GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 139 x 71.9 x 9.1 mm (5.47 x 2.83 x 0.36 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.1 inches, 74.0 cm 2 (~74.1% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~412 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A15 & 4x1.2 GHz Cortex-A7). 8 MP (f/2.0, 1.4 µm), autofocus, LED flash, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct. microUSB 2.0 (MHL TV-out), USB Host. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Up to 429 h (2G) / Up to 393 h (3G). Up to 12 h (2G) / Up to 14 h (3G). Black (front panel), several color options (back panel); white. Contrast ratio: 995:1 (nominal) / 1.754:1 (sunlight). Voice 67dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 77dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu MX3 - user opinions and reviews. For 5.0 Lollipop the answer is yes:. Great phone, using it for 2 years already. Very clear voice in speakers and on bluetooth. If it only had a little bigger battery).. Did this one got any updates for lollipop or would even get a marshmallow?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi 3 Samsung I9500 Galaxy S4 Meizu MX4 Meizu Pro 6 LG G2 Samsung I9300 Galaxy S III. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. xiaomi mi3 meizu mx2 nexus 5 oppo find 5 lg g2 xiaomi htc one xiaomi mi 2 meizu mx3 case iphone 5s lenovo k900 nexus 4. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu mx3 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu mx3 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For MEIZU MX3 New Snap On Rubberized hard case back cover. For MEIZU MX3 New Crystal Clear hard case DIY cover. For Meizu MX3 Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. For Meizu MX3 - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. FLAP RICARDSSON GENUINE LEATHER BELT LOOP HOLSTER CASE COVER FOR MOBILE PHONES. Luxury Fashion Leather Flip Case Cover For Phone. For Meizu MX3 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. Luxury Flip PU Leather Case Cover For Lot Phones. For Meizu MX3 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. Luxury PU Leather Wristlet Strap Purse Pouch Case Cover For Lot Phones. New Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film Protection Cover For Meizu M3S/M5C/M5S. Latest Design For Meizu MX3 Litchi Pattern Leather Wallet Case Protector Cover. Jewelled Bling Crystal Full Rhinestone Diamond Soft TPU Back phone cover case C3. 2Pcs 9H Real Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu MeiLan Phone. 3D Jewelled Bling Crystal Gradient Rhinestone Diamond Soft cover case & strap #p. FASHION PU LEATHER UNIVERSAL PHONE POUCH WALLET ID CARD CASE COVER FOR LOT PHONE. For Meizu MX3 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Rubber Back Case Cover & neck strap #L. Fashion Wallet PU Leather Wristlet Strap Purse Pouch Case Cover For Lot Phones. Ultra Thin Screen Protector Scratch-resist ant Tempered Glass For Meizu Series. Luxury Bling Diamond Crystal Ring Holder stand Soft Case Cover & neck strap #H8. Luxury PU Leather Flip Wallet Card Stand Case Cover For Apple / OPPO / Meizu. Jewelled Bling Crystal Rhinestone Diamond tassel pendant Soft phone cover case T. FLAP GENUINE REAL LEATHER BELT CLIP HOLSTER CASE POUCH COVER - RANGE OF MODELS. Transparent 3D Cartoon DIY Soft TPU Phone Cover Case For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Soft Back Phone Dynamic Cover Case & strap P. Bling Glitter Lip Quicksand goblet Soft Back Phone Dynamic Liquid Case & strap P. Jewelled Rhinestone Bling Crystal Diamond Soft Back Phone Case Cover & strap #R. Custom-made Bling Quicksand Hourglass Soft Phone Dynamic Cover Case & strap #32. For Meizu Meilan 2 3 Metal Note 5 Glass Film 3D Silicone Case Cover Zebra Dog. Luxury Ultra Thin Slim Matte Hard Back Cover Case For Meizu Various Models. Jewelled Bling Crystal Diamond Perfume bottles Soft Phone Case Cover & strap #O. Luxury Zipper Handbag Wallet PU Leather Pouch Case Cover For Universal Phones. For Meizu Pro6/M3 Note Luxury Flip stand Card Slots Wallet Leather Case Cover. For Meizu Meilan Series Magnetic Flip Wallet Leather Case Card Holder Cover. For Meizu MX5 MX4 M2 M3 M5 Note View Window Flip Silk Leather Stand Cover Case. Phone Case Bling Diamond 3D Rhinestone Luxury Glitter tassel Design Cover Skin M. Bling handmade Crystal Diamonds gems flower Soft TPU Gel Back Case Cover Skin 24. Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard Film Shield For Various Mobile Phone. Glitter Jewelled Bling Crystal Diamonds Soft TPU Phone back Phone Case Cover #b8. Retro PU Leather Zipper Handbag Purse Clutch Wallet Case Cover Bag For Universal. Genuine LCD and Touch Screen for Meizu MX3 M055 Pantalla Tactil LCD Display. RICARDSSON REAL GENUINE LEATHER BELT LOOP HOLSTER POUCH CASE FOR MOBILE PHONES. BELT CLIP & LOOP RICARDSSON REAL GENUINE LEATHER POUCH CASE FOR MOBILE PHONES. New Universal Phone Cute Bear Zipper Handbag Purse Clutch Wallet Card Case Cover. BULL'S HEAD GENUINE LEATHER BELT POUCH CASE & CARD POCKET COVER FOR MOBILE PHONE. New Luxury Protective Fashion Flip Stand PU Leather Cover For Lot Case. Luxury Slim Wallet Silk Leather Stand Magnetic Flip case cover For Lot Phone. # FOR PHONES WITH ARMOR COVER - BULL'S HEAD GENUINE LEATHER POUCH & CARD POCKET. Jewelled Rhinestone Bling Crystal Diamond Soft Back Phone Case Cover & strap #16. For Meizu M5 Note 5.5"/MX5/MX4/Pro 5/M3S/M3 mini 5.0". Handmade in EU from genuine leather horizontal holster. Distressed Cowhide, Handmade in Europe, Vertical Pouch. Distressed Cowhide, Handmade in Europe, Vertical Pouch. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
(Redirected from Meizu mx3 ). GSM , UMTS , HSPA. 2, 2013 ; 4 years ago. Flyme OS, based on Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. Quad-core (4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A15 & 4x1.2 GHz Cortex-A7). 16 GB, 32 GB, 64 GB or 128 GB flash memory. 2400 mAh Li-Ion rechargeable battery , not replaceable. Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen , A-GPS , GLONASS , Accelerometer , Gyroscope , Proximity sensor , Digital compass , Ambient light sensor. 1080x1800 px (418 ppi ). 8 MP , PDAF autofocus , ƒ/2.0 aperture , LED flash, 1080p30 recording. 2.0 MP , ƒ/2.0 aperture , 1080p30 recording. mm TRS connector , Bluetooth 4.0, Dual-band WiFi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n. Hardware and design [ edit ]. Official product page (archived) Meizu. The Meizu MX3 is a smartphone designed and produced by the Chinese manufacturer Meizu , which runs on Flyme OS, Meizu’s modified Android operating system. It is a previous phablet model of the MX series, succeeding the Meizu MX2 and preceding the Meizu MX4. It was the first smartphone with 128 GB of internal storage. [3] It was unveiled on September 2, 2013 in Beijing.. 2.2 Hardware and design. Rumors about Meizu releasing a new flagship device appeared after renders of the upcoming device had been leaked. According to these leaks, the MX3 was supposed to have a single circular “Home” key for navigation and a Full HD 5.1-inch display. In August 2013, Meizu has sent out invitations for a launch event on September 2, 2013 in Beijing. As announced, the Meizu MX3 was released at the launch event in Beijing on September 2, 2013. The Meizu MX3 was released with an updated version of Flyme OS, a modified operating system based on Android Jelly Bean. It features an alternative, flat design and improved one-handed usability.. The Meizu MX3 features a Samsung Exynos 5410 Octa system-on-a-chip with an array of four ARM Cortex-A15 and four Cortex-A7 CPU cores, a PowerVR SGX544MP3 GPU and 2 GB of RAM. The MX3 reaches a score of 24,780 points the in AnTuTu benchmark and is therefore almost 104% faster than its predecessor, the Meizu MX2. The MX3 is available in five different colors (white, blue, pink, orange and green) and comes with 16 GB, 32 GB, 64 GB or 128 GB of internal storage. It was the first smartphone to feature 128 GB of internal storage at the time of the release.. The body of the MX3 measures 139.0. It has a slate form factor , being rectangular with rounded corners. The MX3 uses a single circular halo button on the front for navigation.. The MX3 features a 5.1-inch OGS multi-touch capacitive touchscreen display with a FHD resolution of 1080 by 1800 pixels. The pixel density of the display is 412 ppi.. In addition to the touchscreen input and the front key, the device has volume/zoom control buttons and the power/lock button on the right side, a 3.5mm TRS audio jack on the top and a microUSB (Micro-B type) port on the bottom for charging and connectivity.. The Meizu MX3 has two cameras. The rear camera has a resolution of 8 MP , a ƒ/2.0 aperture, autofocus and an LED flash. The front camera has a resolution of 2 MP , a ƒ/2.0 aperture and just like the rear camera it is also capable of recording video with a resolution of up to 1080p30.. Android Authority reviewed the MX3 and praised good specifications, sharp display and the attractive price. GSMArena stated that “Meizu has delivered a solid smartphone and an interesting alternative to the mainstream Android flagships” and praised the performance of the MX3. Android Headlines also reviewed the device and concluded that “if you’re looking for a somewhat cheaper flagship device and you have a way to get one of these, consider it, because it really is worth taking a look.”. Furthermore, Android Headlines praised the sleek body and powerful specifications of the device. ^ "Meizu MX3 website". Archived from the original on 2015-01-12. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown ( link ). ^ "Meizu MX3 page - Full phone specifications". ^ "Meizu Makes World's First 128 GB Smartphone – The Meizu MX3". ^ "Meizu's Upcoming MX3 Phone Leaks Showing Its Front And Back". ^ "Meizu MX3 to be unveiled on September 2". ^ "Meizu Announce the MX3 the Exynos 5 Octa Powered Smartphone You'll Probably Never See". ^ "Meizu MX3 - Antutu". ^ "Meizu MX2 - Antutu". ^ Joshua Vergara (January 29, 2014). ^ "Meizu MX3 Review". ^ Nick Sutrich (November 6, 2013). Categories : Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2013 Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Meizu. Hidden categories: CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown Pages using deprecated image syntax. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 22:30. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Find it, buy it and tell us how you really feel.. Sorry, we haven't reviewed this product yet.. Sorry, we haven't reviewed this product yet.. The Engadget Score is a unique ranking of products based on extensive independent research and analysis by our expert editorial and research teams. The Global Score is arrived at only after curating hundreds, sometimes thousands of weighted data points (such as critic and user reviews).. This product hasn't been reviewed yet.. We've added this product to our database but we haven't actually tested it yet. If you want us to review it drop us a line and we just might bump it to the front of our reviews queue.. We can't tell you the pros and cons because we haven't reviewed it yet.. The fuselage looks very thin and very joint palms. Screen frame is very narrow... Not 4G but if you can live with 3G (Make sure you get the WCDMA... Meizu Pro 7 has a tiny selfie screen on its backside. Say cheese to yourself with either side of these phones.. Meizu fires back at Oppo with its own high-speed phone charging. It traded a little speed for extra safety.. Meizu hopes Indiegogo can fund its first US product. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. Meizu MX3 runs FlyMe 3.0, an OS based on Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. The rest of its features are on the high-end side, including a 5.1-inch 1080p display, octa-core Samsung Exynos 5410 processor, 2MP front-facing camera, 8MP rear camera, 2GB of RAM, 16GB to 128GB of internal memory (depending on model), and a 2,400 mAh battery. However, the smartphone does not have LTE connectivity.. OS: Android (4.2), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 5.47 x 2.83 x 0.36 inches (139 x 72 x 9 mm). Weight: 5.04 oz (143 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1800 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Samsung Exynos 5 Octa 5410. Octa-core, 1600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A15 and ARM Cortex-A7, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Talk time (3G): 14.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 16.4 days (393 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Infrared, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu MX3 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu Android 5.0 Lollipop update roadmap leaks?. 3 minute demo covers the looks and main functions of Ubuntu Touch, reaffirms Chinese Meizu's cooperation. Android 4.4 KitKat updates for Meizu MX3 and MX2 to be launched this month. Meizu MX3 runs Ubuntu as well as Android. Meizu MX3 to be officially released in the US in Q3. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Meizu MX3 unveiled with Exynos 5 Octa, 5.1-inch screen, Wolfson audio and 128GB option. Meizu MX3 unveiled with Exynos 5 Octa, 5.1-inch screen, Wolfson audio and 128GB option. Ahead of main rival Xiaomi's big event later this week, Meizu has today unveiled its latest Android device, the MX3, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center. Like many recent flagship phones, this one finally breaks the previous 4.4-inch barrier to make way for a 5.1-inch display, though with an odd 1,800 x 1,080, 15:9 panel from Sharp and JDI to follow Meizu's string of odd aspect ratios. At the same time, the manufacturer has managed to keep the screen bezel at 2.9mm thick, making the carefully curved body 72mm wide (as well as 9.1mm thick and 143g heavy). This is apparently the result of Jack Wong's 30-plus handcrafted wooden prototypes, followed by some 3D scanning. Update: Our hands-on post is up as well!. Gallery: Meizu MX3 unveiled with Exynos 5 Octa, 5.1-inch screen, Wolfson audio and 128GB option | 29 Photos. As a close buddy of Samsung's semiconductor division, it's no surprise to see Meizu embracing an Exynos 5 Octa SoC for the MX3. Assuming It's the same 5410 variant as used by the Galaxy S 4 , we should be looking at with quad Cortex-A15 1.6GHz cores plus quad Cortex-A7 1.2GHz cores, along with 2GB of RAM and SGX544 MP3 graphics. As for the camera, rather than joining the 13-megapixel hype, Meizu's opted for Sony's third-generation 8-megapixel sensor, along with a fast f/2.0 lens (with second-gen sapphire glass), zero-delay image stabilization and a Fujitsu ISP that helps enable capture speed of up to 20fps. Sadly, the front-facing imager has a resolution of just 2-megapixels, which is dwarfed by many other Chinese options.. Another notable feature is that the MX3 comes with a Wolfson audio chip, which apparently enables a high 113dB signal-to-noise ratio plus a low distortion rate of just 0.002 percent. Like some of the latest Chinese flagship phones, you'll also find Dirac HD codec and a dedicated audio amplifier on the here. On a related subject, the MX3 has a triple-mic setup -- just like the Moto X -- for improved voice quality.. As you'd expect, this new phone comes with a common bundle of radios: NFC, dual-band WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0 and GPS. CEO Bai Yongxiang, previously a lead engineer at the company, also boasted the MX3's patented antenna technology that enables much better cellular reception than the iPhone 5, while at the same time keeping the specific absorption rate lower than said competitor. For those wondering, the MX3 will be launched with WCDMA radio, meaning its 3G connection will work in most parts of the world.. With so many goodies included, Meizu thinks the 2,400mAh Sony cell can still provide 9 hours of 3G browsing, 10 on Wi-Fi or 7 hours of 1080p video playback. The CEO also assured the audience that the phone has much improved heat dissipation, crediting a dual-layer design to separate CPU heat and display heat. Of course, only time will tell if this is as good as it sounds.. Last but not least, MX3 comes with Flyme 3.0, Meizu's latest custom Android ROM. We won't name all the improvements, but there are a total of 324 updated interaction features (like pull-down to refresh, plus self-repositioning soft keys that adapt to your finger habits), 1,579 updated visual features (like cleaner icons and optimized notification bar layout), an AirDrop-like file-sharing feature and new camera filters. Oh, and China-based users can enjoy the Duomi music store, LeTV video store and Lakala payment service straight out of the box. We'll dig into these in our eventual review.. There's no word on international availability just yet, but for those who are based in China, you can now make a reservation and then pick up an MX3 starting from the second half of September. The price goes from CN¥2,499 (about US$410) for the 16GB model, all the way up to CN¥3,999 (US$650) for a whopping 128GB option -- a first for smartphones! Looks like Meizu's got all the right ingredients on paper this time, but we'll have a better idea once we get our hands on the phone.. 5410 , android , BaiYongxiang , china , exynos5octa , Exynos5Octa5410 , meizu , mobilepostcross , mx3 , phone. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. MX3 has Apple-like Android, style (hands-on). The unlocked Meizu MX3 tweaks Android Jelly Bean with an eye for iOS style and unique controls.. by February 14, 2014 11:17 AM PST. Meizu's exotic MX3 is unlocked and straight out of China. The Meizu MX3 uses an almost Apple-like interface. The back of the MX3 is smooth and slippery. The Meizu MX3's UI looks similar to iOS but is controlled in unique ways. The MX3's camera app has plenty of settings to tweak. If you live in America and have heard of smartphone maker Meizu, frankly, I'd be very surprised. That's because the Beijing-based company historically has only sold its devices in mainland China and Hong Kong. With its third-generation handset the MX3, however, Meizu feels it has what it takes to go global. Indeed the MX3 is sleekly designed, equipped with a respectable list of components, and flaunts a unique user interface all its own.. That said, even when you factor in its ambitious attempts to re-tool Android and nimble camera, with an unlocked price of approximately $465 the MX3 will be a tough sell at least here in the States. This is especially true considering its lack of 4G LTE support, a skill US consumers have come to expect from a premium device.. Meet the Apple-like Meizu MX3 (pictures). The Meizu MX3 has an almost identical look and feel to that of its predecessors the MX2 and MX 4-core. All three phones sport an all-black front, gently curved edges, and a smooth back molded from white plastic. They, MX3 included, remind me of the classic iPhone 3G and perhaps a Samsung Galaxy S4 or HTC Evo 4G LTE (complete with chrome trim around the edges).. Size-wise, the MX3 is just a hair wider than the Nexus 5 and noticeably bigger than the Motorola Moto X when placed side-by-side. Even the thicker chassis of the Moto X is more compact. Despite that, the MX3 shares practically the same weight of these other devices, about 5 ounces. Oddly enough I found that the MX3 feels lighter in the hand, perhaps because its mass is flatter and spread out over a greater surface area.. Part of the reason the MX3 has a wider stance is its large 5.1-inch LCD screen. It uses an odd resolution (1,800x1,080) but pumps out an adequate amount of light and doesn't distort greatly when viewed off angle. Even so, the MX3 can't match the brightness of the Nexus 5 which is on the dark side as modern phone screens go.. I'm also not a big fan of the MX3's back plate which like the Samsung Galaxy S4 is slippery and attracts grease and fingerprints easily. I much prefer soft-touch coatings or metallic materials flaunted by, say, the Nexus 5 , Moto X , and HTC One. You won't find any hidden treasures under the back panel either, just a SIM card slot and 2,400mAh embedded battery.. The only physical buttons on the Meizu MX3 are a trim volume bar on the phone's left edge, power button up top, and circular capacitive key right below the screen. The typical Android software symbols for back, home, and recent apps aren't here either.. Instead the MX3 leverages a circular capacitive key that sits below the screen to enhance device operation and to interact with the phone's heavily tweaked version of Android Jelly Bean. Called Flyme OS, the custom skin the MX3 runs looks suspiciously similar to Apple's iOS complete with side-scrolling home screens which double as the app tray. In fact there's no standard Android app drawer at all and even the device's settings are placed (a la iPhone) on the main home screen.. So what interesting UI tricks are possible with the MX3's home key? Quite a lot actually. Specifically you can long press it to put the phone to sleep and hold then drag it upward to unlock the phone.. Additionally, sliding up from the bottom of the screen (on either side of the button) pulls up which apps are running in the background. Sliding an app icon upward here closes its associated application. Dragging an icon down closes out of everything currently running. Also, touching the key then sliding up serves as an alternative to a back button.. I can say these are interesting, and admittedly useful, abilities but as a veteran Android user I find the Flyme UI takes some time getting used to. It's so different from its stock Jelly Bean (Android 4.2) software it's almost like learning another OS completely.. Running the show behind the scenes is what Meizu calls a Smart 8-core CPU. Essentially it's based around Samsung's Exynos Octo solution that combines four 1.6GHz Cortex A15 processors with that of four Cortex A7 processors on a single chip. That's backed up by 2GB of RAM and either 16GB or 32GB of internal storage.. Despite all its cores the MX3 has to lean on though I didn't find the handset especially fast. As a matter of fact, it felt decidedly sluggish, with noticeable delays when jumping through settings menus and launching apps. A quick run of the Quadrant benchmark seemed to confirm my impression of the MX3's pokey handling. The device scored 8,341 on the mobile benchmark, lower than the HTC One (12,194) and Galaxy S4 (11,381), both of which are due to be replaced by newer models soon.. One aspect of the Meizu MX3 I like is its 8-megapixel camera. While I haven't fully taken the phone's picture-taking abilities for a definitive spin, I can report that it nabs images quickly. Shot-to-shot time is practically non-existent with the MX3 moving from image to image almost instantly.. The camera app is also stuffed with options, shooting modes, and filters to tweak your photos. For instance there's an HDR mode, Panorama, manual controls for White Balance and ISO, plus an Exposure Compensation setting.. Meizu representatives I spoke to recently confessed the company's strong desire to break into the US mobile phone market. But while the capabilities of the Meizu MX3 have left me with a positive impression, many of its quirks are off-putting. Specifically these are its sluggish handling and glossy, grease-prone design. The phone's distinctly iOS-style Android skin isn't my cup of tea either.. The gadget's $465 unlocked price is tough to swallow as well, especially with excellent (and cheaper) alternatives such as the Nexus 5 (starting at $349) and the Moto G ($179).. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 121.3 x 63.3 x 10.3 mm (4.78 x 2.49 x 0.41 in). 4.0 inches, 47.6 cm 2 (~62.0% screen-to-body ratio). 640 x 960 pixels, 3:2 ratio (~288 ppi density). Android 2.3.5 (Gingerbread), upgradeable to 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich). 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. microUSB 2.0 (MHL TV-out), USB Host. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Contrast ratio: 708:1 (nominal) / 1.221:1 (sunlight). Voice 66dB / Noise 64dB / Ring 72dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu MX - user opinions and reviews. the touch pad of my fone is faulty,and I have not been able to get the touch pad in my country nigeria.please what do I do. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Joshua Vergara January 29, 2014. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Many storage options, including 128 GB. Display 5.1-inch LCD, 1080 x 1800, 412 ppi. Processor Samsung Exynos 5 Octa Exynos 5410 quad-core Cortex A7 @ 1.2GHz & quad-core Cortex A15 1.6GHz, PowerVR SGX 544MP3 GPU. Cameras 8MP rear, auto focus, LED flash. Networks GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. Connectivity A-GPS, GLONASS, microUSB, Wi-Fi a/b/g/n, dual-band, Bluetooth 4.0 LE, NFC. Dimensions 139 x 71.9 x 9.1 mm, 143 g. Phones from Chinese manufacturers are slowly coming to the west – and at pretty affordable packages. Though perhaps not entirely new at this point, Meizu’s latest flagship phone made us turn our heads – for more than a few reasons.. Plenty of you have pointed out what seems to be the MX3’s source of inspiration – the iPhone and iOS – but all in all the result is still a very attractive phone, inside and out. Featuring a remarkably thin bezel, the. black front is interrupted only by a small white circle at the bottom, which works as the home button. Somewhat impressive, Meizu managed to fit a large 5.1 inch display in a very tight form factor, that fits very nicely in the hand.. The rest of the layout puts the volume rocker on the left side and the power button up top – this button layout is not too common in the Android space and took a bit of adaption coming from more popular button layouts. That being said, it’s certainly not that foreign, and you do get used to it quickly.. Coming around the back, we have glossy plastic that can come in a number of different colors, which is a nice touch. As we know, people love customizing their devices, and Meizu was wise to offer this. On the rear of the device, a subtle but very appreciated curve helps with the handling and assists in the ergonomics of the device. In short, it’s very nice to hold this phone.. Holding it all together is a magnesium alloy back panel that is supposed to help with heat management and cooling, and the frame is of stainless steel – all of which actually don’t make for a very heavy phone by any means, which is a feat of design and engineering, so again, Meizu is to be commended here.. Ok – we’ll just say it now – yes, it looks like an iPhone. Achieving striking similarity to what an iPhone 3GS would look like with a large screen, it’s a beautiful, timeless design that’s likely to draw the ires of Apple’s brilliant legal team, but that’s not for us to discuss here. We would even go as far as to say it’s “sexy,” with it’s voluptuous curves and form, it slides into your hand and begs to you to grace with playful flicks and gestures. Of all of the devices we’ve seen of late, this one leaves something of an impression in that we wish more OEMs in the Android space would design phones that simply looked this good. As always, competition is great, and we’re very happy to see such a nice looking device in the Android space.. Thinnest bezels on the block: Meizu MX3 vs LG G2. Somewhat oddly, Meizu opted for a. 5.1 inch display that actually comes in at a pretty unique 1800×1080 resolution at 412ppi. It’s certainly a strong performer, exhibiting excellent viewing angles, and great brightness, clarity, and uniformity of color throughout.. Also – just so we are perfectly clear – the resolution of the display does not mean that video viewing on the MX3 has a letterbox effect, with black bars on the top and bottom of the content.. Otherwise, color looks really awesome coming from this LCD and the viewing angles are great. The Flyme OS, with its flat design elements, and this screen make for a wonderful combination that’s likely to delight.. Today’s top performers | Infographics. Speedy, responsive operation is definitely no problem for the MX3, as Samsung’s own Exynos 5 Octa brings 8 cores of power to the Meizu flagship, backed by PowerVR SGX graphics and 2GB of RAM. It’s a great combination, and while it might not be as speedy (or power efficient) as Qualcomm’s own Snapdragon line of SoCs, it still delivers where it counts: real world performance, multitasking, robust web browsing, and camera operation.. Multitasking posed no real problems to speak of; granted, I will admit that multitasking in Flyme is probably a little too simplistic. Given that the Flyme operating system is a pretty different OS with many elements built specifically by Meizu, it’s very possible that optimizations help provide for what is a very smooth experience. But we also know too that the underlying hardware is very powerful, even by modern standards.. While it might not have expandable storage, it is possible to get the MX3 with up to 128 GB onboard. We’d like to see more manufacturers offer devices with this much on-board memory. Really, it’s only an extra $5 towards the BOM (build of materials) and Meizu hasn’t cut corners with this device.. This version of the MX3 keeps to HSDPA connectivity, so there was no high speed internet to be had – hopefully we’ll see LTE in the western versions.. Sound quality in calls was standardly good, with no dropped calls in our testing to speak of.. A 2,400 mAh battery, while seemingly enough, is starting to feel a bit ill equipped these days when compared to more girthy batteries of the Galaxy S4 (2,600 mAh), LG G2 (3,000 mAh), yet remains better than the HTC One, with its substandard 2,300 mAh battery. Increasingly, we are seeing that it’s more than the sum of parts for devices that have been released over the past 6 months. Take the Moto X and G for example – they feature near best in class battery life, and it’s more to do with the tight integration of hardware and software fused together in beautiful harmony.. Getting back to the Meizu MX3’s battery – it is. a little small in capacity and, somewhat unfortunately, real world usage supports this. Despite the Octa-core power consumption features, optimization was lacking and thus my testing of the battery drained it in around 8 hours. With power savings on, you are able to eek a bit more out of it, but it’s still nowhere near what we would have liked it to be.. Oh, and that magnesium alloy panel for cooling? I still notice that under heavy load the phone gets really warm. I will say that it doesn’t seem to linger very long, so there is certainly success there.. For those that have been paying attention to the modern smartphone economy the real story here is the audio output, as the MX3 is outfitted with a Wolfson audio chip for better audio processing and a speaker system that, while it does look pretty meek, is supposed to blast. And it does, providing quite a bit of dimension in the sound, making the MX3 perhaps rival even the HTC One, depending on what your ears prefer. Wolfson makes some of finest audio system in the world, and is not found on as many devices today.. The Meizu MX3 camera is an 8 MP shooter, with a f/2.0 aperture for lower light shots. The camera boasts of a few interesting features, but overall, the camera app is pretty simplistic, with all the elements and options on one side, which do include some options for creativity and some manual controls, in the menu.. One of the cool features of the camera is Gesture Capturing, which allows you to wave your hand over the proximity sensor to fire the shutter, which makes taking a picture that much easier. While the camera is far from perfect, it is a capable performer, and definitely fun to use, especially via gestures.. Picture quality is hit and miss, although a hit for the most part. Colors do look good and aren’t dull, and details come through quite well. That being said, the general noise level is still quite high, even though we’ve seen worse, and you may get overexposed shots more often than you’d prefer. Auto-focusing wasn’t particularly “auto” either, as I had to touch to focus more often than not, but thankfully, the focus speed is pretty high.. The design aesthetics aren’t the only thing that feature similarities to the iPhone. Flyme OS is a bit of a mashup – yes, iOS 7 elements come to the flat design which is then put on top of an Android base, and makes for a gesture heavy interface.. Having just a home button does simplify things, but the other buttons are softkeys. The good thing is that Flyme brilliantly consolidates them in a thin black bar at the very bottom of the screen, and not once did I see a breakage in the buttons via this bar.. Gestures center around that home button. Swiping up away from the home button brings up the very simple line of recent apps for multitasking, and a swipe down emulates a back button, or can be used to easily wake the phone.. As for the general interface, the flat design comes with many unique ways of expressing otherwise familiar elements of Android – the volume indicator is very understated now, the notification drop down only comes down as far as it needs to display notifications, and the settings area is a long line down of tabs. Simplification done right is always welcomed by us here at Android Authority, but unfortunately, in this case, it does come at the cost of some function. Mainly, it’s the multitasking – it is just way too simple, with it being just swipe ups and selections, without even a preview of those apps.. Simplification also meant doing with the app drawer completely, making literally all apps and widgets on the homescreens. While this might take some getting used to (unless you’re switching over from an iPhone), making folders help, and the good design of the OS does keep things from looking cluttered or unattractive.. Worst case scenario, just install a custom launcher – but all in all, the Flyme OS is another example of the attractiveness of this device.. Meizu told us that they are looking to bring the MX3 to western markets, but until then, it is possible to get this phone for under $500, a price point that is still better than many other flagship devices out there.. “Made in China.” A term that is unfortunately saddled with a negative connotation in regards to quality – however, in the smartphone space, companies are making moves to reverse this notion. With offerings like the MX3, we think they are succeeding – and we are very excited to see them continue to come stateside.. Let us know what you think of the Meizu MX3!. Phones Smartphone Reviews Meizu Meizu MX3. Meizu , Meizu MX3 , Phones , Smartphone Reviews. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. What's good Speedy performance Sharp display with uniform colors Classic design Up to 128GB of onboard storage. What's bad Poor auto-focus feature Non-removable battery. The MX3 is Meizu's third flagship smartphone in their lineup. Design-wise the MX3 is very similar to the iPhone 3GS with its rounded corners and what experts call a timeless appeal. Unlike the iPhone though, you can remove replace the back case with a different color for customization. Surprisingly, the 2,400mAh battery is not removable, which left many critics confused. Giz China comments, "…this is the first phone I have ever reviewed which has a non-removable battery despite a removable panel.". The most noticeable difference is the 5.1-inch FHD display. The display offers a stunning 1800 x 1080 pixel resolution, which translates to 412ppi pixel density. Critics commend the clarity of the screen as well as the viewing angles and color uniformity. While a 5.1-inch display might not be large, the thin 2.90mm bezels give reviewers the impression that the screen is much larger than its actual measurements.. For a smooth performance, Meizu opted for an 8-CPU-core Exynos 5 processor that comes with 4 1.6GHz cores and 4 1.2GHz cores. Despite having 8 cores, benchmark tests rank the Exynos processor below the HTC One M8 and Samsung Galaxy S5, both of which use Qualcomm's Snapdragon quad-core processors. When performing real world tests, Android Authority found that it delivered incredibly fast performance without any noticeable lags when browsing the interface and multitasking. They mention, however, that, "multitasking…is probably a little too simplistic…it's very possible that optimizations help provide for what is a very smooth experience." On top of the speedy processor the MX3 is the first smartphone to offer up to 128GB of onboard storage.. Perhaps the one disappointment for critics was the 8MP rear camera. While they describe the color quality as "good" they also note that details themselves were not very clear. In addition, they add that noise levels were also very high and that the auto-focus feature was not very auto.. For the most part, reviewers would recommend the Meizu MX3 despite the shortcomings of its camera. Slashgear states, "Meizu continues to impress with their latest smartphone entry…". "Made in China." A term that is unfortunately saddled with a negative connotation in regards to quality – however, in the smartphone space, companies are making moves to reverse this notion. With offerings like the MX3, we think they are succeeding – and we are very excited to see them c.... Meizu continues to impress with their latest smartphone entry here with the MX3. We were already impressed with the abilities of the Meizu MX all the way back in 2012 - here two generations later, things have only gotten better. While we wouldn't recommend a USA-based consumer to pick this model up.... Meizu released the MX3 on September 2, 2013.. How long is the warranty period?. Meizu backs up the MX3 with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your MX3 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Meizu support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Meizu's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 0 Why does my Meizu MX3 always switch to 480p recording?. 1 Why does the Meizu MX3 keep on showing the loading screen?. 0 Why does the new Meizu MX3 keep on sending calendar response?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Meizu MX3's screen size is 5.1 inches with 1080 x 1800 pixels resolution.. There is a Samsung Exynos 5 Octa 5410 1.6 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 4.2 FlyMe 3.0 UI (Update Available: 4.4 KitKat) operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 8+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 2+ megapixels resolution.. Internal memory is 16/32/64/ 128 GB. No external card slot is available for expansion.. The phone is powered by a Lithium Polymer (Li-Pol), 2400 mAh battery. Meizu 's performance ratings are 17.9 days standby time, 840 minutes, Unknown Wi-Fi surfing.. Android 4.2 FlyMe 3.0 UI (Update Available: 4.4 KitKat). Samsung Exynos 5 Octa 5410 1.6 GHz. Head: 0.25 W/kg Body: 0.31 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 13.9 x 7.2 x 0.9 cm (5.5 x 2.8 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. Auto focus, Face detection, Panorama, White balance, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. 16GB model does not support NFC. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/2100 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Meizu MX3. "Made in China." A term that is unfortunately saddled with a negative connotation in regards to quality – however, in the smartphone space, companies are making moves to reverse this notion. With offerings like the MX3, we think they are succeeding – and we are very excited to see them continue to come stateside.. "Made in China." A term that is unfortunately saddled with a negative connotation in regards to quality – however, in the smartphone space, companies are making moves to reverse this notion. With offerings like the MX3, we think they are succeeding – and we are very excited to see them continue to come stateside.. Machine that'll be able to compete with a look that's smooth and abilities that are quite nice. Meizu continues to impress with their latest smartphone entry here with the MX3. We were already impressed with the abilities of the Meizu MX all the way back in 2012 - here two generations later, things have only gotten better. While we wouldn't recommend a USA-based consumer to pick this model... Meizu continues to impress with their latest smartphone entry here with the MX3. We were already impressed with the abilities of the Meizu MX all the way back in 2012 - here two generations later, things have only gotten better. While we wouldn't recommend a USA-based consumer to pick this model up specifically due to 3G-only connectivity, once the US-based model(s) start appearing, we'll have a real contender on our hands.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Leaked Video - Meizu MX3 running Ubuntu. Meizu MX3 Unboxing and First Impressions!. Meizu MX3 First Look! [CES 2014]. Meizu MX3 (Exynos 5410 Octa Core/ 5.1" Full HD) - Unboxing. Meizu MX3 - First ubuntu phone. Meizu MX3 and BQ Aquaris are the first Ubuntu phones. Ubuntu Touch on Meizu MX3 and BQ Smartphone Hands On at MWC14. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 04.06 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Success in India is based on studying, having a job...where’s the creativity, says Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Comparison Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Mobile Phones » Meizu Mobile Phones » Meizu MX3. The Meizu MX3 mobile features a 5.1" (12.95 cm) display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1800 pixels and runs on Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean) operating system. The device is powered by Octa core (1.6 GHz, Quad core, Cortex-A15 and Cortex A7 + 1.2 GHz, Quad core, Cortex-A15 and Cortex A7) processor paired with 2 GB of RAM. As far as the battery is concerned it has 2400 mAh. Over that, as far as the rear camera is concerned this mobile has a 8 MP camera. Other sensors include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. So, does it have a fingerprint sensor? No, it doesn't. For graphical performance that can make games run smoothly, this phone has got a PowerVR SGX 544MP3 GPU. On board storage is at 64 GB with the option to expand the memory by No. Design is one of the most important factors when it comes to mobiles. This phone is 9.1 mm slim and weighs 143 grams. Meizu m1 note (White, 16GB) ₹ 14499. (CERTIFIED REFURBISHED) Meizu m2 (Dark Grey, 16GB) ₹ 5999. MEIZU MX5 16GB SILVER ₹ 14999. Popular Mobiles Comparisons Compare LG G6 vs Moto G5 Plus Compare Sony Xperia XZ vs Sony Xperia XZs Compare Microsoft Lumia 650 vs Nokia Lumia 830 Compare Moto G5 Plus 32GB vs Moto M 64GB Compare Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus 2018 vs Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Compare Honor-7X vs Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Plus vs Samsung Galaxy J2 2016 Compare Blackberry KEYone vs Blackberry KEYone Limited Edition Black Compare Xiaomi Mi5 vs Xiaomi Mi6 Compare Xiaomi Redmi 5A vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare Reliance JioPhone vs Lava 4G Connect M1 Compare Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie vs Honor 6X 64GB. Recent Comparisons Compare Honor-7X vs Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Infinix Hot S3 64GB vs Samsung Z Compare Doogee Mix vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Compare Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Compare Xiaomi-Redmi-5A-32GB vs BLU Advance A5 Compare Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Compare Bluboo S1 vs Doogee Mix Compare Coolpad Note 5 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Compare OnePlus 4 vs Vivo V5 Compare Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 vs Samsung Galaxy J5 2017 vs Moto E4 Plus. For the latest Gadget News, like us on Facebook. From around the Web More From GadgetsNow. Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter Black, 1GB RAM). Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter Black, 1GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5 Inches Quad Core 4100 mAh. Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter White, 1GB RAM). Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter White, 1GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5 Inches Quad Core 4100 mAh. Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black). Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5.5 Inches Quad Core 5000 mAh. Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TL - 3GB (Grey). Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TL - 3GB (Grey) Key Specs See Full Specs. Panasonic Eluga Prim 4G VoLTE - 3GB (Gold). Panasonic Eluga Prim 4G VoLTE - 3GB (Gold) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PP-1100 10000 mAh Power Bank (Gold). Ambrane Plush PP-1100 10000 mAh Power Bank (Gold) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PQ-800 Quick Charge C-Port 8000 mAh Power Bank (Silver). Ambrane Plush PQ-800 Quick Charge C-Port 8000 mAh Power Bank (Silver) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PP-41 4000 mAh Polymer Power Bank (White). Ambrane Plush PP-41 4000 mAh Polymer Power Bank (White) Key Specs See Full Specs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Max (Black, 4GB RAM). Samsung Galaxy J7 Max (Black, 4GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Grey, 3GB RAM). Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Grey, 3GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Silver, 3GB RAM). Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Silver, 3GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Moto C Plus 16GB (Starry Black, 2GB RAM). Moto C Plus 16GB (Starry Black, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 150 Dual Sim (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 150 Dual Sim (White) Key Specs See Full Specs. 3 SIM Slot, 2GB RAM BUY. Coolpad Mega 3 Triple Sim - 16GB (Champagne & White). Coolpad Mega 3 Triple Sim - 16GB (Champagne & White) Key Specs See Full Specs. Moto C (Starry Black, 1GB RAM) (16GB ROM). Moto C (Starry Black, 1GB RAM) (16GB ROM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Panasonic P99 16GB (Blue, 2GB RAM). Panasonic P99 16GB (Blue, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 105 Dual SIM (2017) - Black. Nokia 105 Dual SIM (2017) - Black Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Black). Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. Coolpad Note 5 Lite C 16GB (Dark Grey, 2GB RAM). Coolpad Note 5 Lite C 16GB (Dark Grey, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Sourcing Solutions Services. Membership Help. One Request, Multiple Quotes Get the App. Related Searches for meizu mx3: mx3 meizu mx2 xbmc mx3 android tv box amlogic mx3 firmware android boxes tv mx3 4k xbmc mx3 mx3 phone mx3 quad core mx3 smartphone mx3 cell phone 93 mx3 mx3 manual mobile mx3 case for meizu mx3 original new meizu mx3 More.... Home > mx3 > meizu mx3 > 125 Results. Sort By : Relevancy Transaction Level Response Rate. Response Rate: 49.3%. Tags: Meizu Mx3 | Mx3 | Xiaomi M3 | View larger image. Meizu MX3 5.1inch Exynos 5410 quad core 1.6Ghz 8MP android 4.2 smartphone. Tags: Meizu Mx3 Cellphone | Mx3 Meizu | Meizu Phone | View larger image. Meizu MX3 16GB White Original Cell Phone 5.1'' Android 4.2 Exynos 5410 Octa Core RAM 2GB ROM 16GB 32GB 64GB Micro SIM 8MP Camera. Tags: Android 4.4 Mobile Phone Meizu Mx4 | Meizu Mx4 4g Lte Mobile Phone 32gb Rom | Wholesale Promotion Meizu Mx4 Smartphone | View larger image. Meizu MX4 20.7MP 4G/3G Original Meizu MX4+ MX3 Mobile Phone RAM 2GB+ROM 16GB/32GB Octa Core Phones OTG FDD-LTE & WCDMA & GSM. Tags: Octa Core Smartphone | Exynos 5410 Octa Core | Android Phone | View larger image. 5.1 inch MEIZU MX3 Octa Core Smartphone MEIZU MX3 2GB RAM 16GB ROM Flyme3.0 Micro SIM 8.0MP. Response Rate: 87.0%. Tags: Clear Tpu Case For Meizu Mx3 | Clear Tpu Case For Meizu Mx4 | Clear Tpu Case For Meizu Mx5 | View larger image. Soft Transparent Clear Tpu Case for Meizu MX3 /MX4/MX5 Ultra Thin Mobile Phone Tpu Case. US $0.2-0.8 / Piece. Response Rate: 80.8%. Tags: Case For Meizu Mx3 | 360 Degree Case For Meizu Mx3 | Pc Cover For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. Factory direct sale 360 degree full protective metal paint PC cell phone case for meizu mx3. US $0.3-0.5 / Piece. Response Rate: 83.9%. Tags: For Meizu Mx3 Case | Cover For Amoi N828 | New 2013 | View larger image. New 2013 Cover for amoi n828 3"4"5" Universal Luxury Leather Bags for meizu mx3. US $1.19-1.99 / Piece. Response Rate: 50.6%. Tags: 3d Phone Case For Meizu Mx5 | Sublimation 3d Phone Case For Meizu Mx4 | Sublimation Phone Case For Meizu Mx5 | View larger image. Factory Wholesale Sublimation 3D Phone Case for MEIZU MX4 MX5 MX2 MX3. US $0.5-1 / Piece. Response Rate: 71.4%. Tags: Original New For Meizu Mx3 | For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. original new flip leather case for meizu mx3 , tpu and pu material. US $1.25-1.6 / Piece. Response Rate: 68.6%. Tags: Wallet Leather Case For Meizi Mx1 | Wallet Leather Case For Meizi Mx2 | Wallet Leather Case For Meizi Mx3 | View larger image. Folding Flip Phone Wallet Card Holder Slot Leather Cover Case for Meizu MX1 MX2 MX3. Response Rate: 76.0%. Tags: Cover Case For Meizu Mx3 | Original New Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. Original New Phone Cover Case For Meizu mx3. Response Rate: 53.3%. Tags: Phone Case For Meizu Mx3 | Pudding Tpu Case For Meizu Mx3 | Phone Accessory For Mx3 | View larger image. 2015 phone accessory pudding tpu phone case for meizu mx3. US $0.5-0.7 / Unit. Response Rate: 64.0%. Tags: Brushed Tpu Cover Case For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. Soft brushed Tpu Cover Case for Meizu MX3. US $0.2-0.5 / Piece. Response Rate: 64.0%. Tags: Leather Case For Meizu | Wallet Cover Case For Meizu Mx3 | Flip Leather Case For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. 2016 New flip wallet cover case for MEIZU MX3 ,stand cover flip genuine leather case for Meizu mx3. US $1-2.99 / Piece. Guangzhou Chansun Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 58.2%. Tags: Back Cover For Meizu Mx3 | Case For Meizu | Leather Case | View larger image. Thin back case for meizu mobile phone ,back cover for meizu mx3. US $0.99-2.99 / Piece. Shenzhen KVQ Leather Case Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 15.4%. Tags: For Meizu Mx4 Pro Back Cover | Cell Phone Case Personalized | Clear Cell Phone Case | View larger image. Clear cell phone case personalized for meizu mx3 /4 /mx4 pro back cover. US $0.4-0.46 / Piece. Guangzhou Situote Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 0.0%. Tags: Tempered Glass Screen | Phone Tempered Glass | Tempered Glass Cover | View larger image. Free sample!! Mobile phone tempered glass screen Clean protector for Meizu mx3. US $0.48-1.34 / Piece. Response Rate: 63.3%. Tags: Leather Case For Meizu Mx3 | Leather Case For 9 Inch Tablet Pc | Leather Case For Lg G2 | View larger image. Leather Case For Meizu Mx3. US $6-10 / Meter. Response Rate: 92.5%. Tags: Case Cover For Meizu M5s | Pc Back Case For Meizu Mx5 | Skin For Meizu Pro5 | View larger image. Nillkin Frosted Shield Skin Mobiles PC Back Case Cover For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 6M8 M9 Mx Mx3 Mx4 Pro5 Mx5 Mx6 Mix M3e M3s Mini. US $2.98-3.48 / Piece. Response Rate: 64.8%. Tags: For Meizu Mx3 Mobile Phone Shell | Flip Leather | Fresh Series Leather Case | View larger image. For MEIZU MX2 Fresh Series Leather Case. Response Rate: 52.5%. Tags: Plastic Phone Shell | Plastic Phone Shell For Meizu Mx4 | 2015 Directly Factory Plastic Phone Shell | View larger image. 2015 Directly factory plastic phone shell for MEIZU MX4. US $0.5-0.6 / Piece. Response Rate: 35.6%. Tags: New Style Pc Cover For Meizu M3 Mobile Phone Cover | Flip Cover For Apple Cellphone For Mx3 | Special Paintings Cellphone Case For Meizu | View larger image. for meizu mx3 cellphone cover superthin pc cover. US $0.1-0.5 / Piece. Shenzhen Trusting Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 52.8%. Tags: Tpu Case For Meizu U20 | Tpu Case For Samsung Galaxy Note 3 | View larger image. Quality chinese products Printing custom cell phone back cover Soft tpu case for meizu U20. US $0.69-0.73 / Piece. Response Rate: 81.8%. Tags: Mobile Phone Arm Bag | Arm Bag | View larger image. Sports Phone Bag Running Arm Band Case For Meizu M3S M2 M5 Note U10 U20 Mx3 Mx4 Meilan Metal E Pro 6 Outdoor Jogging Accessories. US $1.7-1.9 / Pieces. 5.1 inch MEIZU MX3 Octa Core Smartphone MEIZU MX3 2GB RAM 16GB ROM Flyme3.0 Micro SIM 8.0MP. Response Rate: 64.0%. Tags: Leather Case For Meizu Mx3 | For Meizu Mx3 Leather Case | Leather Case For Man | View larger image. For man leather case for Meizu mx3. US $0.9-1.8 / Piece. Guangzhou Chansun Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 68.6%. Tags: Leather Flip Case For Meizu Mx5 | Flip Cover Case For Meizu Mx5 | Book Case For Meizu Mx5 | View larger image. Denim Phone Card Holder Protective PU Leather Flip Cover Book Case for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5. Response Rate: 64.8%. For MEIZU MX3 Fresh Series Leather Case. Response Rate: 58.2%. Tags: Crocodile Leather Phone Cover Case For Meizu Mx3 | Colorful Leather Case For Meizu Mx4 With Card Slots | Holder Leather Cover Case For Meizu Mx4 | View larger image. for Meizu MX4 Pro case, leather folio cover case for Meizu MX4 Pro. US $0-1.99 / Piece. Shenzhen KVQ Leather Case Co., Ltd.. Tags: Meizu | Octa Core | View larger image. 5.1 inch MEIZU MX3 Octa Core Smartphone MEIZU MX3 2GB RAM 16GB ROM Flyme3.0 Micro SIM 8.0MP WiFi Bluetooth. Response Rate: 64.0%. Tags: Mobile Phone Leather Case For Mx3 | View larger image. Wholesale business style flip genuine leather case for meizu mx3 ,mobile phone case for MX3. US $1-2.99 / Piece. Guangzhou Chansun Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 90.6%. Tags: For Meizu Mx3 Lcd Assembly | Lcd And Touch For Meizu Mx3 | Lcd Assembly For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. Replacement Lcd assembly For Meizu MX3. US $1-15.99 / Piece. Shenzhen Mintech Weiye Tech Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 87.0%. Tags: Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu Mx3 | 2.5d Screen Protector For Meizu Mx6 Pro | Premium Glass Protector For Meizu Pro5 | View larger image. 100% clear premium design 2.5D tempered glass screen protector for Meizu mx3 /mx4 Pro/mx6 pro/Pro5. US $0.25-0.6 / Piece. Response Rate: 72.7%. Premium 0.3mm 9H Tempered glass screen protector for Meizu MX3. US $0.25-0.37 / Piece. Shenzhen City Paiwei Technology Co., Limited. Response Rate: 89.8%. Tags: B030 | Battery For Meizu Mx3 | Battery For Meizu | View larger image. High Power Battery B030 2400 mAh for MEIZU MX3. US $4.5-5.5 / Pieces. Response Rate: 47.6%. Tags: Lcd Touch Screen For Meizu Mx3 | Lcd Digitizer Screen For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. Original New LCD Touch Screen Digitizer for Meizu MX3. Response Rate: 74.7%. Tags: Tempered Glass For Meizu Mx3 | Tempered Glass For Meizu | For Meizu Tempered Glass | View larger image. Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield for Meizu MX3. US $0.01-0.32 / Piece. Tags: Transparent Plastic Screen Protector For Meizu Mx3 | Anti-explosion Plastic Screen Protector For Meizu Mx3 | Screen Protector For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. Transparent Anti-Explosion Plastic Screen Protector For Meizu MX3. US $0.2-0.4 / Pieces. Response Rate: 60.2%. Tags: 9h Milo Tempered Glass Screen Protector | Glass Screen Protector | Clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector | View larger image. Best quality 0.33mm 9H tempered glass film screen protector for Meizu MX3. Response Rate: 70.5%. Tags: 5.1 Inch Lcd Display | Lcd Display Assembly For Meizu Mx3 | Assembly For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. 5.1 inches Black Lcd Display with Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly for Meizu MX3. US $15-35 / Piece. Response Rate: 68.6%. Tags: Flip Case Cover For Meizu Mx4 | Leather Case For Meizi Mx3 | Flip Wallet Case For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Leather Wallet Credit Card Protector Flip Cover Case Etui Coque for Meizu MX4 MX3 MX2. Response Rate: 64.0%. Tags: Protective Leather Case For Mx3 | New Leather Case For Mx3 | View larger image. In stock new leather case for Meizu MX3 ,flip genuine leather case for meizu mx3 Protective Case. US $1-2.99 / Piece. Guangzhou Chansun Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Prev 1 2 3 Next. Alibaba.com offers 125 meizu mx3 products. such as paid samples, free samples. There are 125 meizu mx3 suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying country is China (Mainland), which supply 100% of meizu mx3. products are most popular in Western Europe, North America, and Eastern Europe. You can ensure product safety by selecting from certified suppliers, including 21 with Other, 8 with ISO9001, and 2 with BSCI certification.. Haven't found the right supplier yet ? Let matching verified suppliers find you. Do you want to show meizu mx3 or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!. Minimum Order: OK. Onsite Checked (Advanced) A&V Checked (Basic). US$1 Million - US$2.5 Million (41). US$2.5 Million - US$5 Million (36). US$10 Million - US$50 Million (18). US$50 Million - US$100 Million (17). US$5 Million - US$10 Million (13). China mx3 remote China hockey stick mx3 China mx3 4k. Download: Available on the App Store Available on Android. Follow Us: Facebook Twitter Youtube In. Alibaba.com Site: International - Español - Português - Deutsch - Français - Italiano - हिंदी - Pусский - 한국어 - 日本語 - اللغة العربية - ภาษาไทย - Türk - Nederlands - tiếng Việt - Indonesian - עברית. Alibaba Group | Taobao Marketplace | Tmall.com | Juhuasuan | AliExpress | Alibaba.com | 1688.com | Alimama | Fliggy | Taobao Global Alibaba Cloud | AliOS | AliTelecom | Autonavi | UCWeb | Umeng | Xiami | DingTalk | Alipay | Lazada. Browse Alphabetically: Onetouch | Showroom | Country Search | Suppliers | Wholesaler | Affiliate. Product Listing Policy - Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide. 
Skip to content Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? Close Menu News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre Close More resources NFC phones list OEM Pay availability by country Does my phone have NFC? Events News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Close Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Antelop Solutions Dejamobile HID Global NXP Semiconductors Okey Rambus STMicroelectronics USA Technologies Close Feedback. NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Trending MWC 2018 Mobile payments What’s New in Payments NFC HCE Tokenization Wearables. What is NFC World? Get news from NFC World by email New in the Knowledge Centre Latest news Subscribe, follow, stay in touch. Meet NFC World’s partners at Mobile World Congress Survey: India now has a higher percentage of citizens with a mobile wallet than China Alipay users sent red packets worth $79m during Chinese New Year Apple Pay users doubled in 2017 to 127m, says top analyst Six more Amazon Go stores to open this year? Meizu MX3. Home » NFC devices » Meizu MX3. Last updated on 5 September 2013 • Posted by Mike Clark. The Meizu MX3 is a well-specified Android smartphone with a unique 5.1-inch 1800 by 1080 display offering a crisp 415 pixels per inch. Running Meizu’s own Android 4.2-based Flyme 3.0 user interface, it is powered by an Exynos 5410 processor which contains four 1.6GHz Cortex A15 and four 1.2GHz Cortex A7 cores.. The device was announced in September 2013 with 16GB, 32GB and 64GB versions made available for pre-order in China starting at CNY2,499 (approx US$410). The 32GB and 64GB variants have NFC functionality.. International availability has not yet been announced.. Android Android 4.2 Available today Meizu Phone. NFC World is where senior executives from across the world come to learn about the latest payment, card and secure credential technologies — and the suppliers who are bringing them to market. Please consider supporting our work by whitelisting NFC World in your ad blocker. Join 13,000+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time. Tokenization beyond payments Standardizing the future of payments in an increasingly diversified world Innovative ways companies are using NFC to unlock next-generation user experiences NFC World partnerships — A guide for industry suppliers Antelop Solutions’ HCE-NFC Issuer Wallet. Meet NFC World’s partners at Mobile World Congress Survey: India now has a higher percentage of citizens with a mobile wallet than China Alipay users sent red packets worth $79m during Chinese New Year Apple Pay users doubled in 2017 to 127m, says top analyst Six more Amazon Go stores to open this year? 768m Chinese used WeChat to send a red packet money gift this New Year One in four Europeans ready to make payments with a wearable device IoTize picks ST NFC chip for plug’n’play IoT connectivity Dubai drivers use NFC phones to top up parking purses on contactless transit cards Researchers aim to print edible RFID tags directly on to food. Follow @nfcw on Twitter Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn Get our email newsletter NFC World on Google+ NFC World on Facebook Get headlines in Slack RSS news feed. Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal. Copyright © 2008-2018 SJB Research Ltd. Made with in Wales .. Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Affordable Chinese phones are coming to the west and we take a look at one by Meizu that might be the leader of the pack. Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ---------------------------------------------------- Stay connected to Android Authority: - http://www.androidauthority.com - https://plus.google.com/u/0/+AndroidA... - http://www.twitter.com/androidauth/ Follow the Team: Josh Vergara: https://google.com/+JoshuaVergara Joe Hindy: https://google.com/+JosephHindy Kevin "The Tech Ninja: https://plus.google.com/1112862513023... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu m3 note - what does a $200 smartphone get you?. Meizu MX3 Unboxing and First Impressions. Meizu MX3 Review (Samsung Exynos 5410 Octa/Full HD/128gb Internal). Meizu MX4 Review - A Very Different Android (In 4K). Meizu MX3 Unboxing and First Impressions!. Meizu MX4 unboxing and hands on English - GizChina.com. The Best Android Phones of 2013!. Xiaomi Mi3 Review (Snapdragon 800 - International Variant). Meizu MX4 Vs Xiaomi Mi 4. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu MX3 Unboxing and First Impressions. Meizu MX3 (Exynos 5410 Octa Core/ 5.1" Full HD) - Unboxing. LG OPTIMUS BLACK P970 Proximity sensor not working FIX!!!. Mobil Doogee s touchpadem na zádech. Meizu MX4 Vs Xiaomi Mi 4. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Read more Pros & Cons. Based on 11 expert reviews. Last revision on August 18, 2015. Many of us love the open source nature of Android but being open source is a double edged sword, allowing literally anyone the opportunity to download the source code and modify it as they see fit. The Chinese phone manufacturing ecosystem has often been.... nubia brand has suffered the critics from the Meize fans since launched, Huang Zhang even attacked publicly that the nubia cell phone is copycat brand. Here we are about to compare the nubia Z7 mini and mini MX3.Nubia Z7 mini was released in July 2014,.... Meizu have come along way since the Meizu M9, and early MX phones. The design of the MX3 might not have changed much over time, but it still manages to look and feel better than some rival devices. For Android fans who like to play around with 3rd.... “Made in China.” A term that is unfortunately saddled with a negative connotation in regards to quality – however, in the smartphone space, companies are making moves to reverse this notion. With offerings like the MX3, we think they are succeeding –.... With Meizu's commitment to launching their phones outside of China, we thought it would be prudent to put the current flagship Meizu MX3 through its paces. First things first though wo here's a detailed unboxing, hands on and first impression of the MX3.... Chris Burns With the release of the Meizu MX3, the company once again aims high with their ability to create a high-end device that, at first, looks like it'd be able to compete with the finer solutions by the top manufacturers in the USA. Meizu's MX3, one of the hottest phones in China, is currently available in the U.S. I don't think anyone in the U.S. Rather, it's a perfect lesson in how different China's Android market is from.... Meizu has delivered a solid smartphone and an interesting alternative to the mainstream Android flagships. The MX3 is more than capable of meeting even advanced users' needs, while the way of interacting with the device is simple and in large parts.... We seen some stunning phones launch in China. Over the past few weeks we have seen the launch of the Xiaomi Mi3, Oppo N1 and the Meizu MX3! And not it's the Meizu's turn for a hands on and review.GizChina.es already posted a great exclusive video and.... Sensor: touch sensor, ambient light sensor, infrared proximity sensor, gravity sensor, electronic compass, gyroscopeBattery: MX is only equipped with a built-in 1750mAh lithium polymer batteries, and build greater MX3 has been upgraded to a 2400mAh Sony.... Tonight, Meizu MX3 will launch with Samsung Exyons 5410 processor. The main chipset is similar like Samsung Galaxy S4 phone, so when Meizu MX3 benchmark score leaked, What's different between the both phones?Meizu MX3 overall has similar performance.... En matière de téléphonie mobile, comme dans moult domaines, la fabrication est principalement assurée par des usines chinoises. Ce qui fait la différence, c'est.... Le Meizu MX3 vient plus chasser sur les terres des Moto G et autres téléphones déjà agressifs sous les 300 € qu'il ne marche sur les platebandes des grands seigneurs (Galaxy S5, Xperia Z3, etc.). Même face à un Nexus 5, le MX3 ne fait pas le poids. Das ist schon ein ordentliches Stück Technik, das der chinesische Hersteller Meizu da zusammengebastelt hat. Gut, ob es jetzt unbedingt das Design des ersten iPhone sein muss, ist wohl Geschmackssache. Die Verarbeitung des Meizu MX3 im Test ist aber gut..... Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Top 9 Samsung Galaxy S9 features. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus hands-on: Express yourself. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact hands-on. Top 5 Sony Xperia XZ2 features. Phones from Chinese manufacturers are slowly coming to the west - and at pretty affordable packages. Though perhaps not entirely new at this point, Meizu's latest flagship phone made us .... by Joshua Vergara January 29, 2014. Meizu MX3 unboxing and first impressions. Meizu might be a foreign name to many in the west, but it's looking like we'll be hearing it more and more, especially if this offering serves up a nice splash in the western market. by Joshua Vergara January 21, 2014. Meizu MX3 can run Ubuntu as well, leaked images and video show. The Meizu MX3 has been spotted running Ubuntu Touch, although it's not clear yet whether the phone will actually run Canonical's OS. by Chris Smith January 10, 2014. Hands-on with the Meizu MX3 at CES 2014. At CES Unveiled, a pre-show event held on Sunday, we had the opportunity to take Meizu’s latest flagship, the MX3, for a quick spin. Here are some of our impressions.. by Bogdan Petrovan January 6, 2014. News Vivo APEX hands-on: The next step in the evolution of fingerprint sensors. Features Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus vs Pixel 2 XL: Two of the best. market in 2014, will show off handsets at CES. Popular Chinese handset maker Meizu has now announced it is preparing to officially bring its handsets to the U.S. As a first step, the manufacturer will show off its Android .... by Andrew Grush December 18, 2013. 128GB Meizu MX3 handset available in China. The world's first 128GB smartphone, the Meizu MX3 is available in China for around $660 unlocked. by Chris Smith November 18, 2013. Nexus 5 to feature a MEMS camera? Probably not. We find it unlikely that the Nexus 5 would feature a MEMS camera from DigitalOptics as recently reported. by Bogdan Petrovan October 2, 2013. Meizu MX3 is now official, totes 128GB of storage and Exynos 5410 Octa SoC. After months of speculation, the Meizu MX3 was made official today and it is a monster of a device. Among other things, it packs 128GB of storage.. by Joe Hindy September 2, 2013. Meizu MX3 spotted in alleged press image, new details also surface regarding 128GB model. The Meizu MX3 is expected to be officially unveiled on September 2nd. While we already know a lot about the handset, we now have a new image of the device, as well as word regarding an .... by Andrew Grush August 30, 2013. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... OS Android (4.2), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions 5.47 x 2.83 x 0.36 inches (139 x 72 x 9 mm). Weight 5.04 oz (143 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 1080 x 1800 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Samsung Exynos 5 Octa 5410. Octa-core, 1600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A15 and ARM Cortex-A7, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Talk time (3G) 14.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 16.4 days (393 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other NFC, Infrared, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Sony Xperia XZ2 embraces curves, haptics and 4K HDR. Galaxy S9 price details: Verizon, T-Mobile, unlocked, more [Updated]. Huawei MateBook X Pro hides pop-up webcam in svelte 3k laptop. How the BMW M8 GTE got its track teeth. Chris Burns - Jan 22, 2014. With the release of the Meizu MX3, the company once again aims high with their ability to create a high-end device that, at first, looks like it’d be able to compete with the finer solutions by the top manufacturers in the USA. What we’ve got here instead – in this current international edition of the device – is a machine that’ll be able to compete with brands in China and surrounding markets with a look that’s smooth, abilities that are quite nice, and Android 4.2-based Flyme OS 3.0 – read: rather unique.. Meizu brins some heat with a 1800 x 1080 pixel 5.1-inch display – entirely unique in the United States’ collection of smartphones today, to be sure. That’s a cool 415PPI (pixels per inch) with LCD technology to light this screen up bright – and with a 2.90mm bezel (that’s incredibly small), it would appear that you’ve got a display in your hands with next to nothing to the left or right of it.. Under the hood you’ve got an 8-CPU-core Samsung-made Exynos 5 processor – coming with 4x A15 cores clocked at 1.6GHz as well as 4x A7 cores clocked at 1.2GHz. This is all manufactured with 28nm architecture – and if you’re wondering what you’re going to do with all of these cores, we’re right along with you.. When 2 core processors were revealed for smartphones, we understood that we’d be able to offload processes to be able to do more than one thing at a time. With quad-core processing, the case was bumped again – with NVIDIA’s solution we even had a fifth “ninja” core that allowed us to send low-power processor needs out for low-power processing – now we’re up to 8 cores. What could we possibly want with so many cores?. As it turns out, we’ve at least got one reason to roll – lots of power for benchmarks. While we’re seeing little in the way of Meizu’s own utilization of all of these cores directly, it would seem that the company has successfully created one rather powerful phone. Now we just need more developers to step up and take the power for their own.. Below you’ll find a number of benchmark test results for the Meizu MX3 – note that not all benchmarks take all processor cores into consideration, while you’ll find the Meizu MX3 out-performing essentially every device on the market today when all cores are considered.. Also under the hood you’ve got some PowerVR SGX architecture at 544MP3 (3-core MHz) as well for graphics processing prowess. Meizu does appear to be rolling smart with these cores as we’ve never seen a skip yet in videos we’ve watched or Android-based games we’ve played.. Connectivity in your own home is provided by 2.4GHz/5GHz Wi-Fi sensors, rolling out with speeds as fast or faster than we’ve seen on other smart devices with the same abilities. This comes in handy for face-to-face video calling and streaming videos, as you might have guessed.. You’ll also find a rather refreshing set of colored backside covers available for this device, interchangeable so long as you know where to buy them. The standard color is white – that’s the one you’ll get right out of the box.. Meizu continues to impress with their smooth-looking flat aesthetic with Flyme OS 3.0. This version of the operating system based on Android 4.2 Jelly Bean does present some getting used to for hardcore vanilla-Android users, but we’ve found the change-over to be enjoyable.. Android users across the board aim to find the ideal aesthetic with 3rd-party launchers from a variety of developers – here Meizu’s implementation of Flyme makes us want to stick with what’s presented. One example is the fact that there’s no app drawer – you can use folders to collect what you’d like on one of several homescreens.. The “M” in the center of the bottom portion of the display is part of the Meizu logo, linking you to the company’s built-in web browser to the Meizu homepage. This is an element we could do without, but Flyme 3.0 allows us to move it out and replace it with any other app shortcut easily.. Apps such as Documents, Music, and Gallery offer up extreme simplifications of the sometimes-overbearing versions offered with other, larger brands. The designers behind this user interface have syphoned the bits we needed and have tossed out the rest – this is Android at just about it’s most user-friendly.. You’ve got the choice of working with Google Play for apps – like any other USA-based device – and Meizu’s “App Center”, where you may have some trouble navigating unless you speak the dialect. Many apps require you to pay Yen, which in turn requires that you sign up with a Flyme account – not something we were especially excited about since we come into every Android device expecting to use Google Play.. That said, Meizu and Flyme are at a point in their respective histories where we can trust them to provide us with reliable service, top to bottom. It will be interesting to see if this App Center survives the journey to the USA in the USA-based edition(s).. With Google Play there was nary an app we couldn’t install, as Meizu has worked this device out to be compatible with the vast majority of Android apps out there in the wild. While we’ve had trouble with some international-aimed smartphones and Google Play app compatibility, Meizu has struck the right chord here for the largest cross-section of compatibility we’ve seen on such a phone.. This machine’s camera works with what they describe as a “top-class” 8-megapixel BSI sensor with f/2.0 “super-large” aperture. This back-facing setup works with a 77-degree wide-angle lens and the ability to work with 1080p video at 30FPS.. Up front you’ve got a 2-megapixel camera with BSI sensor and 1080p video recording abilities at 30FPS. The back-facing camera is also helped with a 4-channel photographic processing chip as well as a Wolfson WM5102 audio decoding chip, speaker chip, and a “new-generation audio enhancement chip”.. This is all going deeper into the bits included inside the smartphone than most companies end up speaking about with the public – in the end it just means that this smartphone has had all of its components picked by Meizu by hand to create one solid experience.. Above is a set of photos taken with the Meizu MX3 with the back-facing camera. Below you’ll find a video filmed with that same camera.. While we’re not especially keen on testing an international phone here in the USA for call quality in general, here it would seem that Meizu has done the work necessary to provide a positive experience no matter where you go. We’ll be testing the USA-based model(s) again to see how the more locally-aimed phone components fare, but for now you’ll be glad to know that this device sounds quite nice from both ends – we heard our callers with fine quality and our callers heard us with great ease.. UPDATE: The AT&T version we’ve got here sounds just as fine as the international version we’ve had our hands on. Meizu has gone and created a device that sounds as nice as it looks.. The battery on this device stands the test of an average day quite well, especially considering the massively dense display you’re seeing up front. Working with a 2400 mAh lithium-polymer battery inside – even though we’ve got heavy-duty 8-core processing going on with high-powered gaming and the lot – has lasted us a full 8-hour workday with ease.. We must assume this is due to Meizu’s implementation of Panel Self Refresh (PSR) technology “built for big screens.” So far this device at least hits the battery time of similar devices, if not beating them in similar tests.. Once you get into heavy usage, you’ll find that you may need to charge this device halfway through the day. When you’ve got a display this large running at full brightness with a whole lot of activity going on under the hood, there seems to be just no getting out of needing to keep that battery in wall plugs.. Meizu continues to impress with their latest smartphone entry here with the MX3. We were already impressed with the abilities of the Meizu MX all the way back in 2012 – here two generations later, things have only gotten better. While we wouldn’t recommend a USA-based consumer to pick this model up specifically due to 3G-only connectivity, once the US-based model(s) start appearing, we’ll have a real contender on our hands.. Meizu MX quad-core edition Android coming in May 2012. Meizu MX smartphone launches to long lines in China and Hong Kong. Meizu announces MX Quad-core with Exynos processor. Meizu MX3 gets official with Exynos 5410 Octa processor and 128GB of storage. MEIZU smartphone makers headed to USA. Topics Android exynos google hardware LCD Meizu Phone Reviews SlashGear Reviews smartphone. Lenovo Flex 14 is a 2-in-1 for the budget-minded. Lenovo Yoga 730 packs Alexa and Cortana into the same 2-in-1. Sony dual camera demo teases ISO 51,200 phone photos. Sony Xperia XZ2 embraces curves, haptics and 4K HDR. Sony’s ‘Open Style’ AirPods-rival goes up for preorder. Logitech Powerplay review: The best argument to ditch your wired mouse. This Rite Press coffee pot takes the mess out of French Press. © 2005-2018 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books, Comics & Magazines Business, Office & Industrial Cameras & Photography Cars, Motorcycles & Vehicles Clothes, Shoes & Accessories Coins Collectables Computers/Tablets & Networking Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs, Films & TV Events Tickets Garden & Patio Health & Beauty Holidays & Travel Home, Furniture & DIY Jewellery & Watches Mobile Phones & Communication Music Musical Instruments Pet Supplies Pottery, Porcelain & Glass Property Sound & Vision Sporting Goods Sports Memorabilia Stamps Toys & Games Vehicle Parts & Accessories Video Games & Consoles Wholesale & Job Lots Everything Else. Hello ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collect & Spend Learn more. meizu mx2 xiaomi red rice xiaomi mi3 oppo find 5 xiaomi mi2s meizu mx xiaomi mi2 nexus 5 meizu meitukiss inew xiaomi m3. All listings - Current page. Quickly compare products with our new grouped view. Save meizu mx3 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu mx3 to stop getting updates on your eBay feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. United Kingdom - UK Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. MEIZU MX3 OF 5.1" COVER WITH COVER LEATHER SYNTHETIC CASE PROTECTIVE. For Meizu MX3 - Fabric Mix Clip Wallet Case & Earphone. For Meizu MX3 - Various Carbon Fibre Clip Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Clamp Style PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Clamp Style PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Fabric Mix Clip Function Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. For Meizu MX3 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Meizu MX3 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Meizu MX3 - Black Carbon Fibre Clamp PU Leather Flip Case. For Meizu MX3 - Printed Design PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. For Meizu MX3 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. For MEIZU MX3 Hot Pink Snap On Hard Case Back Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Printed Clip On PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Clip On Design PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu MX3 - Printed Clip On PU Leather Flip Case Cover & Pen. For MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX5 M1note Ultra Thin Clear Gel Skin Case Back Cover. For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5 MX6 Premium tempered glass HD Screen Protector Guard. For Meizu MX3 - Carbon Fibre Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. For Meizu MX3 - Carbon Fibre Pull Tab Case & Handsfree. For - Meizu MX3 - Brown PU Leather Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. N4U Online® - Meizu MX3 Premium PU Leather Pull Flip Tab Case Cover Pouch -. 3 x disGuard Crystal Clear Screen Protector for Meizu MX3 / MX-3 - PREMIUM free. For Meizu MX3 - Blue PU Leather Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. For - Meizu MX3 - Purple PU Leather Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. For Meizu MX3 - Pink PU Leather Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. Protective Case for Meizu MX2/3/4/5 Transparent Rigid Plastic Cover Back Shell. For Meizu MX3 - Red PU Leather Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. For Meizu MX3 - Green PU Leather Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. for MEIZU MX 3 / MEIZU MX3 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. for MEIZU MX3 Genuine Leather Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Magnetic. for MEIZU MX 3�/ MEIZU MX3 Genuine Leather Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary... for MEIZU MX 3�/ MEIZU MX3 Genuine Leather Case Belt Clip Horizontal Premium. for MEIZU MX 3�/ MEIZU MX3 Genuine Leather Belt Clip Hor. for MEIZU MX3 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof Reflective. For Meizu M3 mini M3 Max M3E M3S mini Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film YB6. for MEIZU MX 3�/ MEIZU MX3 Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Holster Horizontal. For Meizu M3S/Max/Note/P ro 5 HD Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film 2PCS PB1. for MEIZU MX3 Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Holster Horizontal. for MEIZU MX3 Holster Executive 360º Belt Clip Rotary Magnetic Case. for MEIZU MX3 Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Vertical. N4U Online® - Meizu MX3 Premium PU Leather Pull Flip Tab Case Cover Pouch -. for MEIZU MX3 Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Horizontal. for MEIZU MX3 Holster Executive 360° Belt Clip Rotary Magnetic Case. for MEIZU MX3 Holster Case belt Clip 360º Rotary Vertical. for MEIZU MX3 Case Belt Clip Smooth Synthetic Leather Horizontal Premium. for MEIZU MX 3 / MEIZU MX3 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof Ref... for MEIZU MX 3�/ MEIZU MX3 Case Belt Clip Synthetic Leather Horizontal Premium. for MEIZU MX3 Case Brown Belt Clip Synthetic Leather Horizontal Premium. for MEIZU MX3 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Genuine Leather Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Magnetic. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof Reflective. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Holster Horizontal. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Holster Executive 360º Belt Clip Rotary Magnetic Case. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Vertical. Customs services and international tracking provided. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Horizontal. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Holster Executive 360° Belt Clip Rotary Magnetic Case. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Holster Case belt Clip 360º Rotary Vertical. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Case Belt Clip Smooth Synthetic Leather Horizontal Premium. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Case Brown Belt Clip Synthetic Leather Horizontal Premium. See more like this for MEIZU MX3 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days.. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days. New refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, while Used refers to an item that has been used previously.. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. Mobile Phones, Smart Watches, Accessories & Communication. £ Enter minimum price to £ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international postage options and costs.. 
Product Reviews Components Cases CPUs Cooling Graphics Memory Motherboards Power Supplies Storage Peripherals Keyboards Mice Monitors Virtual Reality Systems Builds Desktops Laptops Gaming. Meizu MX3: Hands-on Video of a Top Chinese Smartphone. Meizu’s MX series of Android smartphones are some of the most popular in China, and in 2014 Meizu is planning to release a new handset in North America. Not content to wait, we had the company sent us its current flagship, the MX3, to inspect.. February 22, 2014 at 6:58 PM. While many people probably still think of Chinese phone manufacturers as producing cheap knock-offs of Western and Korean designs, companies like Meizu, Oppo, and Xiaomi have been making high-quality original handsets for a number of years now. Unfortunately, until recently it’s been hard for North American phone enthusiasts to get their hands on these devices. Oppo was the first vendor to make its products easily accessible to a global audience (we recently reviewed the Oppo Find 5 ), and now Meizu has announced that it’s also coming to North America. We caught up with the company at CES, where its current flagship, the MX3, was on display. While the MX3 won’t be the actual device that’s formally launching stateside, it is a showcase of what Meizu is capable of building. For North American gadget enthusiasts who really want to own a Meizu now, the company has partnered with a number of online retailers to make the MX3 available over here as well.. The MX3 was originally released in China in October 2013, and this is a modern large-screen Android smartphone in every sense of the word. It has a 5.1-inch IPS 1080p display, and is powered by Samsung's Exynos 5 Octa SoC. The MX3 is also very well made, utilizing plastic, magnesium, and steel in its construction. While it’s not the most powerful Android phone out there, it’s still a very respectable device, and it demonstrates that Meizu is certainly a handset manufacturer for Android enthusiasts to keep a close eye on.. The MX3's Samsung Exynos 5 Octa 5410 SoC implements ARM’s big.LITTLE. processing architecture, and while advertised as an eight-core CPU, the 5410 actually has four Cortex-A15 CPU cores along with four less powerful Cortex-A7 cores. Workloads are divided between cores, with the hopes that less processor-intensive tasks can run on the slower cores, thus saving power. Unfortunately, the GPU used in the Exynos 5 Octa is PowerVR’s three-core SGX 544MP3, which isn’t particularly powerful.. The screen of the MX3, however, is quite impressive. The 5.1-inch IPS panel has excellent viewing angles and color reproduction. The panel also sports a unique aspect ratio and screen resolution at 15:9 and 1800x1080 respectively. The side bezel is also incredibly slim at just 2.9 mm (0.11”), making the MX3 nice and compact despite being a five-inch handset.. The MX3 runs Meizu’s own Flyme OS 3.1, which is a heavily customized version of Android 4.2. Like many Chinese ROMs, Flyme OS features no app drawer, but instead houses every app on the homescreens themselves - like in iOS.. Unfortunately, the MX3 does not support LTE, which has become the de facto standard for North American handsets. The fastest speed that the MX3 supports is HSPA+, and although that’s still plenty fast for most smartphone data use, the bigger issue is the MX3’s lack of supported North American bands. This will definitely affect how usable the MX3 is for North America users, from both a coverage and network performance standpoint.. SoC Samsung Exynos 5 Octa 5410 CPU Core 4 x ARM Cortex-A15 @ 1.6 GHz 4 x ARM Cortex-A7 @ 1.2 GHz GPU Core Imagination Technologies PowerVR SGX544MP3 (3-core) @ 533 MHz Memory 2 GB DDR3 Display 5.1" 15:9 IPS @ 1800 x 1080 (415 ppi) Battery 2400 mAh (non-removable) Cameras 8 MP Rear, 2 MP Front Bands GSM: 850/900/1800 HSPA+: 850/2100 Software Google Android 4.2.1 Meizu FlymeOS 3.1.1 Price $330 (16 GB), $430 (32 GB) Hands-On First Impressions. The MSRP of the MX3 was recently reduced in China, with the 16 GB model now priced at $330 and the 32 GB variant at $430. Meizu’s official online reseller of the MX3 for global buyers has the 32 GB version on sale for $450 , which is a pretty reasonable price for a phone with the MX3’s specs.. We'll cover the MX3's hardware design, screen, and hardware specs in the first part of our hands-on video.. In part two, we cover the camera and Flyme OS.. You can see recent and comprehensive results of how the MX3 performs in GFXBench 3.0: A Fresh Look At Mobile Benchmarking .. Meizu has created a pretty impressive piece of hardware. While the MX3 is not the most powerful phone on the market, the performance deficit between it and newer handsets isn’t that noticeable during typical daily use. The design and build quality is as good as any of the familiar players in the Android space, and the 5.1-inch screen is simply gorgeous.. But despite all the positives and great price, the bottom line is that we wouldn’t recommend anyone in North America buy the MX3, simply for one reason: connectivity. Without LTE support, and with only one HSPA+ band being compatible with North American carriers, you’d probably be in for quite a bit of heartache if your carrier’s 850 MHz band isn't the best.. That said, the one takeaway we have from our time with the MX3 is that we can’t wait to see what Meizu has in store for with the MX4, which is to be designed with the North American market in mind. If the company can produce a smartphone with the same build quality and a similar design as the MX3, but with newer, more powerful silicon inside, LTE support, and still manage to sell it unlocked at a competitive price, Meizu could have a real winner on its hands.. Follow Alex and Tom’s Hardware on Twitter.. Create a new thread in the US News comments forum about this subject. This thread is closed for comments. Eynos? Why not MTk, they cost like 10x less while offering more or less the same thing?. i love it how all the high rez smartphones use IPS tech....Steve Jobs said that oled was dead tech....nice very nice. Wtf that phone is more overall powerfull than my mother´s pc LOL. Wait for them sharp igzo screens to be used...ips will finally be bested.. The MTK offers 8 relatively weak A7 cores, while this has 4 of those and 4 badass a15 cores.. Eynos? Why not MTk, they cost like 10x less while offering more or less the same thing?. Here it is, american know-how exported overseas and they sell it back to us. The USA does not have enough graduates and enough jobs for the graduates. Some of the Exynos chips are pretty nice. This one is kind of half and half. The CPU side is pretty decent. But they're still using Series 5 PowerVR chips, and only a 3 core at that! The Series 6 cores are MUCH better. On top of that, the Android 4.2 derived OS will drag it down compared to an otherwise identical device with 4.4. I'm not entirely against Android forks but I'd want stock Android on a smartphone over any fork or even custom UI. Also, Google hates forks and has moved a lot of their code away from core semi-open-source Android into closed source "apps and services", which harms forks in general. But to me that's ridiculous, if you didn't want forks, don't pretend you're all pro open source in the first place!. Mmmmh rounded edges, round home button... Apple's lawyers better start learning chinese :-D. Is anyone else wondering why they you can't remove the battery?. GFXBench 3.0: A Fresh Look At Mobile Benchmarking. Acer Announces Affordable the Liquid Z4 Android Phone. MediaTek MT6595: 8 Cores, Cortex-A17, PowerVR Rogue, LTE. © 2018 Purch All Rights Reserved.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Meizu MX3 Review by Lt_Columbo_87. Device Reviews and Information XDA Assist About xda-developers.com General Paid Software Announcement and Discussion. Questions and Answers Connected Car Security Discussion Upgrading, Modifying and Unlocking Accessories Networking XDA Developer TV XDA-University Off-topic Project Ara Hardware Hacking General Android TV Raspberry Pi Hacking NFC Hacking Google Chromecast. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By Lt_Columbo_87 , Senior Member on 28th November 2014, 08:40 PM. For some time now I have the Meizu MX3 phone and I would be very happy if I can share my thoughts and my personal opinion about this really unique device. Meizu is very known company from before. So I think I don't need to write anything about them. About packaging except the MX3 you get also the USB cable and charger. All accessories are in white color. I must admit because the packaging was very smart and cool packed, legal different from other. Meizu MX3 is 1st smart phone in the world which has edge-to-edge design. In other words it means it almost without bezel or to be precise edges are very thin. So this is very cool because of that the device can be smaller with bigger screens. The phone is completely made of plastic, the build quality is high. The front side is completely protected with gorilla glass 3 and the back cover has hyperglaze finish. In my personal opinion the phone is really cute and I think you will also agree with me on this. Meizu MX3 has 5.1 inch display. Display has resolution 1080 x 1800 pixels. The screen is very sharp and it has enough strong brightness including viewing angles. In this combination the screen gives about 412 ppi what I believe is really impressive. AsI said in the beginning the screen is also protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 with Native Damage Resistance technology. So in my opinion the screen in one word is perfect. Alt.the MX3 is not the newest model it is still a good device these days. Because it has very powerful hardware under the hood like Exynos 5 Octa 5410 chipset with 2 GB of RAM and for graphics PowerVR SGX544MP3. From this you can see that this hardware is strong and in 99.9% you will be able to do anything you want to do. For example you can play any game you want if you like gaming also as an average user you can go to the Internet, check your mail or listen to the radio. I have also tested the device with several benchmark test applications and below you can see the results. If you love to photograph then the Meizu MX3 is good choice because it has good quality camera. It has 8 megapixel camera with led flash. I photographed in several different conditions and in my opinion photos are good. Of course there are phones with better camera but if you are not to the mending then you don't need to worry about it. Also below you can see photo examples. According to this blog GPS works out of box. You don't need to do any modifications and GPS does not need Wi-Fi or network help. I am telling you this because many Chinese smartphones has GPS problems because of bad antenna or something else. It has built in battery with capacity of 2400mAh. According to the Meizu it gives autonomy of 400 hours in standby mode with 2G connection and about 385 hours with 3G connection. As conclusion I can say that Meizu MX3 is still good device with many good features. It has high build quality, really nice design, strong hardware, good camera and many other things. If you want you can go to the official website for more information and also you can like their official Facebook page. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Device Reviews and Information by ThreadRank. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. Oukitel K3 - Information, Development & News - 5.5" | MT6750T | 4GB | 64GB | 6000mAh. [App] [Pixel 2 launcher] [Original-unmodified] [flashable] [user app] [Nougat] [Oreo]. [PORT] [WATCHFACES] Stock Watchfaces from Various OEMs. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. Elephone S8 [2K 6" screen Budget Phone] Review, Benchmarks & Development Information. Meizu MX3 Review by Lt_Columbo_87. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Home >> Phones >> Meizu >>MX3. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Meizu MX3 is an Android Smartphone with 1.6 GHz Quad Core Exynos 5410 Processor, 2GB of RAM, 8MP Camera and 2400 mAh Battery.. Available in 32,64 and 128 GB Storage.. - 1.6 GHz Quad Core Exynos 5410 Processor. - 5.1 Inch 1920x1080 Display. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Meizu MX3 User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
2pcs/Lot, Replacement New Earpiece Ear speaker For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX6 Pro 6 MX5 Meilan M1 M2 Meilan Note 2 Note 3 M3 Note M2 Note. 2x antenna signal flex cable line for Meizu MX3 MX4 MX4 pro MX5 Pro5 M1 M2 M3 M5 Note M2 M3 M3S m5 m5S mini M1 metal M3E U10 U20. via China Post Registered Air Mail. Dock Connector Micro USB Charger Charging Port Flex Cable Repair Parts for MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX4 Pro MX5 MX6 M1 Note M1 M2 M3 Mimi. Dock Connector Micro USB Charger Charging Port Flex for MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX4 PRO MX5 Pro M1 NOTE M1 M2 M3 M3S MINI U10 U20 Metal. FOR HTC G13 A510E Meizu MX3 Meizu MX4 Micro USB Connector plug end of the data charging interface tail charging jack plug socket. Jing Cheng Da 20PCS High quality New Micro USB Charger Charging Connector Port Power Jack For MEIZU MX3 MX 3 USB JACK. YuXi Power Button Flex Cable For Meizu MX3 In Mobile Phone Parts Replacement. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. YuXi 1pcs Dock Connector Micro USB Charger Charging Port Flex for MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX4 PRO MX5Pro M1 NOTE M1 M2 M3 M5 MINI U10 U20. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. Professional Earphone Metal Heavy Bass Music Earpiece for Meizu MX3 MX6 M3s M5s U10 M5 fone de ouvido. 10pcs/lot Power IC MAX77665A for xiaomi 3 Meizu MX3 MAX77665 power chip. YuXi 1pcs For Meizu MX3 USB Dock Charging Port Flex Cable with Microphone Mic for Meizu MX 3 Repair Replacement. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 3.5mm Super Bass Stereo Earphone Heavy Low Earbuds for Meizu MX3 MX6 M3s M5s U10 M5 fone de ouvido. Original MEIZU EP21HD Earphone deep bass stereo sound Mic Volume control for MEIZU MX3 /MX4/MX5/MX6 Pro 5 6 M3 M5 Note 3 3S E. 1pcs Earphone Earpiece Hole Jack for Meizu MX3 MX4 pro Mx5 pro5 M1 M2 note M2 M3S mini M1 metal M3X U20. ChengHaoRan Micro USB Charging Port Flex Cable Repair Parts for Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX Pro Meilan 3 Meilan Note 3. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. YuXi Micro USB Charging Charger Dock Port Flex Cable For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX4 Pro MX5 Pro5 MX6 MX6 Pro. New Rear Back Camera Glass Lens For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX4 Pro MX5 Pro Camera Glass Lens With Adhesive Tap Sticker. 10pcs/Lot, Original New Rear Back Camera Glass Lens With Adhesive Tap Sticker For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX4 Pro MX5 Pro. Original Earphone Jack for Meizu MX3 Headphone Jack Flex Cable White Earpiece Hole Module Replacement Spare Parts. Earphone Earpiece Hole Jack for Meizu MX3 MX4 pro Mx5 pro5 M1 M2 note M2 M3S mini M1 metal M3X U20. 1PCS New Rear Camera Glass repair for Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 PRO5 M1 mini M2mini M3 M3smini M1 Note M2Note M3Note M5Note. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 10 pcs /Lot, Camera Glass For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX4 Pro MX5 Pro Rear Back Camera Glass Lens With Adhesive Tap Sticker. Jing Cheng Da 1PCS New Charger Charging Port Micro USB Dock Connector Flex Cable Ribbon For MEIZU MX3 Repair Parts. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 10pcs/lot USB Dock Connector Charging Port Flex Cable For Meizu MX3 For Meizu MX 3 Replacement Parts. Dock Connector Micro USB Charger Charging Port Flex Cable Complete Parts for MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX4 PRO MX5 Pro M1 NOTE M1 M2 M3 MINI. Original New For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX4 Pro MX5 Pro Rear Back Camera Glass Lens With Adhesive Tap Sticker. 1x Brand new power proximity sensor power on/ off flex cable for Meizu MX3 power flex cable Repair replacement. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. MAX77665A for millet 3 Meizu MX3 power ic new and original with tracking NO. 20PCS New Micro USB Charger Charging Connector Port Power Jack For MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX 4 USB JACK. 1Piece New Loudspeaker Assembly For MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX5 MX5pro Pro6 Loud Speaker Sound Buzzer Ringer Replacement Parts. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 1Piece Micro USB Charging Charger Dock Port Flex Cable For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX4 Pro MX5 Pro5 for Meilan M1 M3 M2 Note 1 2 3 Metal. 10 Pcs/Lot, Original New Dock Connector Socket Charger Charging Port For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX6 Pro 6 Replacement. 2 Pcs/Lot, Original New For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX6 Pro 6 Dock Connector Socket Charger Charging Port Replacement. Jing Cheng Da High quality For Meizu MX3 USB Dock Charging Port Flex Cable with Microphone Mic for Meizu MX 3 Repair Replacement. 2x For MEIZU MX3 M356 MX4 PRO M355 M045 M353 M040 High Qulity New Phone Microphone Mic Transmitter. 100% New Front Top Earpiece Ear Speaker Sound Receiver For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 PRO MX5 MX6 PRO5 PRO6 M1 Metal M2 M3 M5 Note M3S. 2Pcs/Lot,Earpiece Ear Sound Speaker Buzzer For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX6 Pro 6 MX5 Meilan M1 M2 Meilan Note 2 Note 3 M3 Note M2 Note. 1Piece Middle Frame Bezel + Loudspeaker Assembly For Meizu MX3 Loud Speaker Buzzer Ringer Assembly Replacement Parts. Dock Connector Micro USB Charger Charging Port Flex for MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX4 PRO MX5 MX5 Pro M1 M2 M3 NOTE M1 M2 M3 M3S MINI. YuXi Middle Frame Bezel + Loudspeaker Assembly For Meizu MX3 Loud Speaker Buzzer Ringer Assembly Replacement Parts. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 2 Pcs/lot, Earpiece Ear Sound Speaker Buzzer Receiver For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX6 Pro 6 MX5 Meilan M1 M2 Meilan Note 2 Note 3 M3 Note. Jing Cheng Da Microphone Module+USB Charging Port Board Flex Cable Dock Connector +Power On/Off Key +Tools For Meizu MX3 mx3 M3. Dock Connector Micro USB Charger Charging Port Flex Cable Complete Parts for MEIZU MX3 MX4 MX4 PRO MX5 Pro M1 NOTE M1 M2 M3 MINI. Original New For Meizu MX3 MX4 MX5 MX4 Pro MX5 Pro Rear Back Camera Glass Lens With Adhesive Tap Sticker. Popular meizu mx3 of Good Quality and at Affordable Prices You can Buy on AliExpress. We believe in helping you find the product that is right for you. AliExpress carries wide variety of products, so you can find just what you’re looking for – and maybe something you never even imagined along the way. If you are interested in meizu mx3, AliExpress has found 1,184 related results, so you can compare and shop! Try finding the one that is right for you by choosing the price range, brand, or specifications that meet your needs.. Our selection of brands is always growing, so chances are your favorite is on AliExpress. You will find a high quality meizu mx3 at an affordable price from brands like MEIZU , OnePlus.. We also know that personalization is in the details, so we offer many different meizu mx3 Compatible iPhone Model like iPhone 7 , iPhone 6s , iPhone 6, and others.. Looking for something more? AliExpress carries many meizu mx3 related products, including mtk6753 meizu , a20 meizu , meizu a20 , meizu mtk6735 , smartphon meizu , meizu smartphon , 5.7 meizu , meizu 5.7 , cellphones meizu. Quality service and professional assistance is provided when you shop with AliExpress, so don’t wait to take advantage of our prices on these and other items!. Customer Service , Disputes & Reports , Making Payment , Delivery Options , Buyer Protection , New User Guide , Report IPR infringement. Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish. All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Retail , Reviews. Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Xiami , AliOS , 1688. Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2018 AliExpress.com. 
