more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. High screen-to-body ratio (76.25 %). Low pixel density screen (282 ppi). The Meizu M6s boasts trendy fullscreen all-metal design and Halo on-screen button, which has a pressure-sensitive display area beneath itself. Inside, a 2.0 GHz, Samsung Exynos 7872 hexa-core processor, is joined by 3GB of RAM and either 32 or 64GB of native storage. There's a 5.7-inch 18:9 display at the front, which has the lowly resolution of 720 by 1440 pixels. A 3,000mAh battery sporting 18W fast-charging is powering the whole shebang.. OS: Android (7.1), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 5.98 x 2.85 x 0.31 inches (152 x 72.5 x 8 mm). Weight: 5.64 oz (160 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1440 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Phase detection), CMOS image sensor. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Hexa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A73 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Data: LTE-A Cat 7 (300/100 Mbit/s), HSPA, HSUPA. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 18 Jan 2018. Shopping information MSRP price: € 152. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu M6s specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu M6S redefines "affordable": 18:9 display, Samsung hardware, and a notch on the side. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 148.2 x 72.8 x 8.3 mm (5.83 x 2.87 x 0.33 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~69.1% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Moonlight Silver, Champagne Gold, Matte Black, Electric Light Blue. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M6 - user opinions and reviews. it's difficult to search tempred glass and a case for this phone in my country right now. That comment was posted before GSMArena editors could update the specs. It was at first a MT6753 and Android 6.0!. You want Oreo in 100$ phone? Is nougat bad?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M6 Note Meizu M6s Meizu M5 Meizu M5s Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Meizu M5c. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu M6s. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu M6s smartphone was launched in January 2018. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1440 pixels at a PPI of 282 pixels per inch. The Meizu M6s is powered by 1.6GHz hexa-core Samsung Exynos 7872 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu M6s packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu M6s runs Android 7.1.2 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 152.00 x 72.50 x 8.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 160.00 grams. The Meizu M6s is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Meizu M6s With 18:9 Display, Super mBack Button Launched: Price, Specifications, Features. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Release date January 2018 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 152.00 x 72.50 x 8.00 Weight (g) 160.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Champagne Gold, Matte Black, Moon Silver, Cobalt Blue. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1440 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 282. Processor 1.6GHz hexa-core Processor make Samsung Exynos 7872 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel Front Flash No. Operating System Android 7.1.2 Skin Flyme OS 6.2. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes SIM 2 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu M6s. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu M6s With 18:9 Display, Super mBack Button Launched: Price, Specifications, Features. Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M6s vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu M6s in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
More Compact More Fun Edge-to-Edge Display. The Meizu M6s sports the largest display in our M6-generation.. Its rounded corners match the curves of the metal body.. Learn more about the edge-to-edge display. High performance Cortex-A73 cores,built on an advanced 14nm FinFET LPP process. Debuting the Samsung Exynos 7872High performance Cortex-A73 cores,. built on an advanced 14nm FinFET LPP process. The M6s is powered by Samsung's Exynos 7872 SoC. The hexa-core CPU ensures high performance at all times, while the M6s marks the first time in M-series history for the Cortex-A73 to be used.. The 14nm FinFET process is customized for Flyme 6 OS,. resulting in fast, precise, and efficient performance.. Compatible with 5 network standards and 16 frequencies. The M6s is designed with a side fingerprint sensor.. This new position allows you to unlock your device while keeping the device in your hand in your natural holding position.. Simply touch the sensor, and the M6s will unlock within 0.2 seconds.. Say [Halo] to a new button. The M6s is powered by an all-new, smarter version of the [Halo] button, powered by Super mBack. In addition to the increase in display size, we've also made space for a new software button that offers full control over your device.. Simply touch to go back one step, or press to go home. As you're used to from mBack, long-pressing will turn the display off, while swiping over the navigation bar brings you a new and quicker way to switch between applications.. 16-megapixel rear camera + 8-megapixel front camera. The M6s combines a 16-megapixel sensor and the ISP of the Samsung Exynos 7872, offering high-quality photos. The Samsung CMOS features an Æ/2.0 aperture and a customized 5P lens.. The 8-megapixel front camera also adopts Samsung CMOS, bringing you finer and more natural-looking selfies. When beauty mode is enabled, the M6s can automatically identify the complexion and shape of the subject's face and beautify it in real-time.. The M6s is equipped with 3GB RAM, as well as 32GB or 64GB of storage.. In addition to on-device storage, the M6s also features an SD card slot, which supports cards up to 128GB.. Charge faster and more efficiently with 18W mCharge. Our smart AI engine automatically allocates memory and optimizes its power consumption. to efficiently use the 3000mAh battery of the M6s.. mCharge now supports 18W, and comes with improved charging efficiency thanks to its improved power management chip.. The exquisite design of the M6s is instantly recognizable.. The back cover is sandblasted using a type of zircon sand,. and the corners on both sides are smooth and rounded.. The M6s comes in black, blue, gold, and silver. Advanced PBT nano injection is used for color matching, creating a perfect harmony between the color variations.. The M6s comes in black, blue, gold, and silver. Advanced PBT nano injection is used for color matching, creating a perfect harmony between the color variations.. The M6s comes in black, blue, gold, and silver. Advanced PBT nano injection is used for color matching, creating a perfect harmony between the color variations.. The M6s comes in black, blue, gold, and silver. Advanced PBT nano injection is used for color matching, creating a perfect harmony between the color variations.. The M6s comes in black, blue, gold, and silver. Advanced PBT nano injection is used for color matching, creating a perfect harmony between the color variations.. The M6s comes in black, blue, gold, and silver. Advanced PBT nano injection is used for color matching, creating a perfect harmony between the color variations.. All materials, product models, test data, function performance, and specifications displayed and described on this website are for reference only and are subject to change. For specific information, please refer to the physical product and product manual.. Unless otherwise stated, all data on this website represents test results from Meizu's lab. Data may vary to some degree under different circumstances. Therefore, users need to rely on their own experience with the physical product.. [First Samsung Exynos 7872 phone] means that the [M6s] is the first phone in the domestic market that uses Samsung's Exynos 7872 processor.. Samsung's Exynos 7872 processor consists of two Cortex-A73 cores and four Cortex-A53 cores.. After setting up the fingerprint unlock feature, touch the fingerprint sensor on the side of the phone with the corresponding finger to unlock the phone.. Go to System > Settings to enable the "Long press Home to turn off screen" feature.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Meizu M6S smartphone flaunts a 5.7-inch HD+ (1440 X 720) display. The Meizu M6S is powered by Samsung’s Exynos 7872 processor with 3GB of RAM and 32GB / 64GB internal storage, which can further be expanded using microSD card. On the software front, it runs on Android 7.0 Nougat. On the photography front sport a 16-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel selfie camera. Connectivity options include 4G LTE, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, GPS, and USB.. Sales Package Device, Battery, Charging Adaptor, USB Cable. Display Resolution HD+ (1440 X 720) Pixel. Internal Memory 32GB Storage / 64GB Storage + 3GB RAM. Camera resolution 16 MP with f/2.0 aperture. Secondary Camera 8 MP with f/2.0 Aperture. Size (L by B by T) 152 * 72.5 * 8.0 mm. Honor 9 Lite launch, Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime launch, Jio not preferred for MNP, and more: Daily News Wrap. Meizu M6s with 18:9 display, Exynos SoC launched: Price, specifications, features. Meizu M6s with Exynos 7872, 3,000mAh battery to launch today: Here’s all we know so far. Meizu M6s with Cortex-A73 SoC, navigation buttons leaked ahead of January 17 launch. Meizu M6s with 18:9 display spotted on TENAA: Design, specifications, features. Meizu M6S Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5. Meizu M6S Vs Honor 9 Lite. Meizu M6S Vs Micromax Superfone Canvas A100. 5,890 Buy Now. Camera 16 MP with f/2.0 aperture. Internal Memory 32GB Storage / 64GB Storage + 3GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Staff on Jan 17, 2018 09:51 PM. Here are the top news stories of the .... Staff on Jan 17, 2018 02:51 PM. Meizu M6s features a fingerprint sensor placed on the side .... Staff on Jan 17, 2018 09:19 AM. Ahead of the launch, images and specification of the Meizu .... Staff on Jan 15, 2018 01:19 PM. Meizu officially teases the launch of its M6s .... Staff on Jan 06, 2018 05:06 PM. The Meizu M6s is expected to be the company’s first .... Write a Review on Meizu M6S. Samsung Galaxy S9+ with dual rear cameras, dual aperture, AR Emoji feature launched at MWC 2018… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. Samsung #GalaxyS9 , Galaxy S9+ pre-bookings kick off in India; launch expected in March buff.ly/2EXGltG. 5 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X, writes @GadgetFreak4U … twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... OS Android (7.1), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions 5.98 x 2.85 x 0.31 inches (152 x 72.5 x 8 mm). Weight 5.64 oz (160 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 720 x 1440 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection), CMOS image sensor. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Hexa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A73 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Data LTE-A Cat 7 (300/100 Mbit/s), HSPA, HSUPA. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots, Yes. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Meizu M6s Is Official With A ‘Halo Button’, Exynos 7872 SoC. January 17, 2018 - Written By Kristijan Lucic. After weeks of various rumors, leaks, and official teasers, Meizu has finally announced its new mid-range handset, the Meizu M6s. It seems like most rumors and leaks were spot on when it comes to this handset, as it does come with a side-facing fingerprint scanner , and it does not sport a physical mBack key that the company has been including on all of its smartphones in the last couple of years. Having said that, let’s see what this mid-ranger has to offer, shall we.. The Meizu M6s is a metal-clad smartphone, as expected, its fingerprint scanner is placed on the right, where you will find a physical key as well, and it seems like that’s the phone’s power key. On the left-hand side of the device lies a volume rocker, and a SIM card tray. The display on the Meizu M6s sports rounded corners, and the bezels on this phone are rather thin, considerably thinner than on its predecessors. A single camera is placed on the device, and an LED flash lies right below that camera. That being said, let’s talk real quick about that navigation on this handset, as the company decided to replace its physical, multifunctional mBack button with something called ‘Halo Button’. Halo Button is essentially a virtual button, which is rather similar to the mBack key that the company used to utilize. You can tap this on-screen button, and it will serve you as a back key, while you can press it (force touch), and it will act as a home key. If you long-press the Halo Button, the display will lock, while you can swipe it left and right in order to switch between your recent applications. If you swipe up, however, you’ll activate multitasking / overview mode. All in all, those of you who have used the company’s mBack button in the past should be able to get used to the Halo Button in no time, while others will find this rather new, but it’s not complicated or anything of the sort.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. This phone’s side-facing fingerprint scanner can unlock the device in 0.2 seconds, says Meizu, and it’s called ‘Super mBack’ fingerprint sensor. That fingerprint scanner is also customizable, you can set it to perform custom actions and what not. The Meizu M6s sports a 5.7-inch HD+ (1440 x 720) display with a 2.5D curved glass on top of it. The phone is fueled by the Exynos 7872 64-bit hexa-core processor, while it packs in 3GB of RAM and 32GB / 64GB of expandable storage. Android 7.1.2 Nougat comes pre-installed on the device, along with the company’s Flyme OS 6.2. Two SIM card slots are available here as well, while a 16-megapixel shooter (f/2.0 aperture, 5P lens, CMOS sensor) can be found on the back of this phone. An 8-megapixel shooter (f/2.0 aperture) is located on the front side of the Meizu M6s, and a 3,000mAh non-removable battery is also a part of the package, and it offers 18W fast charging (0-30 percent in 15 minutes, says Meizu). The phone measures 152 x 72.54 x 8mm, while it weighs 160 grams.. The Meizu M6s comes in Champagne Gold, Matte Black, Moonlight Silver and Cobalt Blue color variants, while its 32GB and 64GB storage variants are priced at 999 Yuan and 1,199 Yuan in China. The phone can be pre-ordered starting today, and it will go on sale starting on January 19 in China. Meizu did not release any info regarding the device’s global launch, so stay tuned for that.. — Ard Boudeling (@ArdCB) January 17, 2018. YouTube Announces Stricter Requirements For Monetization. BLUBOO S3 Is A Galaxy S9 Look-Alike With An 8,300mAh Battery. Android News , Chinese Smartphones , Meizu. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
The Meizu M6S passes through TENAA ahead of 2018 announcement. Earlier this month, we heard rumors that Meizu had big plans for 2018 as the company is preparing to release up to six new devices in just the first half of the new year. It seems that the ball is getting ready to start rolling as the oft-rumored Meizu M6S has passed through China’s TENAA certifications.. Surprisingly, TENAA did not publish any images of the device, however, we now have an idea of some of the specs that can be found on the device. Notably, the Meizu M6S will come equipped with a 5.7-inch display and a 2,930mAh battery.. Unfortunately, there’s no information as to whether the display will follow the recent trend of 18:9 options, but previous rumors claim this will be the case. Other rumored specs for the Meizu M6S include 3GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage, along with a dual-camera setup including a 13MP main shooter and a 5MP secondary sensor.. Finally, we are expecting the M6S to be powered by MediaTek’s MT6793 chipset, which should help keep things chugging along for this mid-range device. Thanks to the fact that the M6S has passed through the TENAA certifications, we could be only days away from an official announcement. It’s unlikely that Meizu will be making an appearance at CES 2018 , so be sure to keep an eye out for something else from Meizu as we enter 2018.. Meizu E3 lineup coming on March 6th. Meizu due to announce new phone on Jan. Meizu 15 Plus leaks in new renders. Meizu plans to release 6 devices in 2018. android Best of Phandroid. stars Popular this Week launch. more_vert Google I/O 2018 registrations now open. close You can now register for Google I/O 2018 to the tune of over $1K. After making the announcement last month, Google I/O 2018 registration has officially opened. General Admission tickets are priced at $1,150, while Student Admission is priced at $375.. more_vert Android Go to be shown at MWC. close Google to introduce Android Go phones at MWC. We haven’t heard much about Android Go since the announcement. Several Google apps have received the “Go” treatment in that time. Google is finally ready to show off some Android Go devices at MWC next week.. more_vert Google says they're NOT bringing "Dark mode" to Android. close Google says they are definitely NOT bringing “Dark mode” to Android [NOOOOOOO!]. After news that Google was adding a Dark mode to a future Android release, Google has chimed and confirmed that this is NOT happening anytime soon. more_vert Google looking into abnormal Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug. close Google says they’re looking into Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug, here’s a possible quick fix. After users began reporting abnormal battery drain on the Pixel 2 and 2 XL, Google says they’re now looking into the issue.. close ARCore 1.0 arrives with new capabilities in Google Lens. gle today announced the public availability of ARCore 1.0. The new development kit allows developers to easily create rich AR experiences with the power of Google’s vision engine behind them.. more_vert Google Assistant to get 30 languages. close Google Assistant will have over 30 languages by year end. Google says the new languages will cover 95% of all Android users. But what’s even cooler than that is a new feature that will allow Assistant to detect languages.. more_vert Google app adds screenshot tools. close Google app adds built-in screenshot-editing tools. Now that it has been almost a year, Google is finally ready to make the feature available to everyone. Version 7.21 of the app adds editing tools for screenshots.. more_vert HTC lays off US team. close HTC lays off a large portion of its US team. HTC has laid off a majority of the US team. These are people that work exclusively in the US market. The only employees remaining in the US office are those that work for HTC Global.. more_vert Huawei P20 leaked photos show small bezels, no volume buttons. close Huawei P20 leaked photos show beautifully small bezels, volume buttons strangely absent. Huawei P20 leaked photos show us beautifully small bezels. Oddly missing is the rumored three camera setup and complete lack of a volume buttons.. more_vert Google Pay is officially rolling out today. close Farewell, Android Pay and Google Wallet: Google Pay is officially here. Google Pay is officially rolling out starting today and will soon replace Google Wallet and Android Pay.. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2018. 
Meizu Announces M6s with Exynos 7872. by Andrei Frumusanu on January 17, 2018 7:20 AM EST. 148.2 x 72.8 x 8.3 mm. 148.2 x 72.5 x 8.4 mm. 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Category 7). FDD-LTE / TD-LTE / TD-SCDMA / WCDMA / CDMA / GSM. 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Category 4). FDD-LTE / TD-LTE / TD-SCDMA / WCDMA / CDMA / GSM. 13MP, 1/3.06" OmniVision OV13853, 1.12µm pixels, f/2.2, PDAF,. Today Meizu launched the new M6s, successor to last year’s M5s. The new M6s brings significant upgrades for the entry-level smartphone as it upgrades the SoC, screen and camera.. The M6s is among one of the first smartphones in its price category to include a SoC with an ARM big core. The Exynos 5 (Mid-range series) 7872 is Samsung’s first SoC below the high-end to adopt Cortex A73 cores alongside the usual A53 cores. The new 2x A73 4x A53 configuration runs at respectively 2.0 and 1.6GHz, resulting in expected performance far ahead of the M5s’ MT6753 which only had A53 cores up to 1.3GHz. The GPU is a new Mali G71MP1 running up to a very high 1.2GHz, likely to compensate for the fact that it only has a single core. The SoC is also manufactured on a 14nm process so we should expect overall large efficiency and battery life gains.. This is also the first time we’ve seen an Exynos SoC released with integrated CDMA capability, confirming the rumours that SLSI is finally transitioning towards a world-modem and properly competing against other SoC vendors in CDMA markets such as China and the US. The SoC is also a fully integrated connectivity platform as it also integrates WiFi up to 802.11n, Bluetooth 5 and FM radio without having to rely on external combo-chips.. The M6’s screen keeps the rather low-end 720p resolution of the M5s but transitions to a 18:9 aspect ratio, thus increasing the vertical resolution to 1440 pixels.. The cameras have seen an upgrade as the main shooter now includes a higher resolution 16MP Samsung sensor with an f/2.0 lens system as well as an unspecified 8MP front camera.. The transition to a edge-to-edge display and removal of the front-facing physical home button in the M6s has obliged Meizu to move the fingerprint sensor to the side of the device near the power button. To replace the lack of the multi-function home button that Meizu devices usually ship with, Meizu has reintroduced a software Halo button for navigation which is also pressure sensitive on the screen.. The M6s comes in black, blue, gold and silver in 32 and 64GB variants for respectively ¥999 / ¥1199 RMB or equivalent $155 / $189 USD, making the phone a very attractive proposition and value for money.. Please log in or sign up to comment.. gobaers - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. Andrei Frumusanu - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. Wardrive86 - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. All that CPU and basically no gpu. The CPU is quite nice for the price. lilmoe - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. Yea, I noticed the same thing. The good news is that it should pretty darn efficient for UI navigation and light gaming workloads. naveensingh - Friday, January 19, 2018 - link. It has best perormance in the category. For 150$, tell me a phone that gives 91k Antutu!!. jjj - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. The 720p display and the large bezels are its weak points. Price is ok considering memory prices but we had better value phones in 2016 already and that's rather annoying. MrSpadge - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. Did any of them have comparable prices (I'm not interested in 300+€ "value phones") and anything better than A53 cores? Back in 2015 Phones in the 100 - 150$ range had SD 212 or hardly anything better. jjj - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. That's a typo, meant 2016 and in 2016 there were things like the Qiku N4 with 5.5 inch 1080p, Helio X20, $GB RAM, 32GB NAND at 899CNY. MrSpadge - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. Had never hear of that and it's not even listed in a big european price comparison portal. But a few other relatively similar Helio X20 phones are available in that price range. ZolaIII - Wednesday, January 17, 2018 - link. When we argued how S650~52 are better offering... IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/64GB ROM) - Silver. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/64GB ROM) - Gold. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/64GB ROM) - Grey. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/64GB ROM) - Blue. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/32GB ROM) - Blue. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/32GB ROM) - Gold. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/32GB ROM) - Grey. Meizu M6S (3GB RAM/32GB ROM) - Silver. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
Russian English Spanish French Portugues Italian. Contacts Facebook Twitter YouTube. menu Deals Reviews Delivery and warranty Feedbacks Help?. Meizu M6S Review: specifications, User opinions, photos Description Meizu M6S See all discounted products. $0 .00 ( € 0.00). $0 .00 ( € 0.00). 5.7" (1440x720) Curved Glass / Exynos 7872 / 3Gb / 32GB / 16Mp / 3000mAh. $119 .99 ( € 99.01). 5.5" (1280x720) Curved Glass / MT6737 / 1Gb / 16GB / 8Mp GalaxyCore GC8024 / 2300mAh. $178 .99 ( € 147.70). 5.5" (1920x1080) Curved Glass / MT6757 / Helio P20 / 6Gb / 64GB / 13Mp Samsung S5K3L8 / 4000mAh. Index Reviews Meizu M6S smartphone review. Photos / Pictures Meizu M6S Performance Meizu M6S Video review Meizu M6S Official site Meizu M6S Firmware Meizu M6S Publication date: 2017-11-29 Now we do not have stock for this smartphone, but there are similar products which you can buy at a discount, for example:. Meizu M6S - changes dictated by the market. The Chinese company Meizu the last couple of years, lived on the principle "that'll do". This fact is especially noticeable in the range of models of the middle price segment. The lines of smartphones M3 and M5 were practically the same, and some representatives of the sixth generation of the telephones of the corporation received old technical characteristics. However, the decline in sales, criticism from the audience and the successful actions of rivals prompted the manufacturer to first release of an interesting M6 Note, and now he is the hero of today's review.. Incredibly, the novelty finally got a bezelless 5.7-inch OGS-display with sides ratio of 18 to 9. Fans really waited for this moment. The screen is great in virtually every aspect. High brightness and contrast allow using the device in direct sunlight, and the resolution of 1440x720 pixels demonstrates an excellent balance of good image detailization and modest power consumption.. Performance is smart for the value category. processor are enough for the vast majority of gaming applications, and together with 3/4gb of RAM and the Mali G71MP3 video accelerator , the chip's power will be actual int the next year. ROM is allocated 32/64gb , one of the SIM cards safely be changed for a microSD card to expand the amount of memory.. The role of cameras is assigned to 16 and 8-megapixel modules. They are worthy of competition against the background of opponents, but they will not become revolutionary in terms of the natural color reproduction of photographs or the amount of noise during the evening shoot. But the autonomy of the device is impressive. guarantees up to 2-3 days of gadget operation at 6-7 hours of active screen time without the need for recharging. The branded FlymeOS based on the updated Android Nougat , support for 4G and OTG and the numerous advantages of the phablet, listed above, make it one of the most attractive mobile devices for today.. Buy Meizu M6S on Aliexprss. With the help of our service you can get best price and discount on this phone. If you whant see all deals click click here.. Performance test antutu benchmark ~63822. Compare to the other models here. Resolution 1440x720 More models with 1440x720 resolution see here. Glass Types Curved Glass. Frame size 3.9 mm. Usable surface 75.5 %. Bezel-less Yes - More models with bezel-less display see here. Display size 5.7 ". CPU Architecture 2 cores Cortex-A73 1,9gHz, 4 cores Cortex-A53 1,4 Ghz. Model Exynos 7872 More models with Exynos 7872 CPU see here. Process technology 14 nm. RAM 3 Gb More models with 3 Gb RAM see here. External memory MicroSD (TF), supports cards up to 256Gb. Resolution 16 Mp More models with 16 Mp camera see here. Flash Dual LED flash. Frequency 2G (GSM): 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 3G (WCDMA): 850 / 900 / 2100 MHz 4G (FDD-LTE): B1(2100) / B3(1800) / B7(2600). Sim cards nanoSIM + nanoSIM or microSD (TF). NFC No - More models with NFC see here. Supports GPS, A-GPS, GLONAS. Battery capacity 3000 mAh. Working hours in normal mode 2-3 days. Working hours in hard mode 6-7 hours. Stand-by time 5-6 days. Talk time 30 hours. Dimensions 152 x 72,5 x 8 mm. Languages English, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, French, German, Danish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, etc. A detailed list of supported languages - here. тест antutu benchmark ~ожидается в районе 63822. -- Author: Andy Ray. $0 .00 (€0.00). 5.7" (1440x720) Curved Glass / Exynos 7872 / 3Gb / 32GB / 16Mp / 3000mAh Colors:. Rate this page: 1 - 5. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Unite4buy.com is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. The use and copying of text is allowed when referring to a source (a link to the main page or a review page, a link without the rel = nofollow attribute in the a href tag).. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Spesifikasi Meizu M6s Indonesia: Harga: Rp2 jutaan (di China) CPU: Exynos 7872 6-core 2.0 GHz GPU: Mali-G71 RAM: 3 GB Storage: 32/64 GB OS: Flyme 6.3.1 (Android 7.0) Kamera belakang: 16 MP Kamera depan: 8 MP Layar: IPS 5,7 inci (1.440 x 720 piksel) Baterai: 3.000 mAh (fast charging) Sensor: Accelerometer, proximity, gyro, compass AnTuTu Benchmark v7: 91 ribu poin SoT: 5-6 jam Hands-on by: Romi Hidayat ( https://www.instagram.com/romihidayat27/ ) Download aplikasi DroidLime: https://play.google.com/store/apps/de... FB: DroidLime https://www.facebook.com/droidlime Twitter: @droidlime https://twitter.com/droidlime GPlus: DroidLime https://plus.google.com/+Droidlime Instagram: https://instagram.com/droidlime/ LINE@: @droidlime. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M6s vs Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus | Exynos 7872 vs Snapdragon 625 : Antutu Benchmark Battle.. PERTAMA! Infinix Hot S3 - Unboxing, Hands-on, Camera & Fingerprint Test (Indonesia). REVIEW XIAOMI REDMI 5 PLUS INDONESIA!. Meizu M6S vs Xiaomi Redmi 5: Compare Best Budget 18:9 Phones of 2018. Meizu M6s Indonesia | Lebih Baik Dari Redmi 5 Plus ??. Review Meizu U20 Indonesia, Cocok Buat Yang Bosan Xiaomi. Meizu M6s Unboxing - Review - Gaming - Benchmark - Camera Test. ASUS ZenFone AR Review Indonesia: Smartphone Masa Depan. Live Unboxing SAMSUNG GALAXY S9+ Indonesia (MWC 2018). Meizu M6S Unboxing & Hands On. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus vs Meizu M6s {Full Side By Side Review}. REVIEW Apple iPhone 8 Plus Indonesia. Meizu Note 8 in 2018 - Slim Glass Charm with 8GB of RAM, 14MP Dual Camera & More! ᴴᴰ. Nubia M2 Review Indonesia: Kamera Potensial. REVIEW GOOGLE PIXEL 2 XL INDONESIA!. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Review Indonesia. Rp1.7 JUTA!!* Unboxing Xiaomi Redmi 5 Garansi Resmi!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Meizu M6s With 18:9 Display, Super mBack Button Launched: Price, Specifications, Features. Sumit Chakraborty , 17 January 2018. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Meizu M6s sports 16-megapixel rear camera and 8-megapixel front camera. Meizu M6s will be available in two storage variants. Meizy comes with 3GB of RAM. Meizu M6s price Meizu M6s specifications. Meizu M6s is the company's first smartphone to be launched in 2018, and made its splash on Wednesday. The major USPs of the Meizu M6s are an 18:9 display, an Exynos processor, and a side-mounted fingerprint scanner. Meizo M6s also introduces the Super mBack feature, integrated onto the new Halo pressure sensitive button built into the display. In China, the smartphone has been introduced as Meizu S6 (aka Charm Blue S6).. The Meizu M6s has been announced in two variants in China. The Meizu M6S price starts at CNY 999 (roughly Rs. 9,900 ) for the 3GB RAM/ 32GB storage model and goes up to CNY 1,199 (roughly Rs. 11,900) for the 3GB RAM/ 64GB storage model. The two storage variants launched in China will be made available in Champagne Gold, Matte Black, Moon Silver, and Cobalt Blue colour variants. The smartphone is already up for registrations, and goes on sale from 10am on Friday, January 19 via Lynx, Suning, and Jingdong, before being made available via the Meizu Store on Saturday, January 20, and offline retailers soon after.. The dual-SIM Meizu M6s runs Android 7.1.2 Nougat with Flyme OS 6.2 on top. The smartphone sports a 5.7-inch (1440 ~CHECK~ 720 pixels) HD+ 2.5D curved glass in-cell display. The screen boasts of 450 nits brightness, wide viewing angles and 1000:1 contrast ratio. The smartphone is powered by a hexa-core (two Cortex-A73 cores clocked at 2.0GHz and four Cortex-A53 cores clocked at 1.6GHz) Samsung Exynos 7872 SoC with Mali-G71 GPU coupled with 3GB RAM. Meizu claims it is the first-ever device to come with the 14nm Samsung Exynos 7872 SoC.. The Meizu M6s features the Super mBack or Halo button to navigate the phone. The button includes the features of the older-generation mBack button with the help of a small halo on the screen. The company is touting the use of a pressure sensor display to enable all the gesture support. The mTouch fingerprint scanner on the Meizu M6s is positioned on the right side of the handset, on the power button.. In the camera department, the Meizu M6s features a rear camera with 16-megapixel Samsung CMOS lens with f/2.0 aperture and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera with f/2.0 aperture and 'adaptive beauty technology, also called as. ArcSoft Beauty Algorithm Adaptive Skinning Technology. The rear camera also comes with a dual-tone LED flash, 5P lens, and CMOS sensor.. As we mentioned, there are two inbuilt storage variants available for the Meizu M6s - 32GB and 64GB. Connectivity options on the Meizu M6s include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, and Bluetooth 4.2. Sensors on board include accelerometer, gyroscope, ambient light sensor, digital compass, and proximity (infrared) sensor. The Meizu bears a 3000mAh battery. It measures 152x72.5x8mm (height x width x thickness) and weigh 160 grams.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Meizu M6s With 18:9 Display, Super mBack Button Launched: Price, Specifications, Features. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Meizu , Meizu M6s , Meizu M6s price , Meizu M6s specifications , Meizu S6. Oracle Issues Critical Security Patch for Meltdown, Spectre Chip Flaws. Oppo A83 With 13-Megapixel Camera, Face Unlock Launched in India: Price, Specifications. Meizu M6s With 18:9 Display, Super mBack Button Launched: Price, Specifications, Features. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Meizu M6S Official Teaser Contains On-Screen Fingerprint Icon; In-Display Fingerprint Tech?. by Jed John 1 month ago 0. Meizu has commenced the release of daily countdown teasers for the M6S, also called. mBlu S6, which is expected to be launched on January 17. The company has already released two teasers and the first could be of interest as it seems to point at the presence of an on-screen fingerprint sensor. Recall that a leaked video. of the Meizu M6S in action had suggested that there may be a new unlock method which seems to be on the screen. This is despite the sighting of a side-mounted fingerprint sensor on the device.. It is very much unlikely that the Meizu M6S would feature two types of. fingerprint sensors, one on the screen and another at the side. There could be another explanation for the teaser. The teaser noted a change in the fingerprint sensor due to the device having a full-screen design. Since the smartphone is a full-screen one, the trademark Meizu mBack. home button which doubles as a fingerprint sensor is absent. The picture shows a fingerprint icon on the screen of the device and that is what sends the impression that there could be an. However, the way the hand grips the smartphone may also be indicative of the side-mounted fingerprint sensor while the fingerprint icon on the screen may just be there to give a clue that the teaser is referring. We already know Vivo is the first to use the. from Synaptics on its smartphone but there hasn’t been any word on Meizu using a similar technology.. Meizu mBlu S6 Video Leaks Showcasing On-Screen Buttons & Possibly New Unlock Pattern. As a reminder, Meizu M6S or. mBlu S6 is expected to feature an expansive 5.7-inch 18:9 display with an HD= resolution of 1440 x 720p. The back features the U-shaped antenna band design while at the rear is the mBlu logo, which confirms that the S6 will be the first mBlu branded smartphone to be released by the company. are located on the left side of the device while at the right side, you’ll find. a power button and side-mounted fingerprint sensor. The M6S will be fired up by an Hexa-core Exynos 7872 (4 x A53 + 2 x A73) chip which is also one of the teasers released by Meizu on its Blue Charm account. Mali-G71 GPU while the processor is paired with a 3GB RAM and there is 32GB of storage. In addition, there is a 3000mAh battery with 9V / 2A 18W fast charging support. See the full teaser poster below.. Tags: Meizu Meizu M6S Meizu M6s features Meizu M6s launch Meizu M6S teasers Meizu mblu S6. Seasoned tech writer at Gizmochina with a keen interest in smartphones and other tech gadgets; Robots, VR, drones, AR, and lots. Follow me on Twitter - @jedi_ikoba or on Google+ Jed Ikoba. Huawei's CEO Reveals Its Next Flagships Could Bring a DSLR-like Camera Experience. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime 2018 Hits GFXBench, Launch Set For January 17 In India. Meizu M6 Note 4GB + 64GB Variant Gets A 500 Yuan Price Cut, Now ¥1199 (~$189). Meizu X2 With Snapdragon 845 Launching in 2018 End for 2,999 Yuan (~$473), Confirms Meizu VP. Meizu E3 Will be As Powerful as Smartisan Nuts Pro 2, Claims Meizu VP Li Nan. Phone Finder Newsletter Latest Popular. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get Heavy Discounts On Various Home Appliances On Banggood Sony Shaves Off Some Bezels On The Xperia XZ2 & Xperia XZ2 Compact Samsung’s Foldable Phone Likely to Arrive as New Series. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S Is Launching On March 27: First AnTuTu Score Confirms SD845’s Powerful Performance List of Snapdragon 845 2018 Models & Their Launch Dates Just Leaked on Weibo Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Hitting China With Different Camera Configuration. Gizmochina is a technical blog about products in China and subculture which includes smartphones, electronical gadgets, and everything else that comes under the genre.. About US Join the Team Privacy Policy Contact us. Leave this field empty if you're human:. News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles Meizu M6s. $156.00 Brand: Meizu Category: Mobiles. Phone Memory : 32GB/ 64GB. OS : Android OS v7.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 8.1 4.1 1. Display 8 / 10. RAM 8 / 10. Processor 8 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Connectivity 9 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. Performance 8 / 10. Design 8 / 10. The Meizu M6s smartphone was launched in Jan-2018. The device comes in Black, Blue, Silver and gold colors. It comes with a price tag of Rs. The smartphone features a 5.7-inch IPS LCD, 18:9 aspect ratio display with a screen resolution of 1440 x 720 pixels.. The device has a Hexa-core Exynos 7872 processor with Mali G71 MP3 GPU and 3GB of RAM. The Meizu M6s smartphone comes with a 32GB/ 64GB of inbuilt memory which can expandable up to 256GB memory via microSD card expansion.. It runs Android 7.0 Nougat OS with Flyme UI 6.2 and comes with a 3000mAH battery. The device sports a 16MP rear camera with LED flash and an 8MP front camera as well. It also houses a Fingerprint scanner.. The device connectivity option includes Bluetooth v4.2, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, 4G, Hybrid Dual Sim and micro USB port. The handset measures 152 mm x 72.5 mm x 8 mm and weighs 160g.. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 152 mm x 72.5 mm 8 mm. Black Blue Gold Silver. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. -18:9 aspect ratio -Corning Gorilla glass -Eye care mode. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Dedicated slot Dedicated slot refers to a non-hybrid slot i.e. u can use two sim cards as well as a micro sd memory card at the same time. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Compass Ambient light Fingerprint. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Android OS v7.0 with Flyme UI 6.2. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus PADF sensor HDR Touch focus Face detection Panorama. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, WiFi direct. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. 42.2 Mbps (HSDPA), 5.76 Mbps;(HSUPA), LTE. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. Meizu M6s - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Meizu 15 Plus 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu MX7 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Pro 7 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Legent Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu E3 $225.00 View specs →. Meizu S 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu A5 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M5S Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M5c full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Pro 7 Plus full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Max 2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu X2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu 15 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M6 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M2E full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00 Nokia 8 Sirocco $924.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone Xc Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 71. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1395 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Download: Last Snapchat APK before the Ugly Redesign. How to Install Pre-Release Android Oreo on the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge. How to Customize the Google Pixel 2 Always On Display’s Brightness without Root. How to change the Notification Snooze Durations on Android 8.1 Oreo without Root. Enable Google Camera HDR+ and EIS on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without Root. How to Enable Camera2 API on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without disabling OTA updates. Click “Add Devices” to add your devices for quick access here!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Buy and sell gently used phones. Please enable JavaScript to view comments.. Meizu Introduces the M6s with a Side-Mounted Fingerprint Scanner. On Tuesday, China-based smartphone maker Meizu announced the successor to last year’s Meizu M5s — the M6S — and it’s a massive improvement. Just about every element of the M6s has been upgraded,. from the system-on-chip to the modem, display, and more.. Meizu has switched to the Samsung Exynos. 5 7872 in the M6s from the Meizu M5s’s MediaTek MT6753 — it’s Samsung’s first mid-range system-on-chip to pair four ARM high-performance Cortex A73 cores with the usual two A53 cores. configuration runs at respectively 2.0 and 1.6GHz, and is expected to see massive performance gains over its predecessor, which had A53 cores clocked at 1.3GHz. The GPU has also been upgraded to the Mali G71MP1, which is clocked at 1.2GHz.. Samsung’s 14nm chip isn’t the M6s’s only headlining feature. Its fingerprint sensor is on the side, right below the power switch, and the phone’s body sports a “sandblasted” metal build and 2.5D glass. The M6s has the same 3GB LPDD3 RAM as its. predecessor, but the internal storage has been bumped to 32GB and 64GB, depending on the model. The phone’s display, meanwhile, is now 5.7-inch IPS LCD panel that’s the same HD+ (1440×720). resolution the Meizu M5s’s screen, but with the 18:9 aspect ratio made popular by phones like the Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG V30.. The Meizu M6s uses Samsung’s integrated modem (with support for 2G/3G/ and 4G LTE Cat. 7 wireless) and has two NanoSIM slots for folks who need to switch networks. In terms of cameras, the back of the Meuzi M6s houses a 16MP f/2.0 Samsung sensor and the front has a 8MP selfie camera with facial recognition. microUSB 2.0 — you won’t find a USB Type-C port — but the battery is larger than last year’s at 3,070mAh. (Meizu says it should allow for about nine hours of video playback.). The Meizu M6s will ship with Flyme OS 6, which is based on Android 7.0 Nougat, and the 32GB and 64GB models will retail for RMB 999/127 Euro ($155) and RMB. 1199/152 Euro ($189), respectively, later this year.. Source: Meizu Via: AnandTech. Want more posts like this delivered to your inbox? Enter your email to be subscribed to our newsletter.. Frequency - Select - XDA News Daily XDA News Weekly. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. When I am passionate about something, I go all in and thrive on having my finger on the pulse of what is happening in that industry. This has transitioned over the years from PCs and video games, but for close to a decade now all of my attention has gone toward smartphones and Android.. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Meizu M6S Hits Geekbench, 3GB Of RAM & Android Nougat In Tow. January 12, 2018 - Written By Kristijan Lucic. The Meizu M6S is the company’s upcoming smartphone which will launch on January 17 , as per the company’s confirmation, and that phone has just surfaced on Geekbench. If you take a look at the Geekbench listing, which has been included down below, you will be able to see some of the phone’s specs, along with its single-core and multi-core benchmarks. This listing confirms that the Meizu M6S will ship with Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box, while Meizu’s Flyme skin will ship on top of it.. This listing also confirmed that the device will pack in 3GB of RAM, and that it will be fueled by a hexa-core processor clocked at 1.6GHz. Based on the previously leaked info, the SoC that we’re looking at here is the Exynos 7872 64-bit hexa-core processor from Samsung. The Meizu M6S managed to score 1,312 points in the single-core benchmark on Geekbench, while it reached 3,134 points in the multi-core test. The Meizu M6S definitely won’t be a high-end smartphone, or anything of the sort, but it will be a solid mid-range option based on the leaked info. That being said, the device will not sport a physical home key below its display like its predecessors, the company has decided to trim down bezels a bit, and the device will utilize on-screen button(s) instead, and when it comes to its design, it resembles the Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus from the front. A fingerprint scanner may be included on the side of the device, but we’re still not sure, and the phone will be made out of metal. There’s a good chance this phone will carry Meizu’s ‘mBlu’ branding, which means that it may not be released as the Meizu M6S, but those are only rumors, it remains to be seen what will happen.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. This smartphone is also rumored to become the company’s first smartphone to ship with an 18:9 display, and if it ends up sporting a side-facing fingerprint scanner, it will be the first Meizu-branded phone to sport that as well. The device got certified by TENAA (China’s equivalent to the FCC) recently, and that is more or less it. It is also worth noting that the company’s Meizu 15 Plus flagship will launch in Sprint of 2018, but before that happens, we’ll see what the Meizu M6S has to offer.. Most Android OEMs Still Not Interested In 3D Sensing: Report. Alleged HTC U12 Leaks With Four Cameras, Extremely Thin Body. Android News , Chinese Smartphones , Meizu. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The M6s is the first in the Meizu line-up to sport an 18×9 screen aspect ratio. This gives the M6s a larger 5.7-inch display compared to the 5.2-inch of M6 but on the same body. The M6s sports the same familiar look in an all-metal unibody design. What’s kind of unique to the Meizu M6s is the dedicated fingerprint scanner that is placed on the right side of the device, much like how Sony does it with their flagship Xperia devices.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Unboxing Meizu M6s Silver 3GB Ram 32GB Memory, Finally 😁. Meizu M6s Full Review & First look | Meizu's first 18:9 ratio Smartphone [4k]. Meizu M6 Note vs Xiaomi Mi A1: Best Budget Android Phones in 2017. Meizu M6S vs Xiaomi Redmi 5: Compare Best Budget 18:9 Phones of 2018. Meizu M6s vs Xiaomi Mi6 Speed Test. BLU VIVO X HANDS ON REVIEW. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus vs Meizu M6s {Full Side By Side Review}. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus vs Meizu m6s (Compare) Speed & Camera Test. Dual Unboxing in Meizu M6s & Meizu M6!!!!!!. Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock Demo and Comparison. Oppo F5 Youth Hands On Review : First Impression. Honor View 10 review: a OnePlus 5T challenger emerges?. Meizu M6s vs Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus | Exynos 7872 vs Snapdragon 625 : Antutu Benchmark Battle.. Doogee BL12000 Pro Review: The Biggest Battery Ever Built In A Smartphone?. Meizu M6s svs Meizu M6 Note Dual Unboxing & Compare!. OPPO A83 Review: Pint Sized Selfie Expert?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
News Meizu M6s with 18:9 display, Exynos SoC launched: Price, specifications, features. Meizu M6s with 18:9 display, Exynos SoC launched: Price, specifications, features. Meizu M6s features a fingerprint sensor placed on the side panel.. Published: January 17, 2018 2:51 PM IST. As expected , Meizu has today launched its first smartphone of 2018. The Meizu M6s has been launched in China, but there’s no word yet about an international launch. Here’s everything you need to know about the new Meizu M6s.. As you would expect from a 2018 smartphone, the Meizu M6s’ highlight is its 18:9 aspect ratio screen. It flaunts a 5.7-inch in-cell display with HD+ (1440×720 pixels) resolution and 450 nits brightness. There are very thin bezels surrounding the screen, and it’s wrapped under 2.5D curved glass.. As far as the rest of the specifications go, the Meizu M6s comes with Samsung’s Exynos 7872 hexa-core SoC that comes with four Cortex A53 efficient cores, and two Core A73 performance cores. The chipset is paired with Mali G71 GPU.. The smartphone has been launched in two variants – 32GB and 64GB. Both variants come with 3GB of RAM.. For photography, the smartphone is equipped with a 16-megapixel primary camera with f/2.0 aperture, PDAF and HDR support. For selfies, there’s an 8-megapixel camera up front with f/2.0 aperture, intelligent facial brightness enhancement, and an adaptive beauty mode.. Making sure everything ticks is a 3,000mAh battery that is claimed to be good enough to offer up to 9.5 hours of video playback. fast charging support, and Meizu says that it can be charged up to 50 percent in 30 minutes. On the software front, the device runs Android OS wrapped under Flyme 6.2 UI.. We've put the fingerprint sensor on the side of the device. — Ard Boudeling (@ArdCB) January 17, 2018. The Meizu M6s is also equipped with a fingerprint sensor on the side panel. Despite the odd position, the company says that the sensor feels natural in day-to-day usage, and can unlock the device in just 0.2 seconds. Another interesting feature is what Meizu calls ‘Super mBack’. Essentially, there’s a dedicated sensor chip and vibration motor placed towards the bottom of the display. Navigation is taken care of with simple gestures.. This is the Halo button of the Meizu MX2… pic.twitter.com/LcaV32jqfU. — MEIZU M-series (@MEIZU) January 17, 2018. The Meizu M6s 64GB variant is priced at RMB 1,199 (approximately Rs 12,000), while the 32GB variant is priced at RMB 999 (approximately Rs 10,000). The company has also launched a range of cases for the new smartphone, which are priced from RMB 49 (approximately Rs 480).. The M6s will be going on sale from January 19 via Chinese retailers like Meizu Mall, Lynx, and Suning. Buyers will be able to choose from four color options – black, blue, gray, and gold. As mentioned, there’s currently no word on when Meizu will launch the M6s in other countries, including India.. Published Date: January 17, 2018 2:51 PM IST. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9 launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. Meizu VP Li Nan confirms launch of X2 this year. Meizu E3 specifications, features leaked ahead of March 6 launch. Meizu E3 leaked photos show off 18:9 display, dual rear cameras, side-mounted fingerprint scanner. Gionee India operations may be affected amidst financial woes. Meizu E3 with metal body, dual-camera setup leaked. MWC 2018: ZTE ने लॉन्च किये अपने ZTE Blade V9 और Blade V9 Vita स्मार्टफोन. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: सोनी ने लॉन्च किया Xperia Ear Duo ईयरबड. वोडाफोन ने स्पेशल एडीशन के साथ पेश किया कैम्पस सरवाइवल किट. एप्पल iPhone X पर मिल रहा 20,000 रुपए का बायबैक आॅफर. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
About Us Contact Us Media Kit Archives Corrections Disclaimer Careers Terms Privacy policy. To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how.. subscribe CMC sites crossmap gnl. Meizu M6s Specs, Release Date: Device Gets TENAA Certified, Boasts Flagship-Bordering Features (Photo: Meizu) The Meizu M5s.. Share on facebook Share on twitter. Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit. By Janna Dela Cruz , Christian Post Contributor | Jan 7, 2018 10:15 AM. With its imminent release fast approaching, the highly anticipated Meizu M6s is in the final stages of the process a mobile device has to go through before it is officially brought to market.. The new Meizu handset recently got certified by the Chinese certification agency TENAA. 17 release date as previously announced.. The Meizu M6s will be the first offering in the Blue Charm or mBlu brand to be released in China. Such branding can be seen on the back of the smartphone in one of the images provided by TENAA.. The specs and features were also revealed on its listing from the Chinese authority, confirming the details provided on a Geekbench benchmark leak that emerged a day prior.. Apart from being the first mblu device in China, the Meizu M6s, despite being a midranger, will be the first from the company to debut the coveted 18:9 display that will measure at 5.7 inches with 1,440 x 720 screen resolution.. Based on the TENAA images, the bezels will still feel chunky compared to other smartphones adopting the bezel-free design though. The Meizu M6s has a fingerprint sensor in an interesting location â on the right-hand side just below the power button.. Under the hood is the Exynos 7872 processor by Samsung paired with the Mali-G71 central processing unit (CPU), 3 GB of random-access memory (RAM) and 32 GB of storage, a setup that should make for a snappy performance for a midrange device.. The Meizu M6s will be equipped a 3,000 mAh battery and users will likely have no issues of running out of juice with the device carrying 18W fast charging support for. Overall, the handset is packing a solid configuration not often seen in a mid-tier mobile device.. Interested users will be able to pick up the Meizu M6s for around CNY 1,000, which is approximately $154 or â¬127 at the current exchange rates.. Share on facebook Share on twitter. Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit. Most Popular Sponsored Article MUST READ. Televangelist Benny Hinn Admits Going Too Far With Prosperity Gospel in Wake of Billy Graham's Death. Megyn Kelly Says Kathie Lee Gifford Has Been Sharing Jesus With Her Behind Cameras. 12 Tributes to Billy Graham: 'The Finest Man I Ever Knew'. Billy Graham Remembered by Close Family: 7 Reactions Reveal Surprises, Passion, Question for World. Billy Graham: 10 Fascinating Facts About 'America's Pastor'. Ten Free Full-Length Films Perfect for Valentine's Day 2018. Best Family Movies on Pure Flix: Tips for Protecting Your Kids in an X-Rated Culture. Ten Popular Free Faith and Family Films from Pure Flix. Pure Flix Movie Guide: Ten Free Movies to Inspire Your Whole Family. Pure Flix Movie List: Ten Free Films and Original Series Impacting Culture for Christ. 'Samson' Actor Shares Christian Practice He Will Continue After Working on Biblical Film. NewsBoys Discuss Their Racial Differences and the Power of Unity as They Embark on New Tour. Lakewood Church Marriage Pastors Reveal the No. 1 Issue in Christian Relationships and How to Combat It (Interview). What Are Christians Facing in Nepal? Nation Debuts on List of Worst Persecutors. Sharing the Gospel Anew: 3 Successful Bible Kickstarter Campaigns Share Advice, Challenges. How Churches Have Buried a Devastating Legacy of Clergy Sexual Abuse and the Movement Pushing to End the Cycle. © 2018 The Christian Post , INC. The Christian Post is part of CMC. 
About Us Contact Us Media Kit Archives Corrections Disclaimer Careers Terms Privacy policy. To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how.. subscribe CMC sites crossmap gnl. Meizu M6s Specs, Release Date: Leaked Images Reveal Design That Sets It Apart From the Rest (Photo: Meizu) The Meizu M5s.. Share on facebook Share on twitter. Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit. By Janna Dela Cruz , Christian Post Contributor | Nov 29, 2017 8:00 PM. Meizu is reportedly working on a new addition to the M6 family called the Meizu M6s.. That same smartphone appeared in a couple of brand-new. in which it showed off what appears to be a FullView display, making the handset the first in the series to come with an 18:9 screen.. In line with this, the bezels on the top and bottom of the Meizu M6s are much thinner compared with the ones found on its M6-branded siblings. The sides are very slim as well.. There is no home button on the front, but the Meizu M6s did sport onscreen buttons. This design also required the fingerprint scanner to be moved to an interesting location â to the right-hand side of the frame, below the power button.. According to GSM Arena , it will likely double as a shortcut for enabling UI-specific gestures. Whatever additional functions it gets, this makes for an interesting way to make the bezel-less design possible while still keeping the biometric component.. Since the rise of the bezel-free mobile trend, manufacturers had to get creative in integrating a fingerprint sensor to their products with tall displays. After all, the technology that will allow them to put it underneath the display is yet to be perfected.. Majority of them often placed the component on the back of the smartphone. This was the case for the Meizu M6 Note released last August.. Some were not successful in doing so as Samsung is still receiving flak for the awkward placement of the fingerprint sensor on the Galaxy S8 duo and Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Either way, Meizu found a unique way to incorporate the component to their upcoming smartphone.. The Meizu M6s is expected to be unveiled on Dec. 20, just 10 months after the release of its predecessor, the Meizu M5s.. Share on facebook Share on twitter. Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit. Most Popular Sponsored Article MUST READ. Televangelist Benny Hinn Admits Going Too Far With Prosperity Gospel in Wake of Billy Graham's Death. Megyn Kelly Says Kathie Lee Gifford Has Been Sharing Jesus With Her Behind Cameras. 12 Tributes to Billy Graham: 'The Finest Man I Ever Knew'. Billy Graham Remembered by Close Family: 7 Reactions Reveal Surprises, Passion, Question for World. Billy Graham: 10 Fascinating Facts About 'America's Pastor'. Ten Free Full-Length Films Perfect for Valentine's Day 2018. Best Family Movies on Pure Flix: Tips for Protecting Your Kids in an X-Rated Culture. Ten Popular Free Faith and Family Films from Pure Flix. Pure Flix Movie Guide: Ten Free Movies to Inspire Your Whole Family. Pure Flix Movie List: Ten Free Films and Original Series Impacting Culture for Christ. 'Samson' Actor Shares Christian Practice He Will Continue After Working on Biblical Film. NewsBoys Discuss Their Racial Differences and the Power of Unity as They Embark on New Tour. Lakewood Church Marriage Pastors Reveal the No. 1 Issue in Christian Relationships and How to Combat It (Interview). What Are Christians Facing in Nepal? Nation Debuts on List of Worst Persecutors. Sharing the Gospel Anew: 3 Successful Bible Kickstarter Campaigns Share Advice, Challenges. How Churches Have Buried a Devastating Legacy of Clergy Sexual Abuse and the Movement Pushing to End the Cycle. © 2018 The Christian Post , INC. The Christian Post is part of CMC. 
Home >> Phones >> Meizu >>M6s. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Meizu M6s is a Smartphone Powered by Flyme OS 6.2 based on Android 7.1.2 Nougat and 16MP primary camera with dual-tone led flash.. Also available with 64GB on-board storage.. - 2.0GHz MT6750 Hexa-Core Exynos 7872 Processor. - 3GB RAM With 32/64GB ROM. - 16MP Rear Camera With Dual-Tone LED Flash. - 3070 MAh Battery With Fast Charging.. Champagne Gold, Matte Black, Moonlight Silver and Cobalt Blue. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Meizu M6s User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Skip to content Skip to secondary menu Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer. Home Apple Android Deals Gadgets Technology Hardware Gaming Cars. Meizu M6s Smartphone Gets Official Primary Sidebar. 10:29 am January 17, 2018 By Roland Hutchinson. Filed Under: Android News , Mobile Phone News Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals. We have been hearing lots of rumors about the new Meizu M6s , the handset is now official and we have all the details on this new smartphone.. The Meizu M6s is equipped with a 5.7 inch display that feature a HD+ resolution of 1440 x 720 pixels and the device is powered by a Samsung Exynos 7872 processor.. The handset comes with 3GB of RAM and a choice of 32GB or 64GB of included storage, the device also comes with a 3000 mAh battery and high end cameras on the front and back.. On the front of the handset there is an 8 megapixel camera that has been designed for Selfies on the back of the device there is a 16 megapixel camera for photos and videos. The device has a fast charging feature and it will give you a 30% charge in just 15 minutes.. The Meizu M6s will launch on the 19th of January 2018 and the 32GB models will cost thre equivalent of $155 and the 64GB model the equivalent of $186.. Top News Samsung Galaxy S9 Shown Off On Video Archos Hello Android Home Assistant Unveiled At MWC 2018 Huawei MediaPad M5 Tablet Range Unveiled Powered By Kirin 960 Samsung Galaxy S9 And S9 Plus Up For Pre-order At Vodafone. Apple News High End Apple Over The Ear Headphones In The Works Apple AirPower Wireless Charger May Launch Next Month iOS 11.3 Beta 3 vs iOS 11.2.6 Speed Test (Video) iOS 11.2.6 vs iOS 11.2.5 Speed Test (Video) New Apple AirPods To Come With Siri Voice Activation And More. Technology News Airbus Drone Taxi Takes To The Air For 53 Seconds AMD Embedded Processors EPYC 3000 And Ryzen V1000 Launch Discover Wonders STEM Talking Books For Children Bosch Announces Global Investment in Ultimaker 3 Extended Printer Qualcomm Mobile VR Headset Teased Ahead Of MWC 2018. Android News Sony Xperia XZ2 And XZ2 Compact Coming To Vodafone And EE Samsung Galaxy S9 Shown Off On Video Archos Hello Android Home Assistant Unveiled At MWC 2018 Huawei MediaPad M5 Tablet Range Unveiled Powered By Kirin 960 Samsung Galaxy S9 And S9 Plus Up For Pre-order At Vodafone. About Us About Geeky Gadgets Advertise On Geeky Gadgets Archives Contact Us Cookies And Privacy Disclosure Policy Free Newsletter Geeky Gadgets Logo Site Map. Auto News Camera News Concepts & Design Entertainment News Design News Geeky Stuff Apple iPad Apple iPhone Mobile Phone News Tablet News. Copyright 2007 - 2017 Geeky Gadgets. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300). 154.6 x 75.2 x 8.4 mm (6.09 x 2.96 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 82.6 cm 2 (~71.0% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~403 ppi density). 16/64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Dual: 12 MP (f/1.9, 1/2.6", 1.4 µm, Dual Pixel PDAF) + 5 MP (f/2.0, AF), phase detection autofocus, quad-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M6 Note - user opinions and reviews. Dont think so, I believe bands are hardare specific and can't be changed via software.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Meizu M6s Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Meizu M6. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. $149.00 Brand: Meizu Category: Mobiles. Processor Samsung 14nm Exynos 7872 Processor. Storage 32GB / 64GB. Display 5.7-inches full HD+ display. Camera 8MP / 16MP. Battery 3,000 mAh capacity. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 5.7-inch screen with HD+ resolution (1440 x 720 pixels) 18:9 display. CPU The main chipset of the device.. Cortex-A73, clocked at 2.0 GHz, Cortex-A53 at 1.6 GHz. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Meizu M6s - REVIEWS Village pura Add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. The overall rating is based on 1 reviews by users.. > 10.0. Design 10 / 10. Display 10 / 10. Camera 10 / 10. Features 10 / 10. Connectivity 10 / 10. Usability 10 / 10. Performance 10 / 10. Battery 10 / 10. Post a Review Please not that each user review reflects the opinion of it's respectful author.. Meizu M6s Banti Kumar Posted on Feb 11, 2018 at 1:16 pm. 10.0 5.0 5. Village pura post khaddi lodipur ps telhara. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Meizu M5S 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M2 note 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu MX5e 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu m3 Max 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu MX 0 Reviews View specs →. MEIZU PRO 6 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2018. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Meizu M6S aka mblu 6S gets certified by TENAA: Design, features and more. Meizu M6S aka mblu 6S gets certified by TENAA: Design, features and more. The details on TENAA subsequently confirm some of the previous rumors surrounding the Meizu M6S.. Updated: Monday, January 15, 2018, 1:49 [IST]. Meizu will unveil its latest smartphone, the M6s aka mblu S6 on January 17. Interestingly, this smartphone will also be the first model to come with the new mblu brand most probably in China. The Blue Charm line got spun off into its own division. As such, the smartphone will also be called mblu S6, but it will depend on the market as well.. Having said that, the Meizu smartphone has been subject to rumors and leaks in the past couple of days. Recently the smartphone appeared on ANTUTU ahead of the launch and now the handset has just received certification from TENAA, the Chinese Certification site.. And with this appearance, it yet again confirms the old rumors and previous leaks. Further now we get to see how the device looks from the pictures and the specs of the device have been outed as well.. So going by the TENAA listing, Meizu's first handset for 2018 will come with an 18:9 screen and it will be a mid-ranger as its branding implies. The handset features a 5.7-inch 1,440x720 display and is powered by Samsung's Exynos 7872 SoC coupled with a Mali-G71 CPU. The smartphone offers 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. It will be backed by a 3000mAh battery with support for 18W fast charging. It will run on Android Nougat 7.0 with the company's custom FlyMe OS 6.0 on top.. As for the image, it reveals that the mblu S6 will not come with the popular mBack home button. Since the phone comes with a full-screen design users will basically have to rely on on-screen buttons for navigation.. The front of the phone looks quite similar to the Redmi 5 Plus, with a big display. Coming to the back, the device features the U-shaped antenna bands, there is the mblu logo, along with a single camera and a flash.. On the left side, there are the volume control buttons while on the right there is the power button. Just below the power button, there seems to be a side mounted fingerprint sensor. The dual-SIM handset should also come with standard features like 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS + GLONASS.. The Meizu M6S is expected to be priced similarly like the Redmi 5 smartphones, so that will be around CNY 1000 (that's roughly $154 or €127 or Rs. 9,760 as per the current exchange rates).. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. meizu | Meizu M6S | smartphones | mobiles | news. Sony has a surprise launch for MWC 2018: Three Xperia models incoming Huawei to launch MediaPad M5 10” tablet at MWC; price and features Oppo A71 (2018) review: Is it a worthy upgrade over its predecessor?. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
Skip to content Skip to secondary menu Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer. Home Apple Android Deals Gadgets Technology Hardware Gaming Cars. Meizu M6s Specs Leaked Ahead Of Launch Primary Sidebar. 12:19 pm January 16, 2018 By Roland Hutchinson. Filed Under: Android News , Mobile Phone News Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals. The Meizu M6s will launch on the 17th of January and now come specifications and also the design of the handset have been leaked ahead of launch.. The handset will come with a 5.7 inch display with a HD+ resolution of 1440 x 720 pixels and the device will a hexa core processor and 3GB of RAM.. Other specifications on the Meizu M6s. will include 3GB of RAM and 32GB or 64GB of included storage and front and rear cameras.. The front camera on the handset will come with an 8 megapixel sensor for video chats and Selfies and on the back of the device there will be a 16 megapixel camera for photos and videos. The device will come with the company’s Flyme OS which is based on Android 7.0 Nougat .. We will have details about pricing and also a release date when the handset is made official tomorrow.. Top News Samsung Galaxy S9 Shown Off On Video Archos Hello Android Home Assistant Unveiled At MWC 2018 Huawei MediaPad M5 Tablet Range Unveiled Powered By Kirin 960 Samsung Galaxy S9 And S9 Plus Up For Pre-order At Vodafone. Apple News High End Apple Over The Ear Headphones In The Works Apple AirPower Wireless Charger May Launch Next Month iOS 11.3 Beta 3 vs iOS 11.2.6 Speed Test (Video) iOS 11.2.6 vs iOS 11.2.5 Speed Test (Video) New Apple AirPods To Come With Siri Voice Activation And More. Technology News Airbus Drone Taxi Takes To The Air For 53 Seconds AMD Embedded Processors EPYC 3000 And Ryzen V1000 Launch Discover Wonders STEM Talking Books For Children Bosch Announces Global Investment in Ultimaker 3 Extended Printer Qualcomm Mobile VR Headset Teased Ahead Of MWC 2018. Android News Sony Xperia XZ2 And XZ2 Compact Coming To Vodafone And EE Samsung Galaxy S9 Shown Off On Video Archos Hello Android Home Assistant Unveiled At MWC 2018 Huawei MediaPad M5 Tablet Range Unveiled Powered By Kirin 960 Samsung Galaxy S9 And S9 Plus Up For Pre-order At Vodafone. About Us About Geeky Gadgets Advertise On Geeky Gadgets Archives Contact Us Cookies And Privacy Disclosure Policy Free Newsletter Geeky Gadgets Logo Site Map. Auto News Camera News Concepts & Design Entertainment News Design News Geeky Stuff Apple iPad Apple iPhone Mobile Phone News Tablet News. Copyright 2007 - 2017 Geeky Gadgets. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. 
Log in Sign up. Meizu M6S emerges in hands-on video. The next year is just around the corner, and one of the first phones to arrive might be the Meizu M6S. The phone appeared in a hands-on video where the screen, the back panel, and the right side were revealed.. The M6S will have a fingerprint scanner on the side, right below the power button, as previously suggested. Having the sensor there is not a new solution - Sony, ZTE and Razer have already done it. Unlike them, Meizu is separating the reader from the actual power button, building them one above the other.. The front panel is occupied mostly by the tall 18:9 display with tiny bezels on top and bottom and even tinier one on the sides. Meizu will equip the M6S with only one selfie camera.. The leakster does not reveal the back camera setup, but the back appears to be completely flat. There is a small slogan mblu by Meizu which could be a new design line for the new Meizu phones that will arrive in the first half of 2018 .. 6 new Meizu phones, including Meizu M6S, to arrive in H1 2018. Alleged Meizu M6s leaks in live images. Retail box for Meizu M6S leaks in hands-on photo. Meizu 15 Plus first images reveal no bezels from three sides. 
