Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Download: Last Snapchat APK before the Ugly Redesign. How to Install Pre-Release Android Oreo on the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge. How to Customize the Google Pixel 2 Always On Display’s Brightness without Root. How to change the Notification Snooze Durations on Android 8.1 Oreo without Root. Enable Google Camera HDR+ and EIS on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without Root. How to Enable Camera2 API on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without disabling OTA updates. Click “Add Devices” to add your devices for quick access here!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Buy and sell gently used phones. Please enable JavaScript to view comments.. The story of the Meizu MX is an interesting one. Meizu Technology is a Chinese electronics manufacturer, producing a range of products from music players to, now, smartphones. There currently is no official American or European release date for the Meizu MX. Rather, it has been released only in Hong Kong and China. However, we got our hands on one and we took it for a test drive.. There are two variants, the dual-core and the quad-core. The dual-core was released in China on February 1 of this year, and the quad-core came out June 30. However, to complicate things, both variants are called the MX. Though the Samsung Galaxy S III beat Meizu to market, the Meizu MX was the first smartphone based on the Exynos 4412 to be announced. In this review, we are examining the quad core variant.. The Meizu MX comes neatly packaged in a white box. When you enter the box, you have a neatly placed power adapter and a cardboard-backed book. As you turn through the book it talks about the MX’s features. Then you will find the MX at the end of the “book” like some sort of electronic prize.. The Exynos 4412 quad-core chip is the star of this hardware build. Being the flagship system-on-chips offering used in Samsung’s Galaxy S III, it’s a solid performer. The 4-inch 960 x 640 ASV (“advanced super view”) display with a reported 16 million colors is bright and smooth. Animations and videos look great, and are not choppy on this device. The 8 megapixel camera with full High Definition video recording abilities is satisfying. Quick snaps and videos are pleasing, and would make any Instagrammer jealous.. The battery life is good, going two days between charges with moderate use. The white plastic shell can be removed with the included case removal tool. And the battery is accessible, however it is not changeable. If you want to pop open the case and change batteries to continue use of the MX, you are out of luck. However, it could be possible for a knowledgeable user to replace the battery if were to go flat.. The Meizu MX uses a microSIM card, has a gyroscope among other sensors, and a dual-microphone for noise reduction. The MX supports Bluetooth and USB Host mode via its micro USB port.. The Meizu MX is running Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich. with a specialized skin dubbed “Flyme OS.” This simple customization of Android is decent and doesn’t introduce any lag. Scrolling between the home screens or web pages is smooth, and lacks any noticeable jerkiness. Graphics are appealing and the layout is intuitive. Flyme includes the Flyme Store, although I’m not certain that’s what it’s called because I don’t read Chinese. Browsing the Google Play store works, though I had some issues accessing and installing certain apps. However, fear not avian flinging addicts; I was able to install Angry Birds.. The battery charging animation places a battery icon in the middle of a screen. Bubbles then float from the USB area to the battery icon. While this may not seem like an big thing, it demonstrates polish and attention to detail, which shows the level of effort that Meizu has places in creating their custom skin.. Overall, the Flyme UI is polished and nice—even if a bit fruit flavored.. Let be honest here, the Meizu MX looks very much like the iPhone 3GS. With a glossy edge-to-edge glass, and curved corners and back cover, one can easily mistake the two from a distance. Even the main button is in the same spot. The MX has a larger screen, and of course packs capacitive buttons around its main button. I was actually approached by a stranger who asked if the Meizu MX was the new iPhone 5 because it had that fruity feel, but didn’t look exactly like any of Apple’s current offerings.. That said, the weight and dimensions felt comfortable in my large hands. The screen didn’t pick up much finger grease during testing either. The back cover is snug, yet the case removal tool makes removal easily.. Even though the Meizu MX is slightly fruity, the power and refined software make use of this phone enjoyable. It’s not an object of desire like the HTC One X or the Samsung Galaxy S III. However, if I were assigned this phone for a job or given one as a sign up bonus, I would not be disappointed. This phone is a solid performer, but it may just be eclipsed by more desirable phones. That said, I think proper marketing could change that.. However, the Meizu MX isn’t available in America or Europe, which may cause it to further get lost in the shuffle. If Meizu attempted to release the MX in western countries, they will need to be prepared the face the fangs of the evil Apple lawyers.. When I first received and saw this device I was prepared to be disappointed. The more I used it, the more I came to appreciate it. All told, the functionality and hardware offered by this device is nothing to sneeze at. This is not a cheap Chinese iPhone knock off. It is a solid offering in its own right. To compare it to your pet dog, the Meizu MX wouldn’t win Best in Show, but its a reliable puppy that listens to your commands and continues to be loyal to you. If you are in a market where the Meizu is available, it is certainly worth a look.. Want more posts like this delivered to your inbox? Enter your email to be subscribed to our newsletter.. Frequency - Select - XDA News Daily XDA News Weekly. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. As the resident token curmudgeon Senior Moderator of the XDA Forums, get off his lawn. Member of XDA since the Windows Mobile days Jimmy McGee heads up the YouTube channel for XDA dubbed XDA TV. Technology Geek by trade and security analyst by training, he has a lot to say about things found on the internet, some of which can be safely ignored.. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!. The next video is starting stop. Meizu MX unboxing - Duration: 6 minutes, 7 seconds.. Краткий видеообзор смартфона meizu MX - Duration: 9 minutes, 17 seconds.. Обзор Meizu MX - внешний вид, раскрытие корпуса и ОС - Duration: 12 minutes.. Meizu MX review | Engadget - Duration: 21 minutes.. Meizu MX review: remote control demo - Duration: 105 seconds.. Meizu MX review: sample 1080p video under daylight | Engadget - Duration: 28 seconds.. Meizu MX Review - Hardware and Software - Duration: 9 minutes, 26 seconds.. Meizu MX Hands On - Duration: 3 minutes, 3 seconds.. Meizu MX review: sample 1080p video clip at night - Duration: 52 seconds.. Meizu MX with 600MHz processor speed ringhk.com - Duration: 27 seconds.. Tinhte.vn - Trên tay điện thoại Meizu MX - Duration: 5 minutes, 16 seconds.. Engadget's Meizu MX hands-on | Engadget - Duration: 2 minutes, 19 seconds.. Meizu MX review | Engadget - Duration: 21 minutes.. Meizu MX review: remote control demo - Duration: 105 seconds.. Meizu MX Review - Hardware and Software - Duration: 9 minutes, 26 seconds.. Meizu MX review: sample 1080p video under daylight | Engadget - Duration: 28 seconds.. Meizu MX Review - Duration: 6 minutes.. Meizu MX review - Duration: 4 minutes, 51 seconds.. Meizu MX review sample 1080p video under daylight YouTube - Duration: 28 seconds.. Meizu MX unboxing - Duration: 6 minutes, 7 seconds.. Meizu MX review: sample 1080p video clip at night - Duration: 52 seconds.. Review Meizu Phone - Duration: 4 minutes, 6 seconds.. Real Meizu MX the world first game reviews - Duration: 6 minutes, 7 seconds.. Meizu MX Review - Duration: 5 minutes, 22 seconds.. Spacchettamenti e Videorecensioni - Playlist. Flyme OS в Meizu MX - Duration: 6 minutes, 27 seconds.. Meizu MX Review - Duration: 6 minutes.. Meizu MX browser ringhk.com - Duration: 38 seconds.. 超HEI不專業MEIZU MX四核簡介[EP1 part1][DISCUSSxHKEPC] - Duration: 3 minutes, 46 seconds.. 魅族MX上手试用 - Duration: 3 minutes, 6 seconds.. 魅族 MX 四核評測：設定（廣東話） - Duration: 8 minutes, 16 seconds.. 魅族 MX 四核評測：系統介面（國語） - Duration: 7 minutes, 32 seconds.. Meizu MX4 - Topic - Channel. Meizu MX5 - Topic - Channel. Meizu MX4 Pro - Topic - Channel. Meizu MX3 - Topic - Channel. Meizu MX6 - Topic - Channel. Meizu M2 Note - Topic - Channel. Meizu PRO 6 - Topic - Channel. Meizu M3 Note - Topic - Channel. Meizu M2 - Topic - Channel. Meizu M1 Note - Topic - Channel. Обзор Meizu MX - внешний вид, раскрытие корпуса и ОС - Duration: 12 minutes.. Meizu MX review | Engadget - Duration: 21 minutes.. Meizu MX VS iphone 4s VS Lenovo A750 clear show you different - Duration: 5 minutes, 20 seconds.. Meizu MX Supreme Firstlook, Specs & Features - Duration: 71 seconds.. Meizu MX M353 Прошивка - Duration: 116 seconds.. 魅族 MX 四核評測：系統介面（廣東話） - Duration: 6 minutes, 34 seconds.. 魅族 MX 四核評測：系統介面（國語） - Duration: 7 minutes, 32 seconds.. Meizu MX обзор Андроид 4.2 смартфон Dual SIM - Duration: 71 seconds.. Meizu MX review | Engadget - Duration: 21 minutes.. Engadget's Meizu MX hands-on | Engadget - Duration: 2 minutes, 19 seconds.. Engadget 中文版 魅族 MX 四核體驗會 - 工程師分享（1） - Duration: 20 minutes.. Engadget 中文版 魅族 MX 四核體驗會 - 工程師分享（2） - Duration: 24 minutes.. ميزو ام اكس 5 | مواصفات ومميزات | تقرير رقمي - Duration: 101 seconds.. ميزو ام اكس 5 هاتف صاعد لكن قوي | حملة ضد مخاطر السيلفي | نشره تك #38 - Duration: 5 minutes, 59 seconds.. MEIZU MX?Star W100 MTK6589 Quad Core 1.2GHz Openning Box Reviews - Duration: 8 minutes, 45 seconds.. Meizu MX Quad Core Game Test Review - Duration: 5 minutes, 35 seconds.. Meizu Mx Quad Vs Meizu Mx Dual Core - Duration: 5 minutes, 45 seconds.. Dual core Meizu MX fully unveiled launching on January 1st with HSPA - Duration: 2 minutes, 3 seconds.. Обзор Meizu MX - распаковка - Duration: 8 minutes, 16 seconds.. Meizu MX Official Specs & Pictures! iPhone 4S Design, iPhone 4S Resolution! Copycat - Duration: 3 minutes, 56 seconds.. Meizu MX Official Specs Pictures iPhone 4S Design iPhone 4S Resolution Copycat - Duration: 3 minutes, 56 seconds.. Прошивка Meizu MX - Duration: 69 seconds.. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. The Good Meizu's MX runs a unique and capable Android skin made to look like iOS. This compact smartphone is fast, fun to use, and boasts penta-band GSM compatibility.. The Bad The Meizu MX's camera isn't quite up to the superphone camera caliber of the iPhone 4 or Android, and its China-only availability puts it out of reach for most smartphone shoppers.. The Bottom Line If you think you have no use for a Chinese iPhone clone running Android, the Meizu MX could drastically change your worldview. Despite a few quirks, the MX is a slick Android- and iOS- inspired hybrid that also flaunts a few tricks of its own.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Photo gallery: Meizu MX (unlocked). When I first learned about the Meizu MX, I admit my knee-jerk reaction was to dismiss it as yet another cheap iPhone knockoff. This is one sophisticated device, which while no doubt would be banned immediately if it came stateside, offers plenty for old Android hands and smartphone newbies alike to appreciate.. When you first see the Meizu MX, don't be alarmed if you do a double take--I certainly did. Really, this trim and polished handset could be a splitting image of an iPhone 3G or perhaps an iPod music player. The phone's front face is all-black and is sculpted in the familiar rounded curves that Apple loves to employ. Also similar to Apple's uberphone is the MX's big 960x640-pixel resolution screen that boasts the same pixel count as the iPhone's hallowed Retina Display. The Meizu's larger 4-inch real estate, though, compared with 3.7 inches, means its pixel density is lower. That said, I found the MX's screen sharp and pleasing to view with text, pictures, and wallpapers crisply rendered. Contrast was high but nowhere as saturated as AMOLED phones I've used. Plus, like typical LCDs, viewing angles deteriorate quickly when the display is tilted off-center.. Despite its blatant mimicry of a late-model iPhone, the Meizu MX's design is subtle, dare I say elegant. Above the screen is a minute VGA (0.3-megapixel) camera. Next door is a faint Meizu nameplate written in old-style Chinese characters, and underneath the display are two of the slickest capacitive buttons I've seen on a smartphone. Consisting of clusters of LED lights, or "Light Keys" as Meizu calls them, the buttons change configuration depending on what's happening on the phone's screen. For instance, within applications, the left key becomes a triangle of three dots, essentially a Back button. The right key is usually arranged in three dots in a line indicating its Menu function, but when you flip the MX between landscape and portrait modes, the keys intelligently and somewhat magically adjust their orientation accordingly. The keys also double as notification lights, pulsing gently when new e-mails or texts arrive. A more traditional raised circular Home button sits in between the MX's distinctive Light Keys.. The only other controls are a thin volume bar on the left side, Micro-USB port on the bottom, and a 3.5mm headphone jack plus tiny power button running across the top edge.. Breaking from the iPhone's design theme, the Meizu MX sports a thin metal bezel around the display along with white plastic edges and back, not the iconic chrome or glass construction. Even so, the 4.9-ounce handset has a solid heft to it and premium-feeling build quality. Measuring 4.8 inches tall by 2.5 inches deep and just 0.4 inch thick, the MX is easy to slip into pockets, too.. Of course, the unit I tested was an engineering sample and not the final run of the product. In fact Meizu told me that later devices will sport a less glossy surface and will better resist greasy fingerprints, especially the lens cover for the phone's 8-megapixel camera.. Running Gingerbread version 2.3.5, the Meizu MX on paper could be mistaken for a typical Android smartphone. That is, until you turn it on. My MX's lock screen by default featured a suspiciously OS X-like starry night sky wallpaper. A digital clock floats above cleanly drawn icons for phone and messages. And in a unique twist, tapping the phone or message icons launches these functions. Corresponding alerts, like missed calls or unread texts, will appear there, too, which is a nice touch. Dragging the padlock symbol up to the center of the screen whisks you straight to the home screen.. From here I immediately thought, "Wow, if this phone goes on sale anywhere outside of China, Meizu should brace for an instant Apple lawsuit." The interface is a hybrid of standard Android with three main home screens, which slide horizontally in iPhone fashion. There's no separate application tray, either, a staple Android feature. Instead apps are added to the home screen when installed. While this layout is uncluttered, I had issues finding key apps I knew were installed such as Gmail. In fact I had to open it from the Android Market before a shortcut would finally appear--that's disconcerting. Meizu did tell me this quirk is likely due to my MX sample being an early engineering unit. Also, Integration with social-networking sites like Facebook and Twitter could be better, too. The phone book, for example, doesn't pull in pictures or other data from these services. Again a Meizu representative urged that full Facebook syncing works just fine in final runs of the device. One neat trick, though, is the ability to create folders iOS-style for storing away shortcuts.. The Meizu MX sports an interesting lock screen that lets you jump directly to phone or messaging functions. Its wallpaper is also very iOS-like.. Could this be iOS? Nope, but the Meizu MX's horizontally scrolling home screens that lack Android's traditional app tray sure look like the iPhone's interface.. Underneath this skin, tagged Flyme by Meizu, is tried-and-true Android. With it come all the performance and communication features fanatics have come to love. The MX supports both personal e-mail and corporate exchange, plus Google accounts out of the box. There's also access to the Android Market, which is second only to Apple's App Store in terms of selection. Though just the stock Android apps come preloaded, the phone comes with a sizable 16GB helping of internal memory you can fill up yourself. Sadly there's no expansion slot for extra storage but I guess that's forgivable because of the MX's small size. Wi-Fi and Bluetooth radios are onboard, too.. Thought Meizu was done copying Apple? Think again, because launching the MX's virtual keyboard will dispel that illusion. Banging out e-mails and texts caused me to smile for two reasons, first because the layout is a doppelganger for the iPhone's, right down to pop-out typewriter keys. Second, because typing was both quick and accurate, and I particularly liked the handy Gingerbread punctuation bar above the keyboard.. Does the Meizu MX's keyboard layout look familiar? If you've ever used an iPhone it certainly will.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Meizu MX (unlocked). Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. A quick tag search for " Meizu " on Engadget takes us all the way back to April 2006, where we saw the launch of the Chinese company's M6 Mini Player with MP4 playback. But in fact, if you go as far back as early 2003 (before Engadget was even born) you'll also dig up the Meizu MX, which was eventually launched towards the end of the year. Confused? Well, bear with us here: this MX was Meizu's first ever product, a simple 128MB or 256MB MP3 player that unfortunately bore much resemblance to the Cowon iAudio CW300, albeit with different guts. Was this a case of shameless cloning or just an OEM product being rebadged? Our money's on the latter, but only with Monopoly bills. Skip past the darker times and fast forward to about nine years later, Meizu would launch another MX, but now it's a totally different animal: a 1.4GHz dual-core Android smartphone that can handle a tad more than just music playback. Of course, company founder Jack Wong and his gang aren't the only players on the paddy field, as we also have the similarly powerful Xiaomi Phone already taking the lead in the Chinese Android enthusiast market. Adding more fuel to the fire is that shortly after the Xiaomi Phone's debut, Wong responded to a related forum post by accusing a certain someone -- which is believed to be Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun -- of abusing his or her old position as an angel investor to deviously walk away with Meizu's trade secrets. Alas, we'll probably never know the truth, so we shall simply observe whether the new Meizu MX will bite back hard and good. Read on for our full review on Meizu's second Android handset.. Gallery: Meizu MX review: packaging and hardware | 43 Photos. Sharp display with slick graphicsGreat music quality through headphonesUnique casing with good build quality. Flyme OS not as intuitive as MIUINo memory expansionASV viewing angle not as good as IPS. Meizu's third-ever smartphone is its best product yet, but while it's priced attractively, there's some room for improvement.. Packaging and hardware Despite the spicy back story, there's not a sign of spitefulness on the MX's cute packaging. Unlike most smartphone boxes with vertically stacked internals, here you get a squarish faux booklet that slides out of a white cardboard sleeve, both of which proudly showing off a big gray "MX" logo bang in the middle on the front. There's also a removable blue paper band surrounding the bottom of the sleeve, though its main purpose appears to be to remind us that this is an engineering sample, so there's no telling whether the retail units will come with the same decoration. Where's the phone, you ask? Just think about how spies conceal their weapons (or in Hannibal Smith's case: cigars) inside hollow hardcover books. Yeah, it's pretty much like that with the MX: after flicking through four simplistic pages of feature highlights, you'll find the MX and its paperwork tucked inside a nicely cut compartment, while a second compartment accessible from the back contains a micro-USB cable and a Micro-to-Mini SIM adapter. In case you're wondering, yes, this pentaband (850, 900, 1,700, 1,900 and 2,100MHz) HSPA+ phone uses a Micro SIM, and you even get a couple of Micro SIM template stickers to help you cut your Mini SIM. Oh, and like the M9, you need to get your own headphones for the MX, though if you pre-order before December 31st, the MX will come with a free headset. Similarly, you'll need to buy the 1.2-amp USB wall adapter separately. Update: We've been informed that the 1.2A USB wall plug comes with the MX, albeit in its own little box. Upon lifting the phone out of the box, our attention immediately focused on the texture of the back casing. Unlike the soft touch cover on many devices these days (including the M9, the Xiaomi Phone and many HTC phones), the MX features a hard white crystal-like case on the back -- the crystal part being that there's a 1mm-thick transparent plastic on top of a 1mm-thick white plastic, thus giving out a special glowing effect around the edges when shone under the light. In terms of grip, we were surprised by how comfortable the shape feels in our hand -- you get a near-straight side, followed by a shallow tapering and then a flat bottom, meaning the phone can sit still on its back. Comparing the 139g-heavy, 10.3mm-thick MX to the bulkier Xiaomi Phone, the latter's combination of girth, more rounded corners plus matte cover certainly offers a more secure grip, though we somehow prefer the former's slightly slippery yet solid feel for a change. We shall let you all be the final judge on this one. To our surprise, the back cover is actually removable. There's no obvious groove for lifting up the case -- the quick start manual actually instructs us to press down onto the case's micro-USB port opening, and then run our nail or a pick along the slit until the case unclicks at various spots. It was a bit painful for the first few times, but much like giving birth to kids after the first one, the procedure somehow became less of a torture over time -- our thumb must have toughened up. That said, we do wonder how long it'd take before the slit starts to wear out, and the booklet even suggests that we avoid frequently removing the case in order to maintain a tight seal. But would the users be frequently removing the case, anyway? The 1,600mAh battery isn't user-removable, nor is there a microSD card slot inside; so really, removing the case is just for us to access the spring-loaded Micro SIM tray, and you'd obviously have to be a frequent traveler to keep your nail busy. Another interesting point to highlight is that the camera flashlight is actually placed on the case rather than on the body, and it has three metal contact points underneath for power and earthing. Understandably, Meizu has confirmed that there are currently no plans for swappable cases, though third party manufacturers might churn out some accessories to reach similar goals. At first sight, there aren't that many surprises externally when it comes to buttons on the MX, but it gets interesting as you touch it more and more. The basics include the power button at the top and the volume rocker on the left, but the physical home button is no longer a flat, round rectangle akin to Samsung's style -- instead, it's now a small dome that's easy to click on, yet it also seems to be small enough to avoid accidental clicks while chilling in our pocket. That said, after a few days of full-time usage, we spotted some light scratches at the tip of the dome, which would explain why no other Android phones have gone with similar button designs. Still, we like our little nipple, so we'll just have avoid letting our phone face downward on the desk. Other visible features include the micro-USB port (which supports USB host, MHL for HDMI output and S/PDIF for digital audio connection) , a microphone and two mysterious dents along the bottom side, as well as a noise-cancelling mic next to the 3.5mm headphone jack at the top side, and a mono speaker on the right-hand side of the back. Before you complain about the lack of a dedicated camera button, it turns out that in the camera app the volume up button doubles up as a single-stage trigger button (obviously not as satisfying as the two-stage camera buttons on many other flagship phones), while volume down toggles between photo mode and video mode. We'll talk more about music playback in a bit, but since we're here, we do have some thoughts on the speaker. Yes, going mono is certainly a downgrade from the louder stereo speakers on the M8 and M9, though the MX is still a tad louder than the Xiaomi Phone. We can only assume that Meizu had great reasons to give up its hallmark feature, most likely for the sake of the new form factor. Another problem is that due to the position of the speaker, a lot of the times our right palm ends up blocking the audio entirely when holding the MX in portrait orientation. This wouldn't happen if the speaker was located further up the phone. This is obviously a very unique feature amongst the ocean of Android devices these days, and Meizu deserves much credit for such an innovation. In our opinion, the most interesting physical feature on the MX is its situation-aware bottom light keys. These are essentially five-dot LED cross matrices, with the left set forming the back key while the other being the menu key. In addition to responding to touch input with a momentary brighter glow, the patterns light up according to the phone's orientation (both landscape modes supported) and the availability of back or menu feature, meaning users should be less frustrated by the lack of response when tapping a dormant key in certain situations (when you're already in settings, for instance). When on standby, the center dots of these keys also blink slowly to indicate new notifications. To sum it up, think HTC Incredible S's optically rotating buttons on steroids. This is obviously a very unique feature amongst the ocean of Android devices these days, and Meizu deserves much credit for such an innovation. Those who are familiar with Meizu's OS -- now oddly dubbed Flyme OS -- will no doubt know that holding down the back button on the home screen switches off the LCD (same as pressing the power button); and the same goes for the MX. Likewise, holding down both the power button and the home button lets you take a screenshot. But when the phone's completely turned off, holding down both the power button and the volume up key boots the MX into firmware upgrade mode (and you need to place your downloaded update.zip file in the root folder); whereas holding down the power button and the home key lets you wipe your personal data. While these button functions are pretty much the same as the M9, there is however one significant change: instead of double-tapping the home button for the task manager, you now hold down the menu button instead on the MX. We'll come back to that later. Following the evolution of most phones, one of the biggest physical changes from the M9 to the MX is the screen size increase, making a jump from 3.5 inches to 4 inches but preserving the same 960 x 640 resolution. Honestly, we aren't at all bothered by the drop in pixel density. If anything, we actually enjoyed the larger ASV LCD's improved viewing angles (which also beat the Xiaomi Phone's transflective LCD) and the slightly wider color range. Still, when placed side by side, the iPhone 4S's Retina Display and the HTC Incredible S's SLCD show more realistic colors; but frankly, the quality difference is far from a deal breaker and is hardly noticeable when the MX is on its own. Camera When Meizu announced that the MX will come with an eight-megapixel backside-illuminated CMOS sensor (same technology used by the iPhone 4S and the Xperia Arc or Arc S), naturally we had high expectations on its picture quality; but first, let's focus on the camera app. When capturing stills you can use the menu to toggle between normal mode, smile detection mode and panorama mode. In normal mode you have access to all the usual options such as ISO (from 50 to 3200), scene, a three-level wide dynamic mode (aka HDR), photo size, white balance and geotagging. The flash switch at the top left corner can switch between auto, forced flash and no flash; whereas the button at the top right of the canvas lets you switch between the 0.3 megapixel front-facing camera and the main camera. We suggest users to not depend on the smaller camera for self-portraits, though, as its picture quality is only good enough for quick and dirty video calls. Smile detection is pretty self-explanatory and it worked well with our grin (see 14:52 in our above walkthrough video), though the only settings available for fiddling with are ISO, photo size and geotagging. Panorama mode (pictured above) is left with only ISO and geotagging settings, but it also performed well using the phone's gyroscope and our own steady hands, thus producing combined images around the size of 3,264 × 1,120 -- the latter value varies depending on coverage angle -- with clean overlaps. However, the panorama mode only supports one landscape orientation: sweeping from left to right with the MX's volume rocker facing downwards. This is a bizarre design considering that the shutter button (volume up) is normally at the top right corner of a camera. We tend to get satisfactory pictures so long as we have wide dynamic mode set to low or medium. It's inevitable that we'd compare the MX's f/2.2 camera with the Xiaomi Phone's f/2.4 counterpart with the same eight-megapixel resolution. Interestingly, putting the images side by side shows that these two phones are at two different sides of the scale. While the Xiaomi Phone appears to produce more vibrant images, we find them to be over-saturated most of the time. On the other hand, the MX's wider photos displayed more realistic colors, but we're troubled by the greenish hue in many of our outdoor shots under day light. We've expressed our concern to Meizu's engineers and they assured us that this is being tweaked as we speak, so we'll give this another spin when the right firmware comes along. Update: We've been using a final retail unit for a while now and the camera no longer suffers from the green hue problem in auto white balance mode. What's more, we came across a pretty cool Sony Ericsson demo that helped highlight the MX's BSI camera sensor technology (which is very likely provided by Sony as well): it consisted of a black box that contained a toy plane, and when we stuck our MX's lens into the small hole at the top, the camera still managed to capture a surprisingly (and understandably unconvincing) clear image of what appeared to be total darkness to our naked eyes. (And of course, the Xperia Arc S managed the same performance.) You can see some new photos in the second gallery below. Other than that, we tend to get satisfactory pictures so long as we have wide dynamic mode set to low or medium. One of our favorite stills is a night shot of a dark walkway under some trees and a street lamp: with the assistance of low-level wide dynamic mode, this surprisingly clear image is a prime example for showing off what BSI technology does best. Our macro shots also came out great, and we could get as far down as 5cm above the object without much trouble with the autofocus.. Gallery: Meizu MX review: sample shots (engineering sample) | 59 Photos. Gallery: Meizu MX review: sample shots (final retail unit) | 15 Photos. As for video recording, currently the MX beats the 720p-only Xiaomi Phone, though to our surprise, by default the former's video recording resolution is set to 1,080 x 720 only, and it kept disregarding our previous setting, often changing it back to this resolution. Two things boggle us here: why not 1,280 x 720 at least? And why set a video resolution lower than what the camera's advertised for? If the intention here is to save storage space then we'd rather be prompted for a decision upon first boot-up; otherwise we fear many users would be disappointed when they realize they'd been capturing much footage at a lower resolution than intended since day one. Leaving our rant aside, the 1080p video quality (actually 1,920 x 1,072 at 30fps, MPEG-4 AVC main profile at level 4, up to 25.5Mbps) isn't bad at all bar the same light green hue problem. There's no fancy optical image stabilizing technology here, obviously, but the lack of continuous autofocus -- as featured on the Xperia Arc S and the Xiaomi Phone -- is a slight drawback. That said, you can focus manually while filming by tapping on your desired spot on the screen, but be sure to tap lightly to keep a steady footage, and also beware of the light clicking noise coming from the lens while auto-focusing -- this is more apparent when the lens is facing upwards. We also spotted a couple of bugs here, with the more severe one being that sometimes at night our recording tends to skip frames or slow down at certain points. The lesser problem we saw was that the first second of all our clips captured the camera's preparation autofocus in action, but this should be easy for the engineers to eliminate. Sample 1080p video clips: Software As we mentioned briefly earlier, the MX's slick Flyme OS (currently based on Android 2.3.5 with 4.0 upgrade planned) has preserved many features from the M9, and on the international model it's also rootable. But in case this is your first acquaintance with Meizu's Android customization, it's probably the easiest if you think of it as a crossover between a standard Android OS and iOS: like the latter, there's no dedicated app list here, so all your apps are spread across up to ten home screens; but of course, you can also add widgets, though Flyme only lets you use each of them once, which can be slightly inconvenient for those rocking numerous home screens. Interestingly, the Xiaomi Phone's MIUI OS also features this iOS-like app management, so the Chinese users must be pretty fond of Apple's mobile UX. Alas, unlike MIUI, there's no way of quickly jumping from one home screen to another on Flyme, so you'll just have to work your finger with plenty of horizontal swiping; or simply make better use with your folders. Leaving the home screen management problem aside, Meizu made it up to us with various goodies dotted across the OS. Starting from the unlock screen, here you can toggle the music player controls by tapping on the menu key, as well as switching on USB storage mode if your MX is plugged into a computer (as pictured above on the left). However, we noticed that the latter activates itself even if a screen lock password is set, so anyone could access the phone's content with just a USB cable. We do appreciate the convenience, but Meizu should also offer a more secure option; after all, most other phones only let you activate mass storage mode after you go pass the screen lock. Entering the home screen or your last active app is simply a matter of dragging the padlock icon up from the bottom, but if you do the same with either the phone icon or the speech icon on the side, you'll jump straight to either the phone app (which loads up the tab where you last left off) or the messaging app, respectively. And just like the good old days with the M9, these icons will indicate the number of awaiting missed calls and text messages. Once you're behind the unlock screen, holding down the MX's menu button triggers the task manager; though unlike the one on the M9, this beefed up manager app also lets you toggle various radios like WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS, as well as switching between network modes (3G only, GSM only and GSM/3G auto). Alas, to toggle silent mode, vibration, flight mode (where WiFi cannot be enabled), phone-off mode or screen rotation lock, you'll need to either hold down the power button or dig them up in settings; whereas on MIUI you can simply access them on the notification tray. Having said that, Flyme does have many other hidden gems. As you probably know, on iOS you can tap the top task bar to jump straight to the top of lists, but this isn't possible on pretty much all Android OSes due to the notification tray at the top; so Meizu's cunning solution is to implement this function on the clock area at the top right corner of the screen. We're not sure how often we'd use MX's remote control feature in real life, but we can definitely see potential in walking new owners through their MXs. If that doesn't impress you, perhaps MX's remote control tool will: as you can see in our video above, this rare feature lets you remotely control another MX within the same WiFi network. All that's required is to go into Accessibility in Settings, choose Remote Control, and then set up a device name plus a password on the host device. You can then go back to the controlling device to pick the host device from the list, log in using the aforementioned password, and voila! You should see the host device's screen on the controlling device. Understandably, there is a slight lag and a lower frame rate for the controlling end, nor can the controller use pinch-to-zoom or watch a video feed (from the camera app or video player); but still, the input response was pretty much instantaneous for us, and the host device can still be used while connected to its controller. We're not sure how often we'd use MX's remote control feature in real life, but we can definitely see potential in walking new owners through their MXs. Compared to many phones these days, the MX doesn't come with as many pre-installed handy apps. What you get out of the box are a calculator, an alarm clock, a file browser, a notes app, a voice recorder, an IMAP or Exchange email client, Google Maps (GPS tracking takes about half a minute) and Meizu's own app store, Mstore, which contains mostly Chinese apps. For typing, you get a multitouch English keyboard as well as various input methods for both traditional and simplified Chinese. If we were to give Meizu a wish list, we'd like to see a stopwatch or a countdown timer at least, and then maybe a torch app plus a compass app. The MX's internet browser comes with all the features that you expect to see on a standard smartphone these days. Once a web page is fully loaded, you get pretty much a full screen view except for the task bar at the top, with the top left corner indicating the number of tabs you have opened. Hitting the menu key gives you thumbnails of all the tabs along with various buttons at the bottom: refresh, add tab, close tab, bookmarks and miscellaneous (which includes forward, history, settings, add to favorites, share URL via email or SMS, add to home screen and view downloads). There's little to complain about the browser -- we got smooth scrolling on our full website, and likewise with pinch-to-zooming. Flash videos worked fine as well until we hit the HD button, but at this day and age, we're inclined to put the blame on Adobe. On the multimedia front, the MX's native video player supports a handful of formats including MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG and M2TS (and before you ask, WMV didn't work for us); whereas the native music app can handle the usual MP3 plus M4A files, along with the more obscure FLAC, APE, AAC, OGG and many more formats. But like the M9, there's no FM radio to be found on the MX. Meizu's reasoning here is that online audio streaming is the way forward, though it didn't indicate whether this is a hardware or software limitation, nor has it thrown in the same native music streaming app that the M9 had. Our guess is that Meizu didn't secure a new licensing deal (if any), but then again, there are plenty of alternatives in the app stores these days (especially the Chinese ones), so no biggie.. Gallery: Meizu MX review: screenshots and benchmark results | 51 Photos. Speaking of app stores, we noticed that the Android Market on our MX is limited to just one download at a time, as opposed to allowing multiple download streams like many other flagship devices do. This goes along with many other weird default settings that we've had to change, where possible, to get the most out of the phone. For example: vibration notification was disabled; the auto-capitalization on the default English keyboard (which itself also has a weird layout due to the lack of row offsets) was also switched off; the punctuation mark bar on the English keyboard had to be launched manually every time we open the keyboard; and we had to install Gmail by ourselves as well (yet Google Talk and Google Translate were already dumped in a folder). We usually get about six to seven hours worth of normal usage on the 1.4GHz "high" setting. Still, none of the above are as weird as this: it turns out that there is a "CPU level" -- hidden inside Accessibility in Settings, oddly enough -- that's set to normal by default, which means the clock speed was capped at 1GHz. Considering that we usually get about six to seven hours worth of normal usage on the 1.4GHz "high" setting (with 3G constantly on as well), or even just under 5.5 hours on our standard video loop test (we got about just 10 minutes more on the Xiaomi Phone, which has a much bigger battery), we don't really see the need to underclock the phone to preserve battery juice. Worse yet, surely it's not very nice to underpower a product without telling its owner? Perhaps Meizu will reconsider this odd decision once it has a solid stable firmware for the retail units. Once we got our MX charged up again, we decided to do a stress test on its video playback performance. We loaded up three 1080p .MOV movie trailers from Apple's website, with video bit rate ranging from 9Mbps to 10Mbps. To our surprise, all three played smoothly except for one or two moments where the video and audio were out of sync, but it only took a couple of seconds to catch up. We then checked these offending spots in the 720p version of the clips (at about 6Mbps), and unsurprisingly, the playback was flawless. That said, we noticed a tiny delay between the video and the audio when playing the same 720p clip through an MHL adapter (we used the Galaxy S II's HDMI adapter -- which also simultaneously charges up the phone -- as Meizu doesn't currently offer one), so hopefully this is something that can be tweaked in the software. We also had a go at playing Shadowgun on the big screen, and while the graphics looked great, we had a hard time with keeping our thumbs on the virtual buttons while simultaneously looking at the TV. Guess we'll be needing some Fling minis made just for Shadowgun -- one pad on the left and two on the right. The native music app itself is plenty of fun, though it's not that much different than the one on the M9. With our hf3 earphones, we could use the call button to play and pause with a single click, skip track by double-clicking, and go to the previous track by triple-clicking. As for the UI you still get four tabs at the bottom in this order: playlists, songs, albums (by artists) and now playing. The repeat and shuffle buttons are on the left and right-hand side of the top song info bar, respectively, and tapping anywhere up there toggles the scrobbling dot on the timeline. Swiping horizontally in the middle lets you jump between the album art, an ice blue visualizer and the current playlist. Hitting the menu key would prompt a dialog that lets you choose between the shutdown timer (from five minutes up to an hour), song info and equalizer. If you need help remembering the words, you can go into song info to search for lyrics (as well as album art) for the current song. Once chosen, the lyrics would then start auto-scrolling below the visualizer, and tapping it would let it run atop of the visualizer. It's no doubt a cool feature, but sadly, we'll be needing more help to build up a larger lyrics library for non-Chinese music; and also, Meizu seems to have forgotten to provide a way to delete wrong lyrics. All in all, the MX makes the M9's audio sound dull, and we'd even argue that it has a finer bass control than the iPhone 4. Of course, what we really care about here is the audio quality. We've already shown our disappointment over the mono loudspeaker, but luckily, we found some sweet audio coming straight out of the 3.5mm headphone jack, and it's definitely an improvement from the M9. For instance, in Diana Krall's Isn't This A Lovely Day (from the album From This Moment On ), her voice becomes significantly livelier with a fuller mid-range, while the occasional trumpet manages to hit the higher frequencies that the M9 seemed to have missed. We could also sense a wider range in the bass region, thus providing better control over the drums and the double bass. All in all, the MX makes the M9's audio sound dull, and we'd even argue that it has a finer bass control than the iPhone 4 (especially on the lighter vibrations of the double bass), but obviously you'd need a pair of nice earphones to fully appreciate this difference -- we've been pretty happy with our Etymotic hf3 matched with ACS custom earphone sleeves. Oh, and don't forget that there's also Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR, which worked just fine with our Nokia Play 360° wireless speaker. Similarly, phone calls were easy to listen to on the MX's little earpiece, and on the other end the voice coming from the MX's caller is cleaner but a bit tinny. This is likely due to the nature of dual-mic noise cancellation as proven by our Nexus One, but hey, it does drown out a bit of background noise. Dig a little deeper and you'll find that the phone app also has some nice goodies in settings, such as exporting or importing contacts to and from a VCF file, a customizable blacklist for spam calls, and having an automatic SMS sent to a declined caller. For the creeps out there, you can even set it so that every single phone call gets automatically recorded (rather than having to hit the record button). Last but not least, Flyme OS actually comes with a suite of cloud services (hence the name "fly me"). While the service isn't fully operational just yet, we're promised automatic backup of our text messages, call logs, contacts, notes and settings, along with an iMessage-like phone number-based IM service that'll initially be supported in China only. Additionally, you'll also be able to locate and remote-lock your MX using the Flyme website, but again, it's not quite ready to be poked around just yet. Don't worry, we haven't forgotten to give the MX some benchmark love for its 1.4GHz dual-core Exynos 4210 processor (garnished with 1GB 1066MHz LPDDR2 RAM and a Mali-400 MP graphics chip). But first off, boot time: our MX takes about 38 seconds to get to the lock screen, whereas our Xiaomi Phone takes only about 21 seconds. We then did a quick file transfer test over USB, and again, our MX's 8.5MB/s write speed hangs head in shame in front of the Xiaomi's 13.3MB/s; but to be fair, we did put a Class 10 microSD card in the latter device. Too bad we can't upgrade the MX's storage. However, the benchmark scores are more positive, with Quadrant and NenaMark both indicating that the MX is much better at 3D rendering, though there's clearly space for improvement in browser performance. Wrap-up After a week's worth of usage, it is safe to say that Meizu's third-ever smartphone has proven to be a huge improvement from the M8 and M9 days, and at HK$3,099 (US$398) unsubsidized it's still of great value. While there are still some features that were probably inspired by, ahem, similar devices , the MX has been given many unique features that will no doubt help shake away the company's old KIRF image. Having seen Jack Wong's Zhuhai factory late last year, it isn't hard to see that his team is on the right track to wade into the international market, which is why we're extremely pleased to see this fascinating company finally opening its first-ever store in Hong Kong today. Of course, there are still areas where Meizu can work on, and there were times when we wished we could just port the more flexible MIUI over to the MX, but it shouldn't take much for the engineers to dish out handy little tweaks here and there. Every little counts, much like how we're baffled by every little weird setting mentioned previously, so hopefully we'll see most of those bugs eliminated in the remaining two weeks. Will Meizu be able to hold Xiaomi back? It's hard to tell in the short term. Sure, performance-wise both the MX and the Xiaomi Phone are very similar, but the price war is obviously the biggest problem for the former. That said, with the help of regular fan events and forum interaction across the country, we think the company's users will remain loyal for a very long time. It's easier said than done, of course, but here's hoping that said outfit will figure out how to offer new services that will either help subsidize hardware cost or simply to make the existing devices of better value for the money. After all, that's exactly what Xiaomi's Lei Jun is gunning for, and Meizu must act quickly before its fierce competitor gobble up more of its users.. Benchmark Meizu MX Xiaomi Phone Samsung Galaxy Note HTC Rezound Quadrant (higher is better) 4,224 3,784 3,998 2,347 Linpack single / multi (MFLOPS; higher is better) 53.74 / 73.40 55.74 / 82.52 64.30 / 95.66 52 / 60.3 NenaMark1 (fps; higher is better) 59 49.7 57.7 53.5 NenaMark2 (fps; higher is better) 44.4 32.0 32.8 35.8 Neocore (fps; higher is better) 58.9 61.4 51.8 59.8 Sunspider (ms; lower is better) 2,816 2,586 2,902 2,961 Vellamo (higher is better) 916 1,194 944 920. Meizu's Hong Kong store opens today, teases mainland Chinese fans with lower MX price. Meizu MX hangs out with the M9, Xiaomi Phone, Nokia N9 and many more friends. Exclusive: A day trip to Meizu's factory (video). Samsung , iMP3 (Chinese) , Meizu BBS (Chinese). android , asv , cellphone , china , exynos , exynos 4210 , Exynos4210 , featured , features , flyme , flyme os , FlymeOs , Mali-400 , Mali-400 MP , Mali-400Mp , Meizu , Meizu MX , MeizuMx , mobile phone , MobilePhone , mobilepostcross , MX , phone , review , smartphone , video. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Download: Last Snapchat APK before the Ugly Redesign. How to Install Pre-Release Android Oreo on the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge. How to Customize the Google Pixel 2 Always On Display’s Brightness without Root. How to change the Notification Snooze Durations on Android 8.1 Oreo without Root. Enable Google Camera HDR+ and EIS on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without Root. How to Enable Camera2 API on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without disabling OTA updates. Click “Add Devices” to add your devices for quick access here!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Buy and sell gently used phones. No-Odin Root Exploit Found for Exynos 4412 and 4210. Root exploits are often quite a good thing. There are many that only work on certain individual devices. However, there are some that work on a whole bunch of devices. An example of the latter is a root exploit by XDA Recognized Developer Bin4ry that works on a variety of devices.. Forums Added for the US Galaxy Note II Variants, Droid RAZR HD, and Meizu MX. We recently gave three devices a home in our forum. Not too long ago, we created a forum for the international Galaxy Note II. Now, it's time for the US variants. Coming in as the successor to the wildly popular first generation Note, the Note II builds on its predecessor by increasing the screen size.... The story of the Meizu MX is an interesting one. Meizu Technology is a Chinese electronics manufacturer, producing a range of products from music players to, now, smartphones. There currently is no official American or European release date for the Meizu MX. Rather, it has been released only in Hong Kong and China. Meizu MX Unboxed the XDA Way – XDA Developer TV. Will Verduzco showed us how to root and install Ice Cream Sandwich. Meizu recently sent us their new quad-core version---the similarly named Meizu MX M032---and it sports the same Exynos 4412 chip found in the Samsung Galaxy S III. This time, we gave the device to our resident mobile.... How to Root the Meizu MX and Install Ice Cream Sandwich – XDA TV. Thanks to its international reach, XDA TV gets to try and experiment with some very interesting, and sometimes unheard of phones and devices. The dual-core version of the Meizu MX is really only available in China and parts of Europe. Though there is talk of their next quad-core phone coming stateside. Stock Android 4.0 Beta (V1037) for the Meizu MX and M9. Not too many people around these parts are familiar with the name Meizu. Despite making highly popular flagship devices for the China and Hong Kong markets, they haven't stirred up too much commotion in other parts of the world. This is unfortunate, however, as their flagship MX and upcoming quad-core MX pack some seriously high.... Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Meizu MX is quite the interesting device. While the device features category-leading specifications, many in the western world have never heard of the device. Featuring either a dual-core Exynos 4210 or a quad-core Exynos 4412 (both clocked at 1.4 GHz), its specs trade blows with the flagships of 2011 and 2012. In fact, the processors used are shared with the Samsung own flagships, the Galaxy S II and III. In addition to a fast processor, the device features a 4.0" 960x640 ASV display, 1 GB RAM, 16 GB ROM, an 8 MP camera, and a 1600 or 1700 mAh battery.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. MX General MX Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting MX Accessories MX Android Development MX Original Android Development MX Themes and Apps. Flyme 6 for Meizu MX4 (6.1.0.1A_twrp+6.2.0.0G_twrp stable versions). ****[TUTORIAL] Meizu MX4 - Unbrick/Flash Ubuntu Touch****. How to recover meizu m2 note hard reset, install global flyme on chinese flyme. Meizu MX4 Pro boots into recovery mode "no firmware found". My "fight" with Meizu M2 Note. Best ROM for Meizu M2 Note. More MX Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Threads. Complete Meizu phone Repair Parts and Official Accessories. Nillkin tpu case meizu pro 5. There's no Accessories available for the Meizu MX. [HOWTO] Flash TWRP and Flash CM+GApps [Meizu M2 Note]. [Unofficial] TWRP 3.1.0-0 for Meizu M2 Note. [ROM] CM-12.1 for Meizu M2 Note [5.1.1]. [Recovery] [Unlock BL] TWRP - BL unlock for M3 note. [ROM] LineageOS-14.1 for Meizu M2 Note [7.1.2]. [Tutorial] Meizu m2 note bootloader unlock guide by Kevin.MX(aaawqw). Helio x10 Kernel Source Code Released (ROMs for the Meizu MX5 closer now). [ROM] LineageOS-13.0 for Meizu M2 Note [6.0.1]. More MX Original Android Development Threads. [HS] Post your Meizu MX Homescreens [HERE]. Theme app for Flyme OS 4.5.7I on MX4. (Required) Stock wallpapers of Meizu MX. More MX Themes and Apps Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. meizu mx3 meizu mx2 jiayu g3 meizu m9 xiaomi htc one xiaomi mi 2 nexus 4 lenovo k900 oppo finder jiayu thl w100s. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu mx to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu mx to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Meizu MX5 4G SmartPhone Helio X10 OctaCore 2.2 GHz 20.7 MP 3GB+16GB Fingerprint. Genuine For Meizu MX4 Case Back Cover Housing Battery Replacement Door Case. Cases For Meizu MX4 MX5 Pro M2 Mini Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Star Marble Skins. 5.36for meizu Mx4 Case For meizu Mx4 Mx 4 Cell Phone Back Cover Case. Original 5.5" Meizu MX6 MTK Helio X20 Deca Core 4GB 32GB LTE Smartphone 4000mAh. Meizu MX4 RAM 2GB ROM 16GB LTE 4G Octa Core Original Mobile Phone 20.7MP. For Meizu MX6&Pro6/7 M5/M3 Note Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover. Meizu MX5 RAM 3GB ROM LTE 4G Octa Core Dual SIM 16GB&32GB Mobile Phone 20.7MP. For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5 360° Hybrid Armor Rugged Case Kickstand Cover. 2X Screen Protector REAL Tempered Glass Film For Meizu Pro6/MX6/M2 Note/M3 Max. White For Meizu MX6 Assembly Digitizer LCD Display Touch Screen Replacement #548. new Unlocked Meizu MX6 4GB+32GB 5.5 Deca Core Android 6 4G LTE Mobile cell phone. Meizu MX5 RAM 3GB ROM 16GB&32GB LTE 4G Octa Core Mobile Phone 20.7MP Dual SIM. Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M2 Mini M3 Note Pro 6 MX5 U20. Original Meizu 2A Micro USB Nylon Braided Sync Data Cable for MEIZU MX5 Pro 5. New Meizu MX4 Pro Battery 3350mAh BT41 Li-ion Battery High Quality. For Meizu A5 M5S M5 M6 Note Shockproof Hybrid Case Armor Rugged Kickstand Cover. Original Meizu MX6 ROM 32GB LTE 4G Deca-core Mobile Phone 12MP Dual SIM. New Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film Protection Cover For Meizu M3S/M5C/M5S. Meizu MX6 32GB 5.5'' Dual SIM FHD Android 4G LTE Deca Core 2.3GHz Smartphone. For Meizu MX4 / MX4 Pro LCD Display+Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement. Meizu MX4 Pro LTE 4G RAM 3GB ROM 16GB Octa Core 20.7MP Mobile Phone. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note U10 U20 Shockproof Matte Slim Hard Back Cover Case Skin. Meizu MX5 4G SmartPhone Helio X10 OctaCore 2.2 GHz 20.7 MP 3GB+16GB Fingerprint. Meizu MX6 32GB 5.5'' Dual SIM FHD Android 4G LTE Deca Core 2.3GHz Smartphone. Full Covered Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu MX6 M5 7 Pro M3 Note. Luxury Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Skin Case Cover For Meizu MX5 M2 M3 Note Pro6/plus. For MEIZU Full Coverage Shockproof Slim Case Silicone Soft Protective Cover Skin. Hybrid Shockproof Armor Case Stand Cover Skin For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note MX 4 5 6 U10 20 Leather Flip Cover Dual View Window Case. Ultra Thin Screen Protector Scratch-resist ant Tempered Glass For Meizu Series. Soft Silicone TPU Ultra Thin Clear Transparent Cover Case For MEIZU MEILAN MX4 5. Cases For Meizu MX4 MX5 Pro M2 Mini Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Graffiti Skins. iPaky Hybrid Hard Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Case Cover For Meizu M1 M2 M3 Note MX5. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. 0.3mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For MEIZU M2 Note/MEILAN MX5 MX4 pro. For Meizu MX4 OEM Rear Back Camera Module Part. Black 5.5" Meizu MX5 M575 AMOLED LCD Display Touch Digitizer Assembly W/Frame. Original QC 3.0 Fast Charger Wall Charger Adapter +Type-C For MEIZU Pro 6 5 MX6. Original Fast Quick Wall Charger Adapter/Type-C Cable For MEIZU Pro 6 5 MX6. For Meizu MX5 MX4 M2 M3 M5 Note View Window Flip Silk Leather Stand Cover Case. Back Camera Glass Lens Housing Replacement For MEIZU MX4 MX5 Pro6 M2 mini M3s. Flip Wallet Magnetic Card Leather Case Cover For Meizu MX5 MX6 Pro6 M2 M3 Note. 1pcs Ultra Thin Skin Clear Transparent Soft TPU Case Cover For Meizu MX5 Note2. Big Back Rear Camera 20.7MP Flex Cable Replacement Repair Parts For Meizu MX5. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note M5S MX6 3D Painted Shockproof Slim Silicone Soft Cover. Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note/M5. Luxury Glitter Silicone cover For Meizu M3 M5 Note MX5 MX6 U10 U20 Soft TPU Case. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Phone Case. Fashion Bling Glitter Quicksand Liquid Soft Case Cover for Meizu Mobile Phone. USB-C 3.1 Type C Fast Charging Charger Data Cable For Meizu Full Series Phone. Ultra-thin Original PU Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Meizu M2 M3/M3S Note MX5. Tempered Glass + Ultra Thin Clear TPU Soft back Protective Case Cover For Meizu. 2Pcs 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Cover for MeiZu Cell Phone. 360°Shockproof Matte Slim Rubber Silicone Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S M5S Note. Original 3100mAh Battery BT40 For Meizu MX4. OEM Meizu EP-21 EP21-HD In-Ear Wired Control Earphone For MEIZU M1 M2 MX3 MX4. New Micro USB Cable Adapter For Meizu MX5/MX 4/MX3/MX 4 Pro M2 Note/ M1 Note. ▶For Meizu M3 M5 Note M5S U10 U20 Pro 6 Plus▶. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, battery and Conclusion. posted by Nick T.. 4 Call quality, battery and Conclusion. Can a Chinese smartphone manufacturer deliver a product that is not your run-of-the-mill slab of plastic, but a decent Android handset really worth getting? That is quite possible, it seems. The Meizu MX Android 4.0 smartphone is equipped with a high resolution display and inside it runs the powerful Exynos 4412 processor with four cores of awesome. Care to learn more about the device ? Then let's check it out in detail. Micro SIM adapter and cutout template. Doohickey for removing the back cover. So, we open up the fancy box that the Meizu MX comes in and we find an okay-looking smartphone that, strangely, yet not all that surprisingly, resembles a somewhat bigger iPhone. That is only when looking at its front, however, as the back is made out of glossy plastic – probably one of the glossiest kinds you will ever see on a cell phone. You can compare the Meizu MX with many other phones using our Size Visualization Tool. Overall, the Meizu MX looks acceptable and fits well in the palm, but more than a few things could have been executed better. For example, the volume rocker is uncomfortable to use and the awkwardly protruding home button spoils the device's feng shui. Besides, the device has a predominant plasticky feel and a back cover that squeaks as it bends even under light pressure. On the other hand, we think the dynamic capacitive buttons that change their orientation depending on how you are holding the device are a nice little design touch. One of the nicer things about the Meizu MX is its 4-inch display , which is made using ASV LCD technology. It has a resolution of 640 by 960 pixels (288 ppi) so it is really hard to spot an individual pixel. The only imperfections that we can spot is that whites look slightly yellowish, but other than that, there is nothing we can complain about. The screen has a neutral color reproduction and can be used outdoors without too much of an effort.. This review is based on a quad-core Meizu MX unit, with an Exynos 4412 processor, 32GB of storage, and 1,700mAh battery. The dual-core Meizu MX version has an Exynos 4210 processor, 16GB of storage, and a 1,600mAh battery.. The Meizu MX resembles a somewhat bigger iPhone. The dynamic capacitive buttons can change their orientation depending on how you are holding the device. Power key and 3.5mm jack (top). The sides of the Meizu MX. Drag the picture or use the keyboard arrows to rotate the phone. Double click or press keyboard Space to zoom in/out. (Posts: 118; Member since: 07 Feb 2012). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 08:52. some few tweaks here and there and this device could actually be a success. (Posts: 7; Member since: 14 Dec 2011). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 09:28. it's already a success at its price range.. (Posts: 866; Member since: 15 Jul 2011). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 09:15. (Posts: 1152; Member since: 30 Apr 2012). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 09:41. "The only imperfections that we can spot is that whites look slightly yellowish". (Posts: 1870; Member since: 07 Dec 2011). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 09:52. your neutralness, we have a beige alert.. (Posts: 3722; Member since: 16 Aug 2011). posted on 12 Jul 2012, 14:38. If I don't survive, tell my wife "hello.". (Posts: 1152; Member since: 30 Apr 2012). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 09:56. (Posts: 1786; Member since: 26 May 2011). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 09:47. What's the point of setting max clock speed when Exynos by design changes the number of cores, frequency, and voltage on its own. (Posts: 1870; Member since: 07 Dec 2011). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 09:55. Nice specs for a small phone, now those who want powerful tech won't need to buy phones with large screens if it doesn't suit them. Of course I have a feeling u.s. availability will be through gray market imports.. (Posts: 1171; Member since: 21 Nov 2011). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 14:15. The screen aspect ratio combined with the size is what has me hooked... (Posts: 364; Member since: 16 Aug 2011). posted on 11 Jul 2012, 11:11. (Posts: 3722; Member since: 16 Aug 2011). posted on 12 Jul 2012, 14:44. It looks like some unholy cross between an iPhone and a One X (in other words, it looks sweet!). I especially love the look of the capacitive buttons and home button. The dynamic dots look awesome, I wish more manufacturers would do something like this, at least as far as making them rotate with screen orientation. HTC did it with the international version of the Incredible 2, and sort of with the Flyer, but sadly stopped after that.. (Posts: 3; Member since: 20 Jun 2012). posted on 12 Jul 2012, 02:38. I just think they should change the design of the phone for the next gen as its getting more know, or just release another model idk. (Posts: 2166; Member since: 26 Apr 2012). posted on 12 Jul 2012, 03:10. Yeah, I feel the same way too that meizu should change the design for mx, it really reminds me of the iPhone. But overall, I really like this phone but I hope that they'll sell it on other countries as well. (Posts: 4589; Member since: 07 Mar 2012). posted on 12 Jul 2012, 08:48. HTC One X should hide it's face from limelight!! The benchmark tests tells us so!!. (Posts: 430; Member since: 06 Apr 2012). posted on 14 Jul 2012, 08:05. btch please, it may be the worst benchmark among the 4 smartphones, but bare in mind that the One X's benchmark is very high for today's standards, and beats tons of android smartphones today.. (Posts: 3609; Member since: 19 Jan 2011). posted on 12 Jul 2012, 20:45. For anyone looking for a unique device with a smaller screen (hard to believe we have gotten to the point that 4.0" screens are small, ain't it?), this seems to be a true, fun option. (Posts: 430; Member since: 06 Apr 2012). posted on 14 Jul 2012, 08:03. Don't get why Phonearena hates plastic backed/bodied phones. Metal backing/bodied are too ''old'' and heavy. Plastic/Polycarbonate are now what i call the 21st Century Material!!!!. (Posts: 8; Member since: 19 Jul 2012). posted on 19 Jul 2012, 06:51. Seriously, am I the only one who thinks that the camera takes really blurry pictures? Just look at the picture of the church, it's totally out of focus on the lower left area, and it's got a purplish shade... (Posts: 1; Member since: 09 Aug 2012). posted on 09 Aug 2012, 22:18. Does anybody know where to buy a case for this phone? i bought it in China but I brought it to US. I know a lot of chinese places to buy cases, but i'm more looking for a premium case that can be purchased in US. I have looked up otterbox, case mate and sgp, but none of them has the cases for this phone. Does anybody know if any company sells cases?. (Posts: 14; Member since: 31 Jul 2012). posted on 10 Aug 2012, 15:43. I saw some on Amazon from a company called Spigen. Dunno if these are what you're looking for but : http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb _sb_noss?url=search-alias=aps&field- keywords=meizu+mx+case+sgp&rh= i:aps,k:meizu+mx+case+sgp&ajr= 0. (Posts: 14; Member since: 31 Jul 2012). posted on 10 Aug 2012, 15:42. I think these phones are pretty nice. Why don't they sell it here?. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 4.0 inches, 640 x 960 pixels (288 ppi) LCD. Size 4.78 x 2.49 x 0.41 inches (121.3 x 63.3 x 10.3 mm). Samsung Exynos 4 Quad, Quad-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A9 processor. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Find it, buy it and tell us how you really feel.. A dependable product that doesn't really stand out from the competition.. A dependable product that doesn't really stand out from the competition.. The Engadget Score is a unique ranking of products based on extensive independent research and analysis by our expert editorial and research teams. The Global Score is arrived at only after curating hundreds, sometimes thousands of weighted data points (such as critic and user reviews).. The Meizu MX 4-core is a decent quad-core device, but its limited availability outside China and horrendous battery life make it a tough sell for power users.. Includes pentaband radioReasonably pricedGreat audio and video playback. Disappointing battery lifeNo memory expansionQuad-core performance hampered by bugs. I bought it in Shanghai, traded its first generation phone for this one. A dependable product that doesn't really stand out from the competition. After a week's worth of usage, it is safe to say that Meizu's third-ever smartphone has proven to be a huge improvement from the M8 and M9 days ... the MX has been given many unique features that will no doubt help shake away the company's old KIRF image.. This device appears more than ready to take on the top-tier market in China, but certainly isn’t something you’ll want to pay several hundred dollars to import here to the United States.. If you think you have no use for a Chinese iPhone clone running Android, the Meizu MX could drastically change your worldview. Despite a few quirks, the MX is a slick Android- and iOS- inspired hybrid that also flaunts a few tricks of its own.. Meizu MX Review, an International Unlocked Pentaba. The Flyme user interface was unique but really turned me off from the device altogether. The camera is mediocre and is easily bested by most other devices currently available. While some may find the Meizu MX is right up their alley, I don’t recommend it for most consumers.. The Meizu MX made some big promises when it entered the scene and it has delivered on several of them. But it also failed to fulfill others. Also, the pursuit of imitating the iPhone is a big negative in our opinion - it goes beyond borrowing ideas, it straight up copies a few pages.. The Meizu MX is a pretty good Android smartphone. Seriously! It comes with a well-made custom interface, a decent 4-inch display, and the hardware inside it classifies as future-proof. Perhaps the overly plasticky feel is the only thing that truly bothers us.. Hands-on: Meizu MX 4 core review. In the end though, this is a seriously impressive smartphone. It isn't without its bugs - such as mapping, which had major issues getting a location for us in London. But those aside, the MX feels refreshingly different. Its design is blatantly based on one of the best around; the iPhone, and is good because of it.. Meizu MX 4-Core Review: It's Like Sticking A V10 I. The MX 4-Core really is like a Ford Pinto with a V10 engine... A bit of a gas-guzzler, and Flyme OS's limitations and irregularities make it really hard to figure out just how to use all of that extra power. A poor call quality experience and an abnormal display resolution don't help make the sale.. Power users (and most moderate phone users, for that matter) will scoff at the battery life and the smaller qHD display... Despite some of its flaws, we can't help but have a hearty helping of admiration for a device like the MX 4-core.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Search Images Maps Play YouTube Gmail Drive Calendar More ». Apps My apps Shop Games Family Editors' Choice Movies My movies Shop Studios Books My books Shop Audiobooks Comics Entertainment. Account My subscriptions Redeem Buy gift card My wishlist My Play activity Parent guide Privacy. Daydream Android Wear Art & Design Auto & Vehicles Beauty Books & Reference Business Comics Communication Dating Education Entertainment Events Finance Food & Drink Health & Fitness House & Home Libraries & Demo Lifestyle Maps & Navigation Medical Music & Audio News & Magazines Parenting Personalisation Photography Productivity Shopping Social Sports Tools Travel & Local Video Players & Editors Weather Games Action Adventure Arcade Board Card Casino Casual Educational Music Puzzle Racing Role Playing Simulation Sports Strategy Trivia Word Family Ages 5 & Under Ages 6-8 Ages 9 & Over Action & Adventure Brain Games Creativity Education Music and video Pretend play. Powerful video player with advanced hardware acceleration and subtitle support. a) HARDWARE ACCELERATION - Hardware acceleration can be applied to more videos with the help of new HW+ decoder. b) MULTI-CORE DECODING - MX Player is the first Android video player which supports multi-core decoding. Test result proved that dual-core device's performance is up to 70% better than single-core devices. c) PINCH TO ZOOM, ZOOM AND PAN - Easily zoom in and out by pinching and swiping across the screen. Zoom and Pan is also available by option. d) SUBTITLE GESTURES - Scroll forward/backward to move to next/previous text, Up/down to move text up and down, Zoom in/out to change text size. e) KIDS LOCK - Keep your kids entertained without having to worry that they can make calls or touch other apps. (plugin required) Subtitle formats: - DVD, DVB, SSA/ASS subtitle tracks. - SubStation Alpha(.ssa/.ass) with full styling. - SAMI(.smi) with Ruby tag support. - SubRip(.srt) - MicroDVD(.sub) - VobSub(.sub/.idx) - SubViewer2.0(.sub) - MPL2(.mpl) - TMPlayer(.txt) - Teletext - PJS(.pjs) - WebVTT(.vtt) ****** About "Draw over other apps" permission: This permission is required to block system buttons when input blocking is activated on the playback screen. About "Pair with Bluetooth devices" permission: This permission is required to improve AV sync when Bluetooth headset is connected. About "Disable screen lock" permission: This permission is required to remove screen lock temporarily when Kids lock mode is used. Nevertheless, secure screen lock will not be disabled. About "Control vibration", "Prevent device from sleeping" permissions: These permissions are required for media playback on some devices. ****** If you are facing "package file is invalid" error, please install it again from product home page (https://sites.google.com/site/mxvpen/download) ****** If you have any questions, please visit our Facebook Page or XDA MX Player forum. https://www.facebook.com/MX.Player.Official http://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/mx-player Some of the screens are from the Elephants Dreams licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5. (c) copyright 2006, Blender Foundation / Netherlands Media Art Institute / www.elephantsdream.org Some of the screens are from the Big Buck Bunny licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported. (c) copyright 2008, Blender Foundation / www.bigbuckbunny.org. 5 4,264,747. 4 995,172. 3 360,522. 2 149,989. 1 269,775. I love this apps very much. I've used this apps for several years and it never give me any problem so far yet. Even my child able to use it easily. The folder that contain video was already organize and it save my time to search any video that my child & I want to watch since i have hundreds of video n movie inside my phone. Now, all my family members have used this apps as their most favorite video player. Thanks & Keep it Up!. This is the best of best app. I recommended all my friends to use it. One suggestion is give the different sound effects like Bass,Heavy metal,pop up,Rock etc.. while playing videos and give video trimmer also. Thank u so much giving this app😍😙 ವಂದನೆಗಳು 👈. i have been using this app about 4 years.. and i never found any problem ntil i use it in android 7.0, when i try to open video in mkv format with ssa in it, it always bilding font case and it quite consume considerate time. how do i fix this problem. honestly i can't find other player as good as this if only font case problemvis solved would be the best.. Been using for a long time. But since switch to mi video, i found its not as good as i tough. I watch from NAS and if wifi is lost for brief time it might not recover. And couldnt set it well for streaming, buffer quite a bit. The best player on play store but it has ghost touch, when app is on, it thinks fingers are touching it but nothing is and makes the screen flicker allot. It's the only app that messes up. I been using this app for years, the best. The ads i must say yes it bothers but for free app, im still okay with it. Over all, most reliable app to watch movie so far. Keep up a good work guys!. Azmie Jaafar 15 February 2018. I love this apps very much. I've used this apps for several years and it never give me any problem so far yet. Even my child able to use it easily. The folder that contain video was already organize and it save my time to search any video that my child & I want to watch since i have hundreds of video n movie inside my phone. Now, all my family members have used this apps as their most favorite video player. Thanks & Keep it Up!. Ravindrakumar Eranna 16 February 2018. This is the best of best app. I recommended all my friends to use it. One suggestion is give the different sound effects like Bass,Heavy metal,pop up,Rock etc.. while playing videos and give video trimmer also. Thank u so much giving this app😍😙 ವಂದನೆಗಳು 👈. 유리수산티 8 February 2018. i have been using this app about 4 years.. and i never found any problem ntil i use it in android 7.0, when i try to open video in mkv format with ssa in it, it always bilding font case and it quite consume considerate time. how do i fix this problem. honestly i can't find other player as good as this if only font case problemvis solved would be the best.. Probably the font cache might have corrupted. Kindly go to settings » general & clear the font cache. Then, open any file with SSA subtitle. fresh font cache will be created. Once new font caches are generated, it won't show font caching screen again until or unless there is a new font which requires caching.. J2 Interactive 10 February 2018. Pawel Hyzopski 6 February 2018. Been using for a long time. But since switch to mi video, i found its not as good as i tough. I watch from NAS and if wifi is lost for brief time it might not recover. And couldnt set it well for streaming, buffer quite a bit. Kindly do the following to send the bug report to us.. Open MX Player & Reproduce the issue you have mentioned.. Once you have reproduced, immediately open Menu » Help » Bug Report. Press OK to send the report. Don't forget to add some details about the issue in the mail description.. We'll check the logs & revert back.. J2 Interactive 7 February 2018. Andy DBvet 10 February 2018. The best player on play store but it has ghost touch, when app is on, it thinks fingers are touching it but nothing is and makes the screen flicker allot. It's the only app that messes up. I been using this app for years, the best. Unlike most other apps, MX Player is very sensitive to even a minor touch event. Probably, your touch panel has some issues. Kindly tap on build number on your devices about system settings to enable developer options. Once it's enabled, Just enable the options to show taps & pointer locations. It will help you diagnose the touch issues.. J2 Interactive 10 February 2018. Sazulia Samsuddin 12 February 2018. The ads i must say yes it bothers but for free app, im still okay with it. Over all, most reliable app to watch movie so far. Keep up a good work guys!. Chamberlain Olisa 22 February 2018. Having use this app for years.. loved it but I don't know, now I can't download subtitles from the app again like I used to.. i don't know if the update has issues or that it's no longer compatible with OS 7.0 please treat as urgent... Who Cares? 13 February 2018. But whenever i play music in background and on shuffle mode, it only plays the current song and stops after that without completely.. Jack Wiggins 6 February 2018. Nothing but one full page ad after another - can't even play any video because you can't stop the advertising long enough to start one going. I've seen greedy authors but this player is nothing but a shill for advertising. Mark Fernie 17 February 2018. They are putting obtrusive ads in the feed. I will see if I can remove them with a blocker otherwise uninstalling. Tanay Sai 11 February 2018. Used to be a great media player earlier. Latest version is full of full screen ads. Times Internet Group has ruined the player after they acquired the app.. M S Manjunath Bhat 21 February 2018. I am using this app from a very long time and never faced any issues but now I am seeing few bugs like - video stops sometimes playing only audio, if i touch the seek bar then video resumes playback and I found one more bug where video timer never stops even after video playback is complete. Hope this information helps in QA.. A Google User 22 February 2018. Too many adds.specially that paused screen add is annoying. I would like to wish more.how about scrolling interface.I mean the main window scrolling videos like in gallery. mark clyne 12 February 2018. Was a perfect app untill ad bombardment. This used to be my number one media player but since ad bombardment was brought in it has fallen down the pecking order.. abdo dawd 10 February 2018. I used to love the app but after the updates it turns junk the settings i choose not working specially the backgrounds play and if it works it play the next song and dont wont to play the previous one at all i need to exit and restart the phone to play it right...... Kindly do the following to send the bug report. Open MX Player & Reproduce the issue you have mentioned.. Once you have reproduced, immediately open Menu » Help » Bug Report. Press OK to send the report along with some details about the issue in the mail description.. We'll check the logs & revert back.. J2 Interactive 10 February 2018. Matthew Green 18 February 2018. It's a 5 star app, but having ads I can see and/or hear costs 1 star, having those ads fullscreen costs another star and asking me to rate costs a further star. Parvinder Pal Singh 24 February 2018. Bhai bekarrrrrrrrrr ki adddssss to hatadddooo bekar player is se badiya to xplayer hai adds to ni atti. Raddi app min ke badd add ajati hai. Banda apni video chod kar ke salli bekar add dekhne lag jao. Mark Luceño 25 February 2018. with some advanced features but the ads when pausing the video is annoying. The point of pausing a video is when you want to look for something and those ads are rendering it impossible to view. Oyedele Samuel 20 February 2018. I have recommended this app to over 100 people, just because of its easy access to video subtitle. But over 3months now the app is not what it used to be again, to subtitle a video is a problem.. The communication between this app and the subtitle website is not as smooth as b4. Please fix dis asap b4 we option for vlc or better app. Thanks i hoped to hear from u soon. It may happen when there are too much of subtitle requests from the same IP. In subtitle search dialogue, tap on opensubtitle.org. Enter your username & password if you have any. You may register the register button. There are no limitations if you use your own account to download.. If the problem persists, kindly report the issue in our forum. J2 Interactive 20 November 2017. Joteesh Vemulapalli 5 February 2018. Right side volume control is controlling brightness. Volume is not working properly with right side control. Kindly go to MX Player Settings » Player » Control & enable the volume gesture. Probably you might have disabled it accidentally. When you disable it, all vertical swipes will be considered as brightness gesture. If you still have any difficulties, kindly reach by mail (mxvideoplayer@gmail.com). J2 Interactive 6 February 2018. Buck Rodgers 20 February 2018. Give it Chromecast support!!!! I've had MX Player for years and it has always played anything I needed since flash was disemboweled. Nowadays with all the streaming and everything it continues to be good. Give it Chromecast support!!!! Then five stars.. Purushottam Soni 7 February 2018. Sometimes voice delayed 2-3 seconds or more and didn't match with video. or give a option to set this like some other players.. Vijay Pratap Singh 13 February 2018. Hi guys if you are listening to your users please add screenshot button on your user interface. Because in my Android phone I can only take full HD photos according to my screen resolution by holding volume down and power key simultaneously. But my device is capable to play 4K video so I also want screenshots in that resolution. So please add this feature in MX Player. SUVENDU MANDAL 19 February 2018. Easy to use, useful features, customisable. Always pops out some unwanted most disgusting ads. That's the only reason why i started hating this app.. According to me, it's the best video player, but it would be even more better if it could play multiple floating video windows at once... I hope to see that feature in next update so soon... I some times need such ability and I've found it in another apps, but with low performance, and I hope to be able to find this feature in my favorite app dispensing other low-performanced apps. We will share your thoughts with our product team.. We will be glad to improve our services for you.. J2 Interactive 10 February 2018. Rommel Muldon 23 February 2018. But still.it has flaws.always reinstaling it now and then and why i cant delete permanently other vids it keeps on coming back.so i gave it 3 stars only!. Saptarshi Mandal 20 February 2018. Now there is a problem downloading subtitles. Before few months there was no problem downloading subtitles. Asking again and again to log in open subtitles. Purushottam Dike 13 February 2018. Make number of ads by which we can click once and upto week not single ad will show on app.. Adnan Al Hashmi 11 February 2018. This is my favorite video player but! It just misses Chromecast. It was simply a great app... But since a few days there exists a problem with the app... The playback turns off automatically after 5 minutes or something... It used to work but since last two updates it has stopped working. The audio video sync got messed up. Kindly do the following to send the bug report to us.. Open MX Player & Reproduce the issue you have mentioned.. Once you have reproduced, immediately open Menu » Help » Bug Report. Press OK to send the report. Don't forget to add some details about the issue in the mail description.. We'll check the logs & revert back.. J2 Interactive 23 February 2018. Rajdip Rathod 12 February 2018. supports all video formats, better than other players but one problem. It uses more ram than other players. Will give 5 stars if this issue is solved.. Abangnya Budi 25 February 2018. Ive been using this app for 3 years.. But still wouldnt get 5 stars.. If there is adjustment of syncronizing for audio, of course it will get 5 stars.. suresh ahir 12 February 2018. But in the new update I am not able to search subtitles and that's really annoying.. Ayush Budhauliya 22 February 2018. Best media player on play store! I've been using it for 5 years now and I must say they have impressed me all these years.... ajay poonia 18 February 2018. But today I download a movie and it was in dr.avi format. When I try to play it, I was unable to do so. Hope you would show some path to play it.. Rachid Ben Omar 25 February 2018. The new centered ads are highly annoying and have just earned yourselves 1 star. Uzair Ahmad 25 February 2018. Too many ads but useful also. Ads Don't let you enjoy any video.. Nikita Nicholas 23 February 2018. Nyc in viewing videos and can able to download proper subtitles from the app itself. Didnt face any problem so far. Stephen Mollett 11 February 2018. Small and fast; plays pretty much anything I can throw at it. The hardware decoding support makes it especially good on older hardware that may not have enough welly to decode smoothly in software.. • Fixed: Brightness value on the screen doesn't match with settings.. • Fixed: Brightness can't be reduced up to system lowest brightness.. • Improved brightness scaling algorithm to make it smoother on low screen brightness conditions.. • Fixed some ANRs on x86 devices.. Visit website Email mxvideoplayer@gmail.com Privacy Policy. Videolabs Free. VLC for Android is the best open source video and music player, fast and easy!. PANDORA.TV Free. Best Mobile Video Player in the world. No encoding, Mirror Mode, HD, kmp. 4K & HD Video Player for All Formats NO BANNER ADS. GOM & Company Free. BSPlayer media Free. Best media experience for you, give it a try - you won't regret it!. turtlerun Free. The most easiest and powerful video player. mytechnosound Free. FIPE Video Player - Play All Videos. FIPE Labs Free. ALL FORMAT, FLOATING, NETWORK HD, FLIP Best video player you've been seeking!. accountlab Free. Best player for local/network content, subtitle download, scraping & scrobbling. android player Free. Video Player for Android, the easiest video player in the market.. VideoPlayer Labs Free. The most powerful & beautiful Video and Music player for your Android phone!. Litter Penguin Free. Quick search all video and music files, perfectly supports all video formats.. Music and video Free. Video player is one of the best in music & video app. PlayerXtreme Media Player - Movies & streaming. Xtreme Media Works Free. All format media player for movies, videos, music & online streaming.. All-in-one media player to "Discover latest videos to watch online & offline". J2 Interactive Free. MX Player Codec for ARMv7 NEON CPUs.. J2 Interactive $7.40. Powerful video player with advanced hardware acceleration and subtitle supports.. J2 Interactive Free. MX Player Codec for ARMv7 CPUs, including NVIDIA® Tegra™ 2.. J2 Interactive Free. MX Player Codec for ARMv6 CPUs.. J2 Interactive Free. MX Player Codec for Tegra™ 3 CPU.. J2 Interactive Free. MX Player Codec for ARMv6 VFP CPUs.. J2 Interactive Free. MX Player Codec for ARMv5 CPUs.. J2 Interactive Free. MX Player Codec for x86 CPUs, including Intel Atom, Intel Core family.. J2 Interactive Free. Kids lock with colorful shapes and animations.. J2 Interactive Free. A system log collecting & sending tool.. ©2018 Google Site Terms of Service Privacy Developers About Google All prices include GST.. By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments Terms of service and Privacy Notice .. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. [Tutorial] MEIZU MX5 BL UNLOCK! by tzzzz. MX General MX Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting MX Accessories MX Android Development MX Original Android Development. 2 i have ever made some roms. samsung other … 1 (quote) that doesn't work. bootloader, and … 1 (quote). out the unlock … 1 I found the solution how. possible for … 1 Yes i 'm on Internationnal. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By tzzzz , Junior Member on 24th August 2016, 05:22 AM. I'm not responsible for any damage, bootloop, bricked or broken handsets. 3.install supersu from http://forum.xda-developers.com/show....php?t=1538053 by chainfire. 4.install flashfire from http://forum.xda-developers.com/gene...hfire-t3075433 by chainfire. 5.download Unlocked BL flashable zip from http://forum.xda-developers.com/meiz...-pro5-t3349888 by faust93. JUST FOR THE PHONE.NOT WORK FOR FASTBOOT. if you do not konw thether you unlocked,. if what you see is as same as the video.you did it. then you can use flashfire flash recovvery.img,like this. The Following 3 Users Say Thank You to tzzzz For This Useful Post: [ View ]. kidobi (7th January 2017) , laorynas (26th August 2016) , Naphtha (2nd October 2017). Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Dijon, Cancale, On Earth, In Space. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2014. My Devices: Motorola Defy , Motorola RAZR i , Meizu MX , Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini , Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo , LG G4 , LG Nexus 5X. One Developper can Go to develop Recovery and Custom Rom : MIUI, Cyanogenmod , etc ... What you use ? Flash Zip or OTA ? Mount /System read/Whrite ? i have use this for flash bl unlocker .... How can i see if my bootloader is unlocked after Flash with Flashfire ????. my meizu is ok after reboot but i don't see any info on my bootloader if is unlocked or not ..... Join Date: Joined: Aug 2016. My Devices: Meizu MX , Meizu Pro 5 , Meizu MX6. if what you see is as same as the picture.you did it. then you can use flashfire flash recovvery.img,like this. One Developper can Go to develop Recovery and Custom Rom : MIUI, Cyanogenmod , etc ... What you use ? Flash Zip or OTA ? Mount /System read/Whrite ? i have use this for flash bl unlocker .... How can i see if my bootloader is unlocked after Flash with Flashfire ????. my meizu is ok after reboot but i don't see any info on my bootloader if is unlocked or not ..... Dijon, Cancale, On Earth, In Space. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2014. My Devices: Motorola Defy , Motorola RAZR i , Meizu MX , Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini , Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo , LG G4 , LG Nexus 5X. I try it again and it work. Script succeeded : result was [Done.]. And no problem here reboot : ok and phone work : ok. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2016. My Devices: Meizu MX , Meizu Pro 5 , Meizu MX6. A lot of custom roms is coming. I try it again and it work. Dijon, Cancale, On Earth, In Space. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2014. My Devices: Motorola Defy , Motorola RAZR i , Meizu MX , Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini , Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo , LG G4 , LG Nexus 5X. i'm not a developper i have try to build cyanogenmod on Note 3 neo but it's to hard for my knowledge (i try that with source and i have create directories , etc but it's very hard without developpement training. Are you a Developper of Custom Rom ?. A lot of custom roms is coming. Join Date: Joined: May 2015. My Devices: Meizu MX , Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. Please test this someone with pc And fastboot. Dijon, Cancale, On Earth, In Space. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2014. My Devices: Motorola Defy , Motorola RAZR i , Meizu MX , Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini , Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo , LG G4 , LG Nexus 5X. If you read the first post it's writing black on white " NOT WORK ON FASTBOOT ". Please test this someone with pc And fastboot. Join Date: Joined: May 2015. My Devices: Meizu MX , Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. If you read the first post it's writing black on white " NOT WORK ON FASTBOOT ". Join Date: Joined: Aug 2016. My Devices: Meizu MX , Meizu Pro 5 , Meizu MX6. i have ever made some roms recovery and kernel for samsung other phones,but i have not post it in foreign forum. sorry i don not have so much time for this. i have to study.examination in china is very important(ㅎ.ㅎ). The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to tzzzz For This Useful Post: [ View ]. aaawqw (23rd October 2016) , liaokaichen (26th January 2018). Join Date: Joined: Aug 2016. I am a Chinese?My Meizu MX5 is using the latest version of the firmware?Why does it feel to brush into this useless. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in MX General by ThreadRank. [MOD] Low-RAM Property Patcher for Android. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [APP] themeGalaxy DIY for Samsung Galaxy Note/S/J/C/A [THEME MAKER] [NO-ROOT]. [GUIDE] How-to Use WireGuard on Android and Ubuntu. [ROM] [ 8.1.0 ] Official madOS - Vernee Apollo Lite & X [MT6797]. [APP][PATCHED] Google Phone v17.0.184919600 BUBBLE EDITION[NO ROOT]. [APP] [4.1+] Bromite - Chromium plus adblocking [25 February 2018 - 64.0.3282.182]. [PORT] [WATCHFACES] Stock Watchfaces from Various OEMs. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [Tutorial] MEIZU MX5 BL UNLOCK! by tzzzz. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. An iPhone look-alike that’s surprisingly good value for money. Interface and reliability Flyme OS takes cues from Android and iOS, but feels half-baked No Google apps are pre-installed Despite some flaws, the interface is fast and smooth Performance and benchmarks Speedy performance but average benchmarks No hint of lag when switching between apps. When you first pick up the Meizu MX6 you might expect a relatively straightforward Android overlay, similar to what you’ll find on other Chinese phones like the Huawei P9 , but in fact the fifth version of Meizu’s ‘Flyme OS’ is quite a different animal.. Despite being built upon Android 6.0 Marshmallow, the skin covers up almost every trace of Google’s branding with its own interface, which ends up looking more similar to iOS.. Some similarities to Android are retained, though, such as the notifications panel that includes a wide variety of settings toggles. You can also add widgets directly to the home screens – something Apple has yet to master.. When you first boot up the MX6 there’s an introduction about the Flyme OS, which is followed by a rather perplexing suggestion that you download Google Play Services, in order to access the Play Store, and consequently download all of the Google apps you would expect to find on the phone, such as YouTube, Gmail and Maps.. Why the Play Store and other Google apps couldn’t come pre-installed is a bit of a mystery, but it’s likely something to do with Google’s licensing requirements for pre-installing their services in every country that Meizu ships to.. It may seem like a small thing, but it’s the kind of behavior you would expect from the cheap Chinese handsets you’ll find on eBay, not from a major brand trying to spread its wings beyond Asia.. Once you do download a few of Google’s key apps, the MX6 will feel a little more familiar to most, but of course this is entirely optional. If you prefer, you can stick with Meizu’s own app store, but it does feel like a cheap imitation of the Google Play Store, with some apps that we’d recommend you avoid, such as “Super Maryo Running Free”… yeah.. There’s also a “Hot Apps” section, which provides quick access to the most commonly used apps including WhatsApp, Instagram and, err, Pokemon Go. Downloads were speedy and the apps seemed to work well, but we'd still recommend that you install the Google Play Store to ensure the legitimacy of any apps you download.. Navigating Flyme OS is a bit of a bewildering experience, as there isn’t the default three-icon combination of back, home and multi-tasking buttons that most Android phones use. Instead, the single home button takes you back to the home screen when clicked, or acts as a back button when tapped.. Though it may seem like a good idea, it’s an unfamiliar way of navigating, and we often ended up going back to the previous screen rather than going to the home screen. We discovered the multi-tasking menu - which can be accessed by swiping up from the bottom of the screen - almost by accident.. Like on iOS, many of the apps and settings have their back button located in the top-left of the screen, which is particularly inconvenient when using the phone with one hand.. Hidden within the Accessibility menu, the ‘SmartTouch’ feature adds a floating widget that sits on top of the home screen or any apps, and adds easy navigation in the form of an ever-present dot that can be tapped to go back, swiped left or right to switch apps, and also offers various other handy navigational shortcuts.. The widget does sometimes obscure text and other onscreen elements, so it’s not as easy as having permanent icons or capacitive buttons, but it helps.. The MX6 also recognizes a number of wake-up gestures. You can double tap to wake, swipe up to unlock, swipe down to access the notifications, or add in a range of custom gestures that allow you to launch straight into your most used apps.. Other handy features include an ‘Eye protective mode’, which changes the color temperature of the screen depending on the time of day, and aims to reduce the amount of blue light emitted to help avoid eye strain – though this same feature can be replicated by apps on other phones.. Should you prefer, you can independently adjust the color temperature of the screen, allowing you to give it a warmer, cooler or more vibrant hue, depending on your preference.. Finally, we should mention that the fingerprint scanner is accurate and responsive, and gives you the option to register multiple digits to make unlocking the phone that little bit easier.. MediaTek is now powering the vast majority of cheaper phones in China, though not all its chipsets are for slower budget phones. The Meizu MX6 features a MediaTek Helio X20, which is a deca-core chipset with two A72 cores clocked at 2.3GHz.. The SoC is coupled with a pretty powerful ARM Mali-T880 GPU and 4GB of RAM, which helps the MX6 fly through day-to-day tasks without any hint of slowdown. Apps launched without lag, and games loaded quickly and without any compatibility issues.. To compare the MX6 against other current smartphones, we put it through the Geekbench 4 benchmarking app, which tests a range of device capabilities and translates the results into a score based on single and multi-core performance. The scores may not necessarily reflect real-world speed, but give an indication of the chipset's power.. A multi-core score of 3576 puts the MX6 firmly in line with many other mid-range phones. It’s a fair way below a flagship like the Sony Xperia Z5 (which scored 4015), but not far below the HTC One M9 (which scored 3803).. The single-core result of 1318 isn’t too bad either, and puts it ahead of the Oppo F1 Plus , which scored a rather paltry 869.. Although the benchmark results were fairly average, they don’t tell the whole story when it comes to overall performance of the MX6, which was suitably speedy throughout our time with it.. Prev Page Introduction, design and display. Next Page Battery life and camera. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
