GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 153.8 x 76 x 7.4 mm (6.06 x 2.99 x 0.29 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.3% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Octa-core (4x2.3 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 RAM. 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.9", 1.25 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 5 MP (f/2.0, 1.4 µm), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M3x - user opinions and reviews. I got this device a couple of days ago. This is the best part of this mobile phone. Deep blacks, great contrast, punchy colors. Thin (7.4mm) and great build quality. Yep, it has 2 sim cards only, no hybrid.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu MX6 Meizu M5 Note Meizu U20 Meizu M3 Note Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus). Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu M3X. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu M3X smartphone was launched in November 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Meizu M3X is powered by 2.3GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P20 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu M3X packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu M3X runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 3200mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.80 x 76.00 x 7.40 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 165.00 grams. The Meizu M3X is a dual SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Release date November 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 153.80 x 76.00 x 7.40 Weight (g) 165.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3200 Removable battery No Colours Pearl White, Phantom Blue, Gold, Obsidian Black. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 2.3GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek Helio P20 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 6.0 Skin Flyme OS. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu M3X. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. LG G3 Dual Lte Meizu M3x vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime Meizu M3x vs. Apple iPhone 6 Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Meizu M3x Meizu M5 Note vs. Meizu M3 Note Meizu M3x vs. Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 Meizu M3x vs. Meizu M3 Note Meizu M3x vs. Meizu Pro 6 Meizu M5s vs. Meizu M3x Meizu M3x vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu M3X in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Dec 8, 2016. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.29 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. The Meizu M3X is equipped with a 5.5-inch AMOLED screen with 2.5D double-sided glass. With its 1080 x 1920 resolution, the M3X features a 401ppi pixel density. The MediaTek Helio P20 chipset is under the hood, containing an octa-core 2.3GHz CPU and the Mali-T880 GPU. There are two different variants of the phone. One carries 3GB of LPDDR4 RAM with 32GB of internal storage. The other version comes with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM along with 64GB of native storage. The rear-facing 12MP camera includes a Sony IMX 386 sensor with a pixel size of 1.25µm and PDAF laser auto focus. The front-facing camera weighs in at 5MP. Keeping the lights on is a 3200mAh battery with mCharge rapid charging.. Dimensions: 6.06 x 2.99 x 0.29 inches (153.8 x 76 x 7.4 mm). Weight: 5.82 oz (165 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Glass; Accents: Aluminum. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Phase detection, Laser). Software Features: Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 30 Nov 2016. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 290. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu M3X specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu M3X is now official; handset features Helio P20 chipset with 3GB/4GB of RAM. Meizu M3X and Meizu Pro 6 Plus both appear on Geekbench. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Meizu M3X vs Meizu MX6 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android Android (6.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions 6.06 x 2.99 x 0.29 inches (153.8 x 76 x 7.4 mm) 6.05 x 2.96 x 0.29 inches (153.6 x 75.2 x 7.25 mm). Weight 5.82 oz (165 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Glass; Accents: Aluminum Main body: Metal. Colors Black, Gold, Blue, White Gold, Gray, Pink, White. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Peak brightness 500 cd/m2 (nit) 500 cd/m2 (nit). Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection, Laser) Autofocus (Phase detection), CMOS image sensor. Software Features Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Touch to focus, Face detection, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, Panorama Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder Yes 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps). Features Video calling, Video sharing Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 5 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. MediaTek Helio P20 MT6757 MediaTek Helio X20 MT6797. Octa-core, 2300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Deca-core, 2300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 20 nm. 4 GB RAM 4 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots 2 slots. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers) Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Connector USB Type-C (reversible) USB Type-C (reversible). Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass GPS, A-GPS, Glonass. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 30 Nov 2016 19 Jul 2016. MSRP price $ 290 $ 300. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Meizu’s VP Talks About Meizu M3x (2018) And Its Price Point. December 28, 2017 - Written By Kristijan Lucic. The Meizu M3x is one of Meizu’s mid-range smartphones which dropped this year, and it seems like its successor is on the way. The company’s VP, Li Nan, actually revealed that the Meizu M3x’s successor is in plans for the company, and he also mentioned that the next-gen Meizu M3x will be considerably more powerful than its predecessor, which actually suggests that it could be a high-end smartphone. Nan hinted that the Meizu M3x (2018) could end up costing around 2,499 Yuan ($382), which is also suggesting that it will be way more powerful than its predecessor, as the original M3x was priced at 1,699 Yuan ($260).. Having said that, the Meizu M3x was announced back in November 2016, which means that its successor should arrive any day now, as it has been 13 months since the original M3x dropped. The original Meizu M3x was made out of metal and glass, which was not exactly something we were used to seeing from the company, as Meizu usually manufactures smartphone with metal unibody designs. In any case, the original Meizu M3x featured a front-facing fingerprint scanner, which was actually a part of the company’s multifunctional mBack physical home key. The device also sported a single camera on its back, and it was fueled by the Helio P20 SoC. The original Meizu M3x came in two variants, one variant shipped with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of native storage, while the other one sported 4GB of RAM and 64GB of native storage. Now, it’s safe to assume that the new Meizu M3x will ship with considerably thinner bezels than its predecessor, and it will probably be made out of metal and glass yet again.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. The Meizu M3x (2018) could arrive with one of Qualcomm’s processors, and it is possible that the inclusion of Qualcomm’s chip makes the phone a bit more expensive than before, but we’re only guessing now, not a single spec-related tidbit surfaced just yet. The Meizu M3x will probably arrive in the near future, before the Meizu M15 Plus and Meizu M6s, so stay tuned for that, we’ll let you know as soon as Meizu makes the phone official.. Rugged Samsung Galaxy X Handset May Debut At CES 2018. Galaxy S8, S8 Plus Getting New Android 8.0 Oreo Beta Update. Android News , Chinese Smartphones , Meizu. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Meizu M3X: 96 facts and highlights. 8 x 2.3GHz (MediaTek Helio P20). Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. IPS (In-Plane Switching) is a technology used for LCDs. It was designed to overcome the main limitations of normal TFTs TN-matrices: relatively slow response times, small viewing angles and low quality color reproduction.. NFC (near field communication) allows a device to perform simple wireless transactions.. A dual-tone flash has LED lights with different color temperatures, delivering a better color balance to photos and videos.. With a wider aperture the sensor can capture more light, helping to avoid blur by enabling a faster shutter speed. It also provides a shallow depth of field, allowing you to blur the background to focus attention on the subject.. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Meizu M3x. All Listings - Current page. Save Meizu M3x to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Meizu M3x to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Original Meizu M3X Meilan X Helio P20 Octa core Cellphone 5.5" FHD Dual Sim. Tempered Glass For Meizu M6 M5 M5S M3 M3S Note Full Cover Screen Protective Film. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note U10 U20 Shockproof Matte Slim Hard Back Cover Case Skin. Tempered Glass For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M3X M3E Full Cover Protector Film. Original MEIZU M3X Meilan X Helio P20 Octa Core 5.5" 4G LTE 4GB+64GB Smartphone. Meizu M3X Meilan X 5.5 inch 1920*1080 Octa Core Helio P20 3GB 12MP Camera 32GB. For Meizu A5 M5S M5 M6 Note Shockproof Hybrid Case Armor Rugged Kickstand Cover. Tempered Glass For Meizu M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M5CFull Cover Screen Protector Film. 2pcs For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M3X M3E 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Phone Case. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Meizu Series Phones. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Linear Skins. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cute Christmas. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Cats Friends. 5.5For Meizu M3X Case For Meizu M3X Meilan X Cell Phone Back Cover Case. For Meizu Meilan X M3X 5.5" Crazy Horse PU Leather Case Cover Flip Card Slot. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Hot Texts. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Lucky Cats. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Moonwalk. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Skulls. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Fruits. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Lemon. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Plaid Line. Original MEIZU M3X Meilan X Helio P20 Octa Core 5.5" 4G LTE 4GB+64GB Smartphone. For Meizu Meilan X M3X 5.5" Tempered Screen Film Tough Hybrid Armor Cover Case. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Mouse Bus. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Colors Owl. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Pocket. Cases For Meizu M3X Soft TPU Silicone Skins Phone Back Covers Dresses. Case For Meizu M3X Soft Black TPU Back Covers Protective Blossom Skins Shell. Case For Meizu M3X Soft Black TPU Back Covers Protective Skins Cats. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Skins Dessert. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Skins Floral. New 3D Rainbow Unicorn Flip PU Leather Wallet Phone Case Cover For MeiZu. 3D Girls' Mirror Bling Diamond Hot pink Rhinestone Tassel Phone Soft Case Cover. 3D Girls' Mirror Bling Diamond pink fur ball bow Tassel Phone Soft Case Cover. 3D Girls' Mirror Bling Diamond Rhinestone bow tassel Phone Soft Case Cover #C. 3D Luxury Bling Diamond Crystal Ring Holder Stand Kickstand Mirror Phone Case #I. For Meizu Meilan X M3X M682Q 5.5" Christmas Plastic Case Cover Tower Butterfly. For Meizu Meilan X M3X M682Q 5.5" Soft TPU Mirror Case Cover Luxury Make up New. 3D Diamond Bling fur ball bow tassel mirror Soft Phone cover case skin & strap A. 360° Protective Shockproof Transparent Soft TPU Back Case Cover Skin For MeiZu. For Meizu Meilan Smart Phones Case Magnetic Silk PU Leather Stand Window Cover. Mirror Bling Diamond Rhinestone Ring Kickstand Case Cover For Various Phone #1. Luxury Vertical Magnetic Flip Phone Cover For Meizu Meilan Various Phone. For Meizu M3X NILLKIN Super Frosted Shield Matte Rigid Plastic Back Covers Cases. For MEIZU Mobiles Luxury Stand Window view Silk PU Leather Flip Cover Skin Case. New fashion Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch case skin cover #5 W. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Soft Back Phone Dynamic Cover Case & strap P. Luxury Magnet Crocodile PU Leather Stand Slot Wallet Flip Case Cover For Meizu. Fashion Cute Detachable Rose Flower Strap Hard Case Cover for iPhone Oppo Xiaomi. Meizu M3x X Cover Case Tpu + Tempered Glass Silicone Gel Thick Soft Soft 3D. 24 new & refurbished from $15.71. Jewelled Bling Crystal Full Rhinestone Diamond Soft TPU Back phone cover case C3. Luxury Ultra Thin Slim Matte Hard Back Cover Case For Meizu Various Models. For iPhone Samsung Huawei Oneplus Meizu Xiaomi Asus Sony LG Tempered Glass Film. Retro Pouch Case Leather Flip Stand Cover Phone Back Skin Pouch Bags For Meizu. Tempered Glass For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M3X M3E Full Cover Protector Film. For Meizu Meilan X M3X M682Q 5.5" Soft Silicone Mirror Case Cover Make Up Silver. M2 M3 M5 M6 Note m3s E2 M5 M5c M5s Pro 6 6s 7 Plus etc. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The Xiaomi online store is ranked among the first 3 in India. Huawei officially Launched MateBook X Pro In MWC 18: Totally Bezel-Less!. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S Release Date Set – Poster Confirms Snapdragon 845!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 With Different Camera Configuration Hitting China Pretty Soon. Google officially launches ARCore SDK out of preview and Lens search. The wait is over as Xiaomi Redmi 4A gets stable MIUI 9 Update. Microsoft and Xiaomi signed a strategic Partnership. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro gets Face Unlock with latest MIUI 9.2.4 Update. Xiaomi Mi Max 3 likely to come with Wireless Charging and Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro – a resounding success in India. Home > Comparison > Meizu M3X Review – Back in Style!. Meizu M3X Review – Back in Style!. 1 31 3 minutes read. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Odnoklassniki Pocket. In short, Meizu X is a top device when it comes hardware and feature,. with only noticeable downside being the absence of NFC. In short, Meizu X feels like a flagship in design and build quality!. In short, Flyme OS runs great and once you get used to it,. you probably won’t touch anything else. Meizu have been written off by many in this year, but have slowly started to rise,. delivering a handful of astonishing devices(which I will be reviewing). Now, this phone packs the new and very improved Helio P20. (2.3GHz Octa-Core with Mali T880MP2), the successor to Helio P10/15. (found in Moto M, Meizu M3 Note, Vernee Mars, UMi Super and more).. The Helio P20 is a direct competitor to the Snapdragon 625. (Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime, Moto Z, Zenfone 3, Huawei Nova …). and it really delivers, as you’ll see in the Performance segment.. It’s built on a newer fabrication process, meaning that it’s smaller. and generates less heat, extending battery life and performance, while keeping cool.. It’s also the first MTK chip to use DDR4X(ultra-low-voltage, for even better battery life).. The Meizu X packs a gorgeous 5.5-inch IPS FHD Screen with very thin bezels,. making for a great viewing experience. A truly flagship display with vivid colours,. deep blacks and great sunlight visibility.. The camera is one of Sony’s latest Exmor RS series – IMX386 with Phase-detection AF ,. a very capable sensor for the price, and much better than most of the competition.. The Signature Meizu Front All-In-One button. (that is a back, home, menu and fingerprint scanner). The body is a one-glass solution and is super-light and feels great to hold,. On the top we find the noise cancelling mic, along with proximity/light sensor. and the actual microphone and Front Camera.. On the Right side is the volume and power buttons, which are very stable. And on the other side, you’ll find the Dual Nano-Sim/SD compartment.. The Back looks stunning thanks to the glass finish and on the bottom. you have the speaker, USB-C port, another noise-cancelling mic. The Meizu X is also quite thin and solid thanks to the metal rim around the edges,. which is painted with just a small bit of texture to provide excellent grip.. And here is the 5.5-inch IPS Display in action again, while the Display is 5.5-inches,. it’s not a big phone, because it has great screen-body ratio.. Meizu’s Flyme OS is as legendary as the MIUI in Xiaomi, as they have been using. the same design principle from the get-go, which is simplicity in use, and elegant design.. You also get plenty of features and customization options,. like the Blue-Light Filter, advanced Power management,. Home key customization, drive assistant and advanced Notifications manager.. The best feature on Flyme OS right now is the Multi-Window Interface. You just slide up from the home to open the recent apps menu,. and when you see a “Multi” button on the windows,. it means you can dual-app at the same time, like for instance. Chrome+Youtube or Facebook+Twitter, and both apps work great. and can be controlled individually without any issues!. General performance and gaming was very smooth on the Meizu X,. I had no issues Multi-Tasking, running graphics intensive games and in general performance.. As I said earlier, this is a direct competitor to the Snapdragon 625,. and it scores and performs higher in almost all benchmarks!. Here are benchmark scores comparison with Redmi 4 Prime from. Antutu, Geekbench, Epic Citadel and AndroBench:. Games also ran great, with no performance issues,. just like in the Redmi 4 Prime. In short, the Meizu X and Helio P20 deliver in Performance and Battery Life, matching and even exceeding 95% of the device within that price range!. More Photo and Video Samples can be found in my FLICKR profile. In short, Meizu X delivers a great camera experience,. and with future updates it will only improve further. Here you see a slight difference in GPU score, but the Helio P20 is the clear winner. Geekbench scores continue to prove that the Helio P20’s CPU. especially in multi-tasking than the Snapdragon 625.. Epic Citadel scores are practically identical, with the Adreno 506. edging the T880MP2 by a SINGLE FRAME, which in reality is nothing.. Battery life is definitely not an issue with the Helio P20 as the standby time,. GPS and Gaming take little toll on the 3200mAh battery,. with over 6Hrs of SoT on a heavy usage day,. or 4-5Hrs over the course of 2-3 days with moderate usage possible.. I really loved how both cams performed in good conditions,. delivering flagship image quality for half the price! Low-Light images can be tricky to take,. but as long as you spot-focus on a illuminated subject, photos look very good.. Meizu’s camera interface hasn’t changed much, and you can see. it still offers all the modes you need.. The 12MP Main and 5MP camera are both capable, and can record 1080p Videos,. and you can apply the same filters on them.. The Full Manual Mode is available in both cams, as well as the Customizable Beauty Mode. I found the 12MP Sony camera to perform outstanding in good conditions. The Front Cam is also quite capable. Meizu X is just a great phone. With good performance, battery life and cameras,. while having a stunning look and features, it’s very hard to beat at ~200$ price!. CHINESE NEW YEAR TECH SALE, HUGE DISCOUNTS! GREAT DEALS!. CHECK OUT THIS HUGE SMARTPHONES AND TABLETS SALE!. Helio P20 Meizu Blue Charm Meizu M3X. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Odnoklassniki Pocket Share via Email Print. Tech Expert, Cinema Enthusiast and an All-Round Good Guy :). UHANS U300 - Tough and Beautiful. Exquizon LED GP12 Portable Projector Review: Mobility & Usability for just $70.99. Meizu vs Xiaomi? Meizu E2 vs Redmi Note 4. Flyme 6 Update Officially Released – Download Links Inside. Top Reasons Not To Buy Meizu M5s!. Meizu X Preview: First in-hand Images Released. Aug 12, 2017 at 1:40 am. i concern about the manual control of the camera, especially the shutter speed, if you could tell me how long the slowest shutter speed? thank you. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published.. Please enter an answer in digits:. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. [Don’t Miss] OnePlus 5T 128GB Variant at $629.99 ONLY(Coupon Inside)!. Xiaomi Mi 7 to arrive with OLED Panel & Always on Display. BEST CAMERA SETTINGS For Redmi Note 3 & 4!. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S Release Date Set – Poster Confirms Snapdragon 845!. Xiaomi Blackshark Smartphone shows up on AnTuTu with impressive score. How to Enable Documents App on Xiaomi Phones (Step-By-Step Guide). [ Big Deal ] Infinix Zero 5 with only 269.99$ At Gearbest + Free Shipping. Stylish Warmest Homelike LED Half Unicorn Slippers Offered For Just $13.89(Discount : 42% OFF). The Xiaomi online store is ranked among the first 3 in India. Top 10 Cheap Smartwatches & Smartbands Under $50 | Best for Budget. Grab The X3 USB Wired Gaming Mouse at $5.33 [Great Deal]. Is it possible to change the strap? How is it connected? Spr.... Nokia my best smartphone brand as of then still loves the br.... I am sure this piece of writing has touched all the internet.... XiaomiToday is the #1 community for Xiaomi users and Mi fans! We also do share latest deals and tech news every day.. Enter your email address to subscribe to XiaomiToday and receive notifications of every trending news and thumping deals by email.. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Telegram Viber. 
Meizu M3x - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». I got this device a couple of days ago. This is the best part of this mobile phone. Deep blacks, great contrast, punchy colors. Thin (7.4mm) and great build quality. Very good battery life on Flyme 5 (almost as good as M5 Note). Helio P20 is very power efficient. The camera is very fast and takes good photos in daylight and indoors. Poor battery life in Flyme 6 (tried both stable and developer roms) so I stick to the latest stable release of Flyme 5. Photo quality at night is not that good. Performance in day to day tasks is good but only slightly faster compared to M5 Note. All in all, this one is better compared to M5 Note since it got a better screen, a slightly better camera, a thinner and lighter build and more or less the same battery life (on Flyme 5).. Anonymous, 04 May 2017 my device only have 2 nano sim card not hybrid, design slot sim card i think only for sim not... more Yep, it has 2 sim cards only, no hybrid.. my device only have 2 nano sim card not hybrid, design slot sim card i think only for sim not micro sd. is my device defferent series? or it's true 2 nano sim card not hybrid?. Kam, 23 Apr 2017 anyone here on the Philippines had already bought this device? I want this phone as my alt pho... more i have just bought this phone. the battery and performance arent so good. if you want an alt phone to play game lets buy redmi note 4x. anyone here on the Philippines had already bought this device? I want this phone as my alt phone....more like on intensive gaming... Leo.grey, 09 Apr 2017 agreed again my friend... if this mobile could handle graphic even better it will feel more va... more Do you have ever try this device?. Gigih wahyu, 05 Apr 2017 Actually i used this device for 2 week, replacement for my vivo x7 (sure vivo x7 have superior... if this mobile could handle graphic even better it will feel more valuable than this.. i believe MTK X series chip do this task better than P series without compromising its price.. this this a almost perfect device.. but i want it to be 100% perfect with current mid range market.. i guess you wouldn't understand what i'm implying here.. just think you are correct and I'm wrong.. it wont have to be true... Leo.grey, 22 Mar 2017 agreed my friend. but it's the GPU lacks performance.. Actually i used this device for 2 week, replacement for my vivo x7 (sure vivo x7 have superior in all aspect) but meizy m3x just great in the price range, i play vainglory with no problem, no frame skip, mine is 3/32. What you feel about mediatek its will change as soon you try meizu m3x, its a mobile phone not only gaming device. AceShot, 02 Mar 2017 I bet you won't notice any performance difference between p20 and x20. but it's the GPU lacks performance... pleasee......review this smartphone for P20 alliance. Leo.grey, 23 Jan 2017 it would be bettter with helio x20 chipset... I bet you won't notice any performance difference between p20 and x20.. it would be bettter with helio x20 chipset... can you please make a review of this mobile, it looks nice but I want to know more about it. Please have a review of this Please :). At least its bigger than Honor 8.. Force Majeure, 02 Dec 2016 5.5" is too big and MediocreTek, not thanks man! But really nice colour. just like the honor 8 use the flyme OSÂ. 5.5" is too big and MediocreTek, not thanks man! But really nice colour.. Anonymous, 01 Dec 2016 Scarily similar to the honor 8 Better than honor 8 cause physical button exist. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 31 user reviews and opinions for Meizu M3x .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu MX6 Meizu M5 Note Meizu U20 Meizu M3 Note Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus). Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
Home >> Phones >> Meizu >>M3X. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Meizu M3X is a Smart Phone Powered by Flyme OS Based on Andrid 6.0 Lollipop and 12MP Auto Focus Camera with Dual-tone LED Flash.. - 1.5GHz MediaTek MT6750 Octa Core Processor. - 3/4GB RAM With 32/64GB ROM. - 5.5 Inch FHD IPS Touchscreen Display. - 12MP Primary Camera With Dual Tone LED Flash. Pearl White, Phantom Blue, Gold and Obsidian Black. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Meizu M3X User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Meizu M3X preview Meizu M3X hands on Meizu M3X anteprima Shop http://www.batista70phone.it/ Blog http://www.batista70phone.com/ Iscriviti al nostro Canale: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxti.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M3X Unboxing ,Antutu Benchmarks(Specifications), Fingerprint ID. Meizu M3 X Review - Gorgeous Display and Great Battery Life!. Unboxing Meizu M3X (Meizu X) - Indonesia. Sony Xperia Note Introduction Concept ,Note 8 Killer with Edge Display & S-Pen. Meizu M3X Vs Huawei Honor 8 - 4GB RAM, 12MP Camera - Who ?. Meizu M3X vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Snapdragon - Speed Test. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus vs iPhone X - Speed Test! Budget vs Flagship!. MOTO G6 PLUS 2018 Trailer Concept Design Official introduction !. Meizu M3X with 5.5-inch 1080p, Helio P20, 4GB RAM, fingerprint sensor Price in USA $290. Xiaomi Mi6 MIUI 9 vs iPhone X - Speed Test!. Meizu U20 vs Meizu M3X Какой лучше купить?. Xperia XZ 2018 - First Look at the Upcoming Sony’s Flagship with New Breathtaking Design ᴴᴰ. Sony Xperia 10 (2018) Ultra Slim Design With 5.8-Inches 4K Display, 18:9 Aspect Ratio. Unlock ANY Samsung Galaxy S8, S7, S6, S5, S4, S3… | Passcode & Network Unlock!. Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 - SPEED TEST + multitasking - Which is faster!?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Meizu M3 X Review - Gorgeous Display and Great Battery Life!. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. A gorgeous display and premium design phone like Meizu M3X is worth buying. Meizu X(M3X) Review - Best Phone For the Price! Meizu M3 X Key Features - vibrant ane colorful FHD IPS display, Helio P20 2.3GHz Octa-Core CPU, outstanding audio and video quality, Front Fingerprint Scanner and USB-C. 5.5" FHD IPS Display 3GB DDR4 RAM/ 32GB ROM + MicroSD 12MP Sony Exmor RS IMX386 5MP Front Cam 3200mAh Battery Dual Nano Sim USB-C, Front Fingerprint Scanner Photos and Videos From Meizu X: https://www.flickr.com/photos/1434994... 00:23 - Unboxing 00:41 - First Look 01:40 - User Interface 02:33 - How to Instal Google Services 03:40 - Features 06:11 - Split-Screen Multi-Tasking 07:00 - Hardware and Benchmarks 08:20 - Youtube and Sound Test 09:30 - Camera Test and Features 14:30 - Gaming Tests 20:01 - Final Thoughts. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xiaomi Mi 5X vs Meizu M3X Camera Test. Meizu X vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Meizu M3X Vs Huawei Honor 8 - 4GB RAM, 12MP Camera - Who ?. MEIZU X M3X MEILAN X BLUE CHARM X. Cubot Cheetah 2 Review - 5.5-inch/ Front Fingerprint/32GB - If Looks Could Kill. MEIZU E2 Full Review - Selfie Expert, Quad-Led Flash, FlymeOS 6!. Meizu Pro 6S Review - A Worthwhile Upgrade?. Meizu M6 Note | First Impressions (Snapdragon 625, 4000mAh, Flyme6, mCharge). [English Subtitle] Meizu M3X Review: SONY IMX386 Camera ,Helio P20 CPU ,SHARP TDDI display. LeEco Le Pro 3 Review (Snapdragon 821) - FASTEST ANDROID PHONE ON THE MARKET. Blackview P6000 Hands-on Review ( 21MP Sony, 6000mAh, 6GB RAM, Gorilla Glass, Front Fingerprint ). Meizu Pro 6S Unboxing And First Look. Smartisan Nut Pro 2 Hands-on Review - My New Favorite Phone!. Meizu M3X: распаковка первого смартфона с Helio P20 от Meizu. Unboxing Meizu M3X (Meizu X) - Indonesia. Meizu M3X & Meizu Mx6 - ЧЕ БРАТЬ?. Meizu M3X Unboxing ,Antutu Benchmarks(Specifications), Fingerprint ID. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Meizu M3X (3GB RAM /32GB ROM) - White. Meizu M3X (3GB RAM /32GB ROM) - Gold. Meizu M3X (3GB RAM /32GB ROM) - Black. Meizu M3X (3GB RAM /32GB ROM) - Blue. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Meizu / Meizu M3X Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 0 User Ratings 1 Questions & Answers. The Meizu M3X is fronted by a 5.50-inch IPS LCD Full HD resolution display. Runs Android 6.0 with Flyme UI 6.0 on an MT6757 Helio P10 SoC with an eight-core CPU. Has a 3GB RAM and 64GB of storage space that can be pushed to 256GB. Rear camera is 12MP with dual-LED flash, PDAF, Full HDR , front camera is 5MP with Full HDR. The non-removable battery is 3,200mAh. Dual nano-SIMs device runs 4G LTE, 3G, USB Type-C, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, fingerprint sensor, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n .. Key Specifications Helio P20 processor 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage 3200 mAh battery 12 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Meizu M3X Price starts at Rs. The Meizu M3X is a mid-range phone with a price tag of less than Rs. The M3X is available in 3GB/32GB and 4GB/64GB variants.. The M3X has a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display that has a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels (Full HD) enabling it to display high-quality media. Device measurements are 153.8 x 76 x 7.4 mm and is 165 grams heavy. The M3X can be purchased in one of four colors: blue, silver, black and gold.. The M3X runs Android 6.0 with Flyme UI 6.0 powered by a MediaTek MT6757 Helio P10 chipset that bears an octa-core processor (4 x 2.3 GHz Cortex-A53 and 4 x 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53) and 3GB of RAM that ensures fast performance and efficient multitasking. Storage space is at 32GB and can be further expanded to 256GB via a memory card that is accommodated into SIM slot 2, meaning users will have to give up SIM 2 for more storage space. A Mali-T880MP2 handles graphics for games.. The M3X features a 12-megapixel rear camera that captures clear images with a f/2.0 aperture, PDAF and dual-LED flash. The 12MP camera can record Full HD and HD resolution videos. The M3X s front camera is 5-megapixels with a f/2.4 aperture and is capable of recording in Full HD resolution. The battery that fuels the M3X ensuring it lasts for a day is 3,200mAh.. The M3X holds two nano-SIM cards that support 4G LTE and 3G mobile data, in addition to Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n standards, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS whose accuracy is improved by A-GPS and GLONASS. The phone features USB type-C at the bottom edge and a fingerprint sensor in the home button.. Meizu M3X Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 401 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 71.3 % Design and Build Dimensions 6.0 x 2.9 x 0.2 inches Weight 165 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Primary 12 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 32GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 256GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3200 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with dual-band, hotspot 3G Yes USB Type-C 1.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Type-C 1.0 Processor Variant Helio P20 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Make Mediatek MT6757 Frequency 2.3 GHz (Quad Core) + 1.6 GHz (Quad Core) GPU Mali-T880MP2 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. No, this is not an Indian product, it is Chinese.. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Meizu mobile price list in India. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Redmi 5 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Meizu M3X. Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition. Meizu M3X with Helio P20 and 3GB of RAM pays a visit at GeekBench. While everyone is anxious for Meizu to launch theM5 Noteon December 6 another smartphone is in works Meizu M3X is the new phone currently undergoing the prototype and tests based on its recent visit at GeekBench a benchmarks listing websiteAs per the GeekBench listing the Meizu M3X did no. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Meizu M3X was obtained on 26th February 2018 11:51:45 The Meizu M3X is available in The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Meizu M3X online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Meizu M3X Price in India is Rs. 3,499 as on 26th February 2018 11:51:45. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Xiaomi Blackshark LG K10 Plus 2018 Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. LG K10 Alpha 2018 Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Wi-Fi 802.11 a / b / g / n. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 RAM or 64 GB, 4 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 256 GB. OS Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Flyme 5.2. Processor 2.3GHz MediaTek Octa-Core Helio P20 Processor. Camera resolution 12 MP Sony IMX386 sensor with f/2.0 aperture, 6P lens, and PDAF. Secondary Camera 5 MP with f/2.0 Aperture. Size (L by B by T) 153.8 x 76 x 7.4 mm. 5,890 Buy Now. Meizu M3X smartphone comes with a 5.5-inch full HD (1920*1080 pixels) IPS LCD display. The device runs MediaTek Octa-Core Helio P20 processor clocked at 2.35GHz. The smartphone will be available in two variants — 32GB variant with 3GB RAM, and 64GB variant with 4GB RAM. On the photography a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel selfie camera. Other connectivity options such as 4G LTE, Bluetooth, GPS and Wi-Fi. On the software front, it runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow-based on Flyme 5.2.. OS Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Flyme 5.2. Processor 2.3GHz MediaTek Octa-Core Helio P20 Processor. Camera 12 MP Sony IMX386 sensor with f/2.0 aperture, 6P lens, and PDAF. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 RAM or 64 GB, 4 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Write a Review on Meizu M3X. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Meizu M3X 32GB Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. A Chinese brand, MEIZU has been making phones for over a decade, but it entered India in 2015. The firm is known to make good-looking devices that are priced competitively.. MEIZU currently has 28 operational service centres in India. MEIZU smartphone users can contact customer care via the hotline number 1800 3070 9925, or send an e-mail to csindia@meizu.com to get their devices repaired.. Great configuration Good pair of cameras Good display properties Fast charge enabled. The Meizu M3X is another great smartphone from the house of the Chinese manufacturer. This smartphone packs a punch on all the departments, including the configuration, camera and connectivity, and is sure to give its competitors a run for their money. So if you are planning to buy a smartphone next, this one surely deserves your consideration.. The Meizu M3X flaunts a 5.5-inch 1,080 x 1,920 pixels (full HD resolution) LCD screen that results from a good density of 401 pixels per inch. The capacitive touch screen responds well to multi touch. At the heart, this smartphone holds an octa-core Cortex A53 processor, which can clock a speed of 2.3GHz. This powerful processor is placed on a chipset of MediaTek MT6757 and is fed with 3GB RAM which enhances your multitasking and gaming experience greatly. Moreover, a GPU of Mali-T880 MP2 takes care of the graphical interface.. The Meizu M3X is fitted with a 12MP primary camera which can click great quality pictures of 4,000 x 3,000 pixels resolution with the assistance of phase detection autofocus, dual-colour LED flash, ISO control, High Dynamic Range mode and 2.0f aperture. It can also click great quality selfies and run video calling with the help of its 5MP front facing camera that is powered by 2.0f aperture to enhance low light photography.. The smartphone is equipped with 32GB of internal storage space, which cannot be expanded any further with the help of a microSD.. The Meizu M3X draws all its energy from a 3,200mAh li-polymer battery, which claims to render a long period of battery backup, apart from being enabled with quick charge feature.. In the connectivity department, the smartphone features good connectivity options like dual SIM slots, 4G, advanced Wi-Fi 802.11, a/b/g/n/n 5GHz, Bluetooth v4.1, A-GPS, mobile hotspot and a type C USB slot.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Octa core (2.3 GHz, Quad Core + 1.6 GHz, Quad core). Performance ▾. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 32 GB, Non Expandable Dual SIM Fingerprint sensor. Meizu M3X is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Mobile Phones in range of 15000 to 20000. 14 - 20 K Phones all phones. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Gold, Pearl White, Phantom Blue, Obsidian Black. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Octa core (2.3 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1.6 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53). Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A53 + Quad core, 1.6 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6757. Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53 + Quad core, 1 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6750T. Quad core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN950. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. Group: 14 - 20 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 14 - 20 K. 14 - 20 K Phones All Phones. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Meizu Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 12 MP. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Processor:. Quad core 2.3 GHz SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Thickness: 7.4 mm 109 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 5 MP. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3200 mAH. More weight: 200.8 grams vs 165 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.5 inches. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Quad core 2.3 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB Weight: 165 grams 45 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 12 MP. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 6.7 mm vs 7.4 mm. Lower pixel density: 386 ppi vs 401 ppi. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Quad core 2.3 GHz Primary camera: 12 MP Battery capacity: 3200 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Thickness: 7.4 mm Weight: 165 grams 113 people viewed together 66 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.5 inches. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3400 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Quad core 2.3 GHz Primary camera: 12 MP SIM card slots: 2 79 people viewed together 60 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 515 ppi vs 401 ppi. More internal memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. Lesser thickness: 7.3 mm vs 7.4 mm. Lesser weight: 158 grams vs 165 grams. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 12 MP. Higher pixel density: 424 ppi vs 401 ppi. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 49 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 6.7 mm vs 7.4 mm. Lesser weight: 143 grams vs 165 grams. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.5 inches. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Quad core 2.3 GHz. Lower battery capacity: 2600 mAH vs 3200 mAH. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.8 inches vs 5.5 inches. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher pixel density: 568 ppi vs 401 ppi. Quad core 2.3 GHz Primary camera: 12 MP SIM card slots: 2 20 people compared together. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser weight: 155 grams vs 165 grams. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3200 mAH. More thickness: 8 mm vs 7.4 mm. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about Meizu M3X. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Wallet Style PU Leather Multi-Functional Flip Protective Case For Meizu MX6. PU Leather Flip Case Stand Wallet Cover For Meizu MX6. Mofi Colorful Upgrade Flip Leather Protective Case With Holder Function For Meizu MX6. Creative Cartoon Ultra Thin Micro Frosted Silicone Soft Back Cover Case For Meizu M6S. Creative Cartoon Skin Touch Micro Frosted Ultra Thin Silicone Soft Back Cover Case For Meizu M6S. Soft Silicone TPU Skin Feel Protective Cover Case For Meizu M6S. NILLKIN Super Thin Sparkle Flip Leather Protective Case For Meizu M6S. Original Meizu Transparent Ultra Thin Soft TPU Back Cover Case For Meizu M6. Original Meizu High Quality Ultra Thin Transparent PC Back Cover Case For Meizu M6S. Dual View Window PU Leather Flip Protective Case With Lanyard For Meizu M6S. Mofi Classic Contrasting Series Flip Leather Protective Case With Stand Function For Meizu M6S. 3-in-1 Ultra Thin Full Protection PC Hard Back Cover Case For Meizu M6S. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
Beginning of a dialog window, including tabbed navigation to register an account or sign in to an existing account. Both registration and sign in support using google and facebook accounts. We'll never post without your permission.. We'll never post without your permission.. By clicking Register, you agree to Etsy's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Etsy may send you communications; you may change your preferences in your account settings.. Uh oh! You need to have cookies enabled to sign in.. Nice—you already have an Etsy account.. Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript. Ready to ship in 1 business day. Ready to ship within 3 business days. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. White&red marble case for meizu m2 note, meizu m2 case, meizu m1 metal, meizu mx5 case, clear silicone case for meizu pro 5, meizu mx4 case. Google Pixel XL,Pixel XL 2 case,Pixel 2 case,Flowers clear,Redmi 5a case,Redmi Note 2 case,Meizu M2 case,OnePlus X case,Xiaomi Mi Max 2 18. Mint Pixel XL bag, Ombre iPhone 7+ case, Teal OPPO F1s cover, vegan Samsung S8+ sock, turquoise Meizu M3x pouch, eco Samsung S7 edge sleeve. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Cactus case,Pixel 2 rubber,Note 3 Special Edit,Xiaomi Mi 5s case,Meizu M3X case,Redmi 4 76. BlackBerry Aurora case, Pink Mini iPhone 7 plus cozy, Nokia 6 sleeve, eco Huawei P10 plus cover, HTC 10Evo cozy, vegan Samsung S7 edge pouch. Yellow TAXI Samsung S8 cover, LG G4 phone case, iPhone 7+ sleeve, Pixel XL sock, Meizu M3x pouch, Huawei Mate 9 cozy, Kindle Voyage cover. White&red marble case for meizu m2 note, meizu m2 case, meizu m1 metal, meizu mx5 case, clear silicone case for meizu pro 5, meizu mx4 case. Google Pixel XL,Pixel XL 2 case,Pixel 2 case,Flowers clear,Redmi 5a case,Redmi Note 2 case,Meizu M2 case,OnePlus X case,Xiaomi Mi Max 2 18. Mint Pixel XL bag, Ombre iPhone 7+ case, Teal OPPO F1s cover, vegan Samsung S8+ sock, turquoise Meizu M3x pouch, eco Samsung S7 edge sleeve. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Cactus case,Pixel 2 rubber,Note 3 Special Edit,Xiaomi Mi 5s case,Meizu M3X case,Redmi 4 76. BlackBerry Aurora case, Pink Mini iPhone 7 plus cozy, Nokia 6 sleeve, eco Huawei P10 plus cover, HTC 10Evo cozy, vegan Samsung S7 edge pouch. Yellow TAXI Samsung S8 cover, LG G4 phone case, iPhone 7+ sleeve, Pixel XL sock, Meizu M3x pouch, Huawei Mate 9 cozy, Kindle Voyage cover. Get fresh Etsy trends and unique gift ideas delivered right to your inbox.. Please enter a valid email address.. Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe.. You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address. Register to confirm your address.. Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.. There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.. Need help? Visit the help center. We make it easy to find your thing.. Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Start typing the name of a page. Hit ESC to close, Enter to select the first result.. Did you scroll all this way to get facts about meizu m3x ? Well you're in luck, because here they come. There are 6 meizu m3x for sale on Etsy, and they cost $15.83 on average. The most popular color? You guessed it: black .. 
Meizu Pro 6 Plus Stock Rom. Meizu M5 / Blue Charm 5 Stock Rom. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J7108. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710K. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710FQ. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710F/DS. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. Custom Roms Collection for OnePlus One (Balcon/A0001). Android Nougat 7.0 For Jiayu S3 Plus. CyanogenMOD 13 Android 6.0 Marshmallow For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] Samsung TouchWiz UI For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] CoLor OS For LG Spirit H422. [Unofficial] Cyanogen MOD 12.1 For LG Spirit (LG-H422). [Custom Rom] MIUI 8 6.6.30 For Lenovo A6000. [ ROM ][ CUSTOM ] LEWA OS V5.1Stable…. Custom Rom – MIUI v7 Global Stable For…. Custom Rom – Galaxy S6 Touchwiz UI For…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. HTC One Android Smart Phone USB Driver For…. Download Universal ADB Driver For Window. Driver, Tools & Source Code Asus Zenfone 5…. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Install TWRP & Root Lenovo A2010-a. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro (FDR-A01w) Stock…. [Guides] How To Bypass / Unlock Samsung Google…. How to Create / Port TWRP/CWM On New…. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android…. 10 Best Audio Editing Apps For Android Smartphone…. Nougat has climbed up to modest 15.8 percent. ZTE Axon Multy a Dual Screen, 6.8″ Foldable…. A list of Smartphones and tablets that will…. Samsung Galaxy S8 comes as an antidote. How to Remove Malware Virus On Android Without…. Samsung Galaxy C7 Come With 4GB RAM, 32/64GB…. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android.... 10 Best Audio Editing Apps For Android Smartphone.... Nougat has climbed up to modest 15.8 percent. ZTE Axon Multy a Dual Screen, 6.8″ Foldable.... A list of Smartphones and tablets that will.... Samsung Galaxy S8 comes as an antidote. How to Remove Malware Virus On Android Without.... Samsung Galaxy C7 Come With 4GB RAM, 32/64GB.... Meizu Pro 6 Plus Stock Rom. Meizu M5 / Blue Charm 5 Stock Rom. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J7108. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710K. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710FQ. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710F/DS. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. Custom Roms Collection for OnePlus One (Balcon/A0001). Android Nougat 7.0 For Jiayu S3 Plus. CyanogenMOD 13 Android 6.0 Marshmallow For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] Samsung TouchWiz UI For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] CoLor OS For LG Spirit H422. [Unofficial] Cyanogen MOD 12.1 For LG Spirit (LG-H422). [Custom Rom] MIUI 8 6.6.30 For Lenovo A6000. [ ROM ][ CUSTOM ] LEWA OS V5.1Stable…. Custom Rom – MIUI v7 Global Stable For…. Custom Rom – Galaxy S6 Touchwiz UI For…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. HTC One Android Smart Phone USB Driver For…. Download Universal ADB Driver For Window. Driver, Tools & Source Code Asus Zenfone 5…. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Install TWRP & Root Lenovo A2010-a. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro (FDR-A01w) Stock…. [Guides] How To Bypass / Unlock Samsung Google…. How to Create / Port TWRP/CWM On New…. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android…. 10 Best Audio Editing Apps For Android Smartphone…. Nougat has climbed up to modest 15.8 percent. ZTE Axon Multy a Dual Screen, 6.8″ Foldable…. A list of Smartphones and tablets that will…. Samsung Galaxy S8 comes as an antidote. How to Remove Malware Virus On Android Without…. Samsung Galaxy C7 Come With 4GB RAM, 32/64GB…. Stock rom Meizu Meizu M3x Stock Rom. How To Flash Meizu M3x Firmware. if you need try using update Meizu M3x firmware using FlashFire -> Read here. How to unbricking Meizu M3x -> Read Here. Do not forget that sometimes recommended a full reset (format) , so as not to bring the tails of the previous firmware. Download the correct firmware (all links are in the header of the theme of your phone). Please Note that even though this statement is essentially universal, but it is subject to Meizu M3x and when you go out of your order on your device, then keep in mind that the files must be taken from their phone model and not on the Meizu M3x. The same is true if you do not understand something and you ask questions about the topic. Do not forget to return to the theme of your phone. Strictly abide by the name of “update” and extension “.zip”, If the name is not correct in recovery see the words “Firmware not found”. Do not forget to check the integrity of the file. Note that even MD5 checking the firmware file there is a theoretical possibility that when you copy a file to the phone will not be copied completely.It is better to once again verify the MD5 on the phone (unfortunately does not work in the 3rd version of the installation because the file is temporary and will be deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri, but on the computer after copying to the folder G:\Recovery , we can still check MD5). MD5 can synchronize the phone also using various applications. I have been using Solid Explorer File Manager. Starting updates /Downgrade/Repair firmware Meizu M3x. This is the official firmware or stock rom to update Meizu M3x phone. You can also solve problems like hardbrick, bootloop, remove virus, unroot, hard reset/rollback/Downgrade firmware Meizu M3x phone. You need to know that some firmware may need to unlock the bootloader before it can be installed firmware. And if your device does not have any changes after flashing, please check the hardware part such as MMC, or if have access problom to Google apps you can flash this -> gapps.zip. 1) Please do not upgrade Meizu M3x with non-official firmware. 2) Upgrading international version phone with the mainland China Simple Chinese version firmware may lead to compatibility issues. 3) Before upgrading, check that the battery has at least 20% capacity. 4) Selecting “Clear data” will delete all personal data ( such as Notes, Email, and Contacts); whereas the internal storage for Music and Camera photos …etc. 5) Already opened system permission (ROOT), the user must select “Clear Data” to clear phone data for firmware upgrade, Otherwise, it may cause abnormal system or application error ;. 6) After upgrading the firmware, if system reboot or application force close, please try to reset your phone or re-upgrading (Settings-> phone->Storage->Factory reset to reset the phone). Place the root of the internal memory “update.zip” file. Sign in to Windows Explorer / File Manager / documents (depending on the friendly slang). Press / tapnut / click (depending on the friendly slang) to update.zip.. Choose whether or not the “Clear data” “clear data” (wipe / wipe / formatting system cache and data). The data files with photos, video, music, games, documents, and so on. “update.zip” firmware file must be located in the root of the internal memory.. 3.Hold the “power + volume up” button to enter the “recovery”. Choose whether or not “clear data” “clear data” and click “Next”, “the next”. Press the “power + volume up” to enter the “recovery” (hold the button just before the inscription meizu, then release both buttons, or well enough to let go of “power” button). Connect your Meizu M3x to a computer, causing the folder appears the G: \ “recovery”. In this folder copy the firmware file in the format “update.zip”. After copying the file, without fail disconnect your Meizu M3x from the computer. Choose whether or not to clear data “clear data” and click Next “next”. Note: keep in mind the temporary file and deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri.. Downgrade (to return later to an earlier version of the firmware) is possible by any embodiment of the above. The main thing is that the process of transition to a newer firmware (for example, 4.5.2) to older (for example, 4.2.8.2) accompanied by data cleaning. In any case, I recommend the third option. And there is a solution for you. There are certainly exceptions for rollback. The logic is not revealed until the end, but overall will zoom through the very first firmware. in fact roll back is possible through preset at the factory firmware. For example, a plant stood firmware 4.0.3, the rollback will be done through it. The difficulty lies in the fact that sellers are often the factory firmware is reset, and then have to choose the firmware manually.. Android Phone Firmware Meizu Phone Firmware. Only an unemployed who likes to tamper with android phones. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Stock Rom. How to unbrick / update firmware Any Android devices Base on Mediatek chips using SP-Flashtool. Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge SM-J327P Stock Rom. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J7108. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710K. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710FQ. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710F/DS. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android Phone Without PC. Tool For Unpack Repack tar.md5 Samsung Firmware With Easy. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here:. Designed and Developed by Ucup budug. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Main navigation. Database of GSM USB Drivers for all Android Devices. Home Samsung Lenovo Asus OnePlus Vivo Xiaomi Huawei BLU Search for any device.... Download Meizu M3x USB Drivers Reader Interactions Primary Sidebar. Home › Meizu › Meizu M3x USB Drivers. Having trouble connecting Meizu M3x to PC? It might be a driver problem, so just download Meizu USB Drivers and install them on Windows 10, 7, 8, 8.1 or XP PC. The Meizu M3x USB Drivers provided here are official and are virus free. Based on your need download USB Driver for Meizu M3x from the downloads section and install it on Windows PC by following the instructions provided below.. With Meizu M3x USB Driver installed on PC, we can establish a secure connection between Computer and Mobile. This helps in transferring data like images, video, documents and other files to and fro from Mobile to PC. We have also provided Meizu M3x ADB and Fastboot drivers which helps in passing commands to Phone via Command Prompt (CMD).. There are three types of Meizu M3x USB Drivers available for download. Two of them can be used for flashing Stock Firmware and other stuff, basically for development purpose and the third one can be used for normally connecting your device to Computer or Laptop.. Meizu M3x Driver for Flashing Firmware. Meizu M3x VCOM Drivers for Flashing Firmware. Meizu M3x USB Driver for normal connecting to PC. The Meizu M3x Fastboot and ADB drivers can be downloaded below.. Meizu M3x ADB and Fastboot Drivers. Also Download: Meizu M5s USB Drivers. How to Install Meizu M3x USB Drivers Manually:. Step 1 : Download and extract the driver on your computer.. Step 2 : Open Device Manager and Click on “ Action “.. Step 3 : Now Click on “ Add legacy hardware “.. Note : If the “ Add legacy hardware ” option is missing then click on the empty space inside the Device Manager and then click on “ Action “. Now you should see “ Add legacy hardware ” option.. Step 4 : Click Next .. Step 5 : Select “ Install the hardware that I manually select from a list (Advanced) “.. Step 6 : Select “ Show All Devices ” and Click on “ Have Disk… ”. Step 7 : Click on Browse .. Step 8 : Locate the extracted driver manually on your computer.. Step 9 : Click Open. Step 10 : Choose the Driver you want to install and then Click on Next .. Step 11 : Your Driver will be installed and listed in the Device Manager.. Step 12 : If you see additional drivers in Step 10 , then follow the instructions from Step 3 to Step 9 again and choose the driver listed below the one which you have previously installed. Similarly, follow for all the additional drivers.. How to Install Meizu M3x ADB and Fastboot Drivers:. Step 1 : Download the 15 Seconds ADB installer on your PC. If it is in the .zip archive then extract it to obtain the .exe file.. Step 2 : Right-click on the file and Run as administrator .. Step 3 : It should ask, whether you want to install ADB and Fastboot Driver on PC. Enter “Y” and hit Enter key.. Step 4 : Now it should ask whether you want to install ADB system-wide. Step 5 : It should ask whether you want to install device drivers. Step 6 : Follow the on-screen instructions.. Important Notes : [*] Driver Signature Error : If you got Driver Signature Error While installing the Driver then See this Video to fix this problem. [*] Broken link : Report here. [*] Have we missed any device model? Let us know by contacting us via Contact Us page.. SHARE ON Twitter Facebook WhatsApp Google+ Buffer LinkedIn Pin It. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Human Verification: In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic.. Select a Device Manufacturer Select a Device Manufacturer Select Device 5Star Aamra Accent Acer ACI Adcom Admet Advan Advance AFC AG AGT Airmax Akai Akasaki Akua Alcatel Alive Allcall Allview Allwinner Alphard Altron Amazon Ambrane Amgoo Amoi Amschel Ank Aoto Aovo Aprix Apro Arbutus Archos Arise ARK Asiafone Ask Astro Astrum Asus Attila Avea Avov Avvio Axiom Axioo Azpen Azumi Babaosi Bassoon BDFones Bedove Bellphone BenQ Beyond Billion Bird Blackberry Blackview Bleck BLU Bluboo Blumix Bmobile Bontel Boway BQ Brandcode Bravis Bsmobile BSNL Byond Calme Camfone Cappu Casio Casper Caszh Cat CCE CCIT Celkon CellAllure Centric Champion Cheers Cherry Chuwi Cilee CityCall CKK Cktel Clarmin Clear Clementoni Cloudfone CMX Coddy Colorovo Colors Comio Condor Conquest Contigo Coolpad Croma Cube Cubot Daewoo Datawind DDC Dell Dexp Diamond Digicom Digiflip Digo Discover Discoveri-y Docoss DOMO Doogee Doopro Doppio DTC Dunns Ebest Editorial Egreat Ei Elephone Elite Energizer Enet Ephone Etel Eurostar Evercoss EveryPhone Fero Figo Fluo Fly FMT Fohow Fondi Fortis FPT Freedom Freetel G Plus G-Tide Garmin GDL General Mobile Genesis GeniusTouch Gfive Gicent Gigabyte Gigi Ginzzu Gionee Gmango Goclever Gol Goldberg Gome Good One Google Gooweel Gphone Grand Greenberry Greentel Gretel Gtel GuoPhone Haier HCL HDC hello Helowin Hero Himax Hisense Hitech Hocom HomTom Hoow Hopo Hotwav HP HSI HSL HTC Huasi Huawei Hyundai I-Boo iBall iBrit IceMobile iCherry iHunt iKnock IMI Infinix InFocus Innjoo iNova Intex Invens iPro iRulu It Works itel Ivoomi Jepssen Jesy Jiake Jivi Josh Mobile Kagoo Kaicom Karbonn Kata KDW Kelaida Kempler Kenbo Kente Kenxinda Kimfly Kingstar Koolnee Kult Kyocera Kzen L-Max Land Rover Lanix Lapnet Lava Leaf Leagoo Lecom LeEco Lemon Lenovo Lephone Letv LG Lmkj Logicom Long Lordor Lovme LV Mobile LY Lyf M-Horse M4tel Mafe Magicon Mobile Magnus Mai Malata Manta Massgo Massive Masstel Maxcom Maximus Maxwest Maxx Maxxcall MBO MCI MDC Meidou Meizu MEU Micromax Mifaso Mione MIQ Mirage Mito Mobell Mobicel Mobiistar Mobistel Mobo Modoex Motorola MPT Mtech Mobile MTN Mtouch Multilaser Mumi Mycell Myfon MyPhone Mytec Mytel Navcity NDE Newings Nexcom Nextbit NIU Nokia Nova Nvidia Nyx Oale Obi Ocean Okapia Oking Okwu OLA OneClick OnePlus Ooredoo Open Oplus Oppo Opsson Orange Orro OSE Osmo Otto Oukitel Ourstar Ovana Panasonic Pantech Partner Mobile PCD PCsmart Peace Phicomm Philips PhoneMax Pipo Pixus Plum Polaroid Polytron Posh Mobile Positivo Prestigio Primux Qlink QMobile Qnet Qphone Qrea Quantum Rage Rangs Razer RCA Reach Mobile Rinno Rivo Royalstar RugGear Ryte S-Color Samhe Samsung Sansui Seeken Selecline Sharp Shelby Sico Singtech Sinotec Sintel SKG Sky Skyview Skyworth Slim Smart Smile Snopow Sonim Sony Soraka Spice StarMobile STF Strawberry Swipe SYH Symphony T-Mobile Tasen Tashan TCL Tech Techcore Tecno Teeno Teknosa Telefunken Telego Telenor Texet THL Timmy Tinmo Titanic Tooky Toshiba Touchmate Tradeno True TWZ Ulefone Ultimate UMI Uni-Tel Uniscope Unnecto Usha Verssed Vertex Vertu Verykool Vfone VG Viaan Vibo Videocon Viettel Vifone Vinci Vivo VK Vodafone Voicetel Volkssmart Vonino Vortex Voto Vsun Walton Wave We Western Wieppo Wiko Winfone Wing Wink Winmax Winstar Wolder Woxter XBO XBQ Xcom XDU XGody Xiaomi Xiaoxing Xolo Xplay Yasyas YBZ YesTel Yezz YotaPhone YU Yusun Zelta Zen Mobile Zentality ZH&K Zigo Ziox Zoji Zonda ZT Mobile ZTE ZURI Zuum Zync ZYQ. Privacy Policy About Contact Us Sitemap. Android USB Drivers | This site is not affiliated with Google or any of the device manufacturers listed on this site.. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Not Available in India | Launch Date in India: N/A |. 64 GB 32 GB. 12MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Octa core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A53. Meizu M3X comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A53, MediaTek MT6757 that is coupled with Mali-T880 MP2 GPU,. RAM and 32/64 GB Storage, 3/4 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 256 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Meizu M3X sports a 12.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Meizu makes use of a 5.0 Megapixels Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Meizu M3X includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot, Yes, v4.1, A2DP, LE, Yes, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS.. The Meizu M3X gets the power from a Non-removable 3200 mAh battery.. The Meizu M3X runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smartphone ANNOUNCED Status Not Available in India Global Release Date 2016, Coming Soon Indian Release Date N/A BODY Dimensions 153.8 x 76 x 7.4 mm Weight 165 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A53 GPU Mali-T880 MP2 Chipset MediaTek MT6757 STORAGE Internal Storage 32/64 GB Storage, 3/4 GB RAM External Storage Up to 256 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 12.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 5.0 Megapixels Camera Video Recording Yes, 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, FLAC, AAC, MIDI, M4A, AMR Video Player MP4, 3GP, AVI, FLV, MPEG Games Yes FM Radio NA Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable 3200 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.1, A2DP, LE Infrared Port NA USB Yes, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G LTE. 4 GB 12MP. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Honor 9 Lite (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODAzNDQxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Exclusive interview with Leon Zhang, Meizu India. Meizu M3X and Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Everything You Need To Know December 01, 2016. Chinese tech giant Meizu has expanded its product portfolio with the launch of two new handsets- Meizu M3X and Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Meixu M3X is a mid-range Android smartphone and will sell at an approximate price of Rs. Meizu m5 (32GB - 3GB RAM). Meizu m5 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Meizu M6 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Meizu M6 (32GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. Tasneem Akolawala , 30 November 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Meizu M3X will be made available in 3GB and 4GB RAM variants. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus packs a 4GB RAM. The Pro 6 Plus will be available on December 23. M3X and Meizu Pro 6 Plus smartphones have been unveiled at an event in China. While the Meizu M3X is priced starting at CNY 1,699 (roughly Rs. 16,900), the Meizu Pro 6 Plus. will cost CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. The two smartphones will go on sale on December 8 and December 23 respectively.. The Meizu M3X and Meizu Pro 6 Plus come in two RAM/storage bundle options. The Meizu M3X is priced at CNY 1,699 (roughly Rs. 16,900) for the 3GB RAM with 32GB inbuilt storage variant, while the 4GB RAM with 64GB internal storage variant costs CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is priced at CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. 29,900) for the 64GB version with 2GHz Exynos 8890 SoC, while the 128GB version with 2.3GHz Exynos 8890 SoC is priced at CNY 3,299 (roughly Rs. Starting with the Meizu M3X , the smartphone features a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) LCD display. It is powered by a 64-bit 2.3GHz MediaTek P20 octa-core processor paired with ARM Mali T880 GPU. The new M3X smartphone runs on Flyme OS based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and supports dual-SIM slots.. Optics on the Meizu M3X include a 12-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash, f/2.0 aperture, PDAF, and 4K video recording support. At the front, there is a 5-megapixel front camera with f/2.0 aperture for selfies and video chats as well. fingerprint sensor is embedded inside the Home Button of the Meizu M3X, and the smartphone packs a 3200mAh battery with fast charging support. Meizu claims that the smartphone can charge up to 40 percent in 30 minutes using a 18W fast charger.. Connectivity options in the Meizu M3X include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.1, GPS, and USB Type-C port. The dimensions are at 153.8x76x7.4mm, and the Meizu M3X weighs 165 grams. The M3X smartphone will be made available in Pearl White, Phantom Blue, Gold, and Obsidian Black colour options.. Coming to the more expensive Meizu Pro 6 Plus , the smartphone features a 5.7-inch QHD (1440x2560 pixels) Super AMOLED display with 3D Press (pressure sensitive display) and Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protection. The Exynos 8890 SoC of the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is paired with a Mali T880 MP10 GPU and 4GB of RAM. The Pro 6 Plus also runs on Flyme OS 6 based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and supports dual-SIM slots.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus' optics are the same as that of the M3X's except that the rear camera supports dual-tone 10-LED Ring Flash, laser autofocus, and 4-axis optical image stabilisation. In addition to the fingerprint sensor, the Pro 6 Plus also embeds a heart rate sensor and an infrared sensor. It packs a bigger 3400mAh battery with mCharge 3.0 24W fast charging support that claims to charge the phone up to 60 percent in 30 minutes. Connectivity options in Meizu Pro 6 Plus include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 ac, Bluetooth v4.1, GPS, USB 3.1 Type-C, and NFC support. The dimensions are at 155.6~CHECK~77.3x7.3mm, and the Pro 6 Plus weighs 158 grams. It will be made available in Champagne Gold, Sky Grey, and Moonlight Silver colour options.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Meizu , Meizu M3X , Meizu M3X Features , Meizu M3X Launch , Meizu M3X Price , Meizu Pro 6 Plus Features , Meizu Pro 6 Plus launch , Meizu Pro 6 Plus Price , Meizu Pro 6 Plus Specifications , Mobiles. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. Demonetisation: Ola Partners With Banks, Oil Companies to Help Drivers Go Cashless to Buy Fuel. Telecom Sector Received $10 Billion FDI in 8 Months of 2016-17: Telecom Secretary. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Meizu M3X Review Glass Android Smartphone. Home Hi-tech Meizu M3X Review Glass Android Smartphone. By Daniel Brown -. Meizu company never ceases to amaze us with their new mobile phones. Only recently screened flagship, the company produces Meizu M3X. This device with a more affordable price, a simple specifications, but very interesting design and other features. It is worth noting that the market in China, the smartphone will be sold under the name Meizu Meilan X, but the rest of the world its name is exactly Meizu M3X.. It is also worth to say that at the moment the gadget is officially sold only in the territory of China and abroad product may be released in. 2017, but there will not promise. However, smartphone is very, very interesting, it looks cool, expensive and speciits fications allows you to easily work with any kind of content.. So today we will tell you about the brand new smartphone, and you will already be waiting to decide whether it is worth it or not. And let’s talk about the price, of course.. Smartphone Meizu M3X based on processor MediaTek Helio P20, which we really liked the performance. Processor model is based on 64-bit architecture, has eight cores clocked at 2.3 GHz, and it allows you to not worry about the games, programs and other entertainment content.. The performance Meizu M3X will be enough to head to any task. For the graphics controller responds smartphone Mali-T880, you it is not the first time you can see, in fact establish Mali-T880 frequently. Further, the smartphone has two options set – 3 GB of RAM and 32 gigabytes of internal memory.. The second option please complete 4 GB RAM and 64 GB of space for movies and toys. You only need to think about what this smartphone is bought and then the question of equipment will disappear by itself.. The smartphone Meizu M3X is presented in four body colors – white, black, blue and gold. On the front side of the smartphone’s all pretty standard – a hardware key Home, display the minimum framework on top of the speaker and the camera.. No logos on the front panel. It is noteworthy that the back side of the smartphone also made of glass, which is not only scratches but also looks expensive. On the other hand, if Meizu M3X will fall even from a small height, you’ll be left with a mountain of glass in his hand.. But it looks very expensive, there will not argue.. The smartphone Meizu M3X has got a display with IPS matrix and a diagonal of 5.5 inches, a resolution of 1920 by 1080 pixels. This is a very high-quality display that gives you comfort in reading, games, long movies, and so on.. Under the Home button is also a fingerprint sensor, it works well enough and gives you the ability to protect their personal information from abuse by third parties. Naturally, there is a USB port Type-C, there is a good camera is 12 megapixels and a front to 5.. Fortunately, the main and the front camera Meizu M3X does not protrude from the outside of the body, it is pleased with us.. There is information that Meizu M3X will sell for $ 250 in China. For this price is quite adequate specifications, I would say democratic, but it is only a minimum configuration, steeper version will cost more. But not much, it is still the Chinese smartphone and there is now a very nice price tags.. The smartphone Meizu M3X is ideal for the modern users who want a decent, but not very expensive smart phone. It is in this new product is, plus it looks very stylish.. Review Meizu M3s mini smartphone: First look. Cool1C Review: new smartphone from LeEco and Coolpad. TAGS Android M3X Meizu Meizu M3X Review smartphone. Best Xiaomi phones in 2018 (Ultimate Guide): Xiaomi Mi 7, Redmi 6 Plus and others. Apple Watch vs Xiaomi Amazfit Bip: Which Should You Buy?. Asus ZenFone 5 (2018) Review: Worthy Competitor to iPhone X? Price, release date, specs. Best Chinese New Year Deals 2018 from GearBest. TOP 10 Best Chinese Smartwatch To Buy in 2018. MIUI 10 (X): Latest News, Features, List of Xiaomi Smartphones Receive Updates. Nokia 7 Plus Review: Flagship Price, Mid-Range Features. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro is OFFICIAL: Full Specifications List, Price and Buy. Bluboo D2 Review: THE CHEAPEST SMARTPHONE of 2018 – only $50. Onda V80 REVIEW: $80 Tablet with 8 inch Full HD Display. Best Chinese New Year Deals 2018 from GearBest. Daniel Brown - 2018/02/17. China has a New Year holiday a little later than Western countries. In particular, in 2018 the Chinese people began the new year on.... GearBest 11.11 Black Friday: Find Here Best Coupons – Updated 11.04. GearBest Autumn Bumper Harvest: Most Interesting Deals (Updated: 2017-9-7). error: Content is protected !!. 
Stock rom Meizu Meizu M3x Stock Rom. How To Flash Meizu M3x Firmware. if you need try using update Meizu M3x firmware using FlashFire -> Read here. How to unbricking Meizu M3x -> Read Here. Do not forget that sometimes recommended a full reset (format) , so as not to bring the tails of the previous firmware. Download the correct firmware (all links are in the header of the theme of your phone). Please Note that even though this statement is essentially universal, but it is subject to Meizu M3x and when you go out of your order on your device, then keep in mind that the files must be taken from their phone model and not on the Meizu M3x. The same is true if you do not understand something and you ask questions about the topic. Do not forget to return to the theme of your phone. Strictly abide by the name of “update” and extension “.zip”, If the name is not correct in recovery see the words “Firmware not found”. Do not forget to check the integrity of the file. Note that even MD5 checking the firmware file there is a theoretical possibility that when you copy a file to the phone will not be copied completely.It is better to once again verify the MD5 on the phone (unfortunately does not work in the 3rd version of the installation because the file is temporary and will be deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri, but on the computer after copying to the folder G:Recovery , we can still check MD5). MD5 can synchronize the phone also using various applications. I have been using Solid Explorer File Manager. Starting updates /Downgrade/Repair firmware Meizu M3x. This is the official firmware or stock rom to update Meizu M3x phone. You can also solve problems like hardbrick, bootloop, remove virus, unroot, hard reset/rollback/Downgrade firmware Meizu M3x phone. You need to know that some firmware may need to unlock the bootloader before it can be installed firmware. And if your device does not have any changes after flashing, please check the hardware part such as MMC, or if have access problom to Google apps you can flash this -> gapps.zip. 1) Please do not upgrade Meizu M3x with non-official firmware. 2) Upgrading international version phone with the mainland China Simple Chinese version firmware may lead to compatibility issues. 3) Before upgrading, check that the battery has at least 20% capacity. 4) Selecting “Clear data” will delete all personal data ( such as Notes, Email, and Contacts); whereas the internal storage for Music and Camera photos …etc. 5) Already opened system permission (ROOT), the user must select “Clear Data” to clear phone data for firmware upgrade, Otherwise, it may cause abnormal system or application error ;. 6) After upgrading the firmware, if system reboot or application force close, please try to reset your phone or re-upgrading (Settings-> phone->Storage->Factory reset to reset the phone). Place the root of the internal memory “update.zip” file. Sign in to Windows Explorer / File Manager / documents (depending on the friendly slang). Press / tapnut / click (depending on the friendly slang) to update.zip.. Choose whether or not the “Clear data” “clear data” (wipe / wipe / formatting system cache and data). The data files with photos, video, music, games, documents, and so on. “update.zip” firmware file must be located in the root of the internal memory.. 3.Hold the “power + volume up” button to enter the “recovery”. Choose whether or not “clear data” “clear data” and click “Next”, “the next”. Press the “power + volume up” to enter the “recovery” (hold the button just before the inscription meizu, then release both buttons, or well enough to let go of “power” button). Connect your Meizu M3x to a computer, causing the folder appears the G: “recovery”. In this folder copy the firmware file in the format “update.zip”. After copying the file, without fail disconnect your Meizu M3x from the computer. Choose whether or not to clear data “clear data” and click Next “next”. Note: keep in mind the temporary file and deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri.. Downgrade (to return later to an earlier version of the firmware) is possible by any embodiment of the above. The main thing is that the process of transition to a newer firmware (for example, 4.5.2) to older (for example, 4.2.8.2) accompanied by data cleaning. In any case, I recommend the third option. And there is a solution for you. There are certainly exceptions for rollback. The logic is not revealed until the end, but overall will zoom through the very first firmware. in fact roll back is possible through preset at the factory firmware. For example, a plant stood firmware 4.0.3, the rollback will be done through it. The difficulty lies in the fact that sellers are often the factory firmware is reset, and then have to choose the firmware manually.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Stock Rom. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here:. Powered by HostBlast & Automatic. 
See, read, apply and share for all android user. View Fordroid’s profile on Facebook View ucupbudug’s profile on Twitter. Phones specs & price – FORDROID Asus ZenFone 3 ZE552KL Specs & Reviews Firmware – FORDROID Huawei G Play Mini CHC-U01 Firmware (Android 5.1.1 Lollipop,EMUI 3.1,C636B330,Southeast Asia,Channel-Others) September 18, 2016 Huawei Honor 4C CHC-U01 Firmware (Android 5.1.1 Lollipop,EMUI 3.1,C636B330,Southeast Asia,Channel-Others) September 18, 2016 HUAWEI P8 GRA-UL10 Stock Firmware (Android 5.0 Lollipop ,EMUI 3.1,V100R001C900B141) September 18, 2016 HUAWEI P8 GRA-UL00 Stock Firmware (Android 5.0 Lollipop ,EMUI 3.1,V100R001C900B141) September 18, 2016 LG G Flex D950 Stock KDZ Firmware September 16, 2016 Apk – FORDROID An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. June 8, 2017 Android Phone Firmware , Meizu Phone Firmware. How To Flash Meizu M3x Firmware. if you need try using update Meizu M3x firmware using FlashFire -> Read here. How to unbricking Meizu M3x -> Read Here. Do not forget that sometimes recommended a full reset (format) , so as not to bring the tails of the previous firmware. Download the correct firmware (all links are in the header of the theme of your phone). Please Note that even though this statement is essentially universal, but it is subject to Meizu M3x and when you go out of your order on your device, then keep in mind that the files must be taken from their phone model and not on the Meizu M3x. The same is true if you do not understand something and you ask questions about the topic. Do not forget to return to the theme of your phone. Strictly abide by the name of “update” and extension “.zip”, If the name is not correct in recovery see the words “Firmware not found”. Do not forget to check the integrity of the file. Note that even MD5 checking the firmware file there is a theoretical possibility that when you copy a file to the phone will not be copied completely.It is better to once again verify the MD5 on the phone (unfortunately does not work in the 3rd version of the installation because the file is temporary and will be deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri, but on the computer after copying to the folder G:Recovery , we can still check MD5). MD5 can synchronize the phone also using various applications. I have been using Solid Explorer File Manager. Starting updates /Downgrade/Repair firmware Meizu M3x. This is the official firmware or stock rom to update Meizu M3x phone. You can also solve problems like hardbrick, bootloop, remove virus, unroot, hard reset/rollback/Downgrade firmware Meizu M3x phone. You need to know that some firmware may need to unlock the bootloader before it can be installed firmware. And if your device does not have any changes after flashing, please check the hardware part such as MMC, or if have access problom to Google apps you can flash this -> gapps.zip. 1) Please do not upgrade Meizu M3x with non-official firmware. 2) Upgrading international version phone with the mainland China Simple Chinese version firmware may lead to compatibility issues. 3) Before upgrading, check that the battery has at least 20% capacity. 4) Selecting “Clear data” will delete all personal data ( such as Notes, Email, and Contacts); whereas the internal storage for Music and Camera photos …etc. 5) Already opened system permission (ROOT), the user must select “Clear Data” to clear phone data for firmware upgrade, Otherwise, it may cause abnormal system or application error ;. 6) After upgrading the firmware, if system reboot or application force close, please try to reset your phone or re-upgrading (Settings-> phone->Storage->Factory reset to reset the phone). Place the root of the internal memory “update.zip” file. Sign in to Windows Explorer / File Manager / documents (depending on the friendly slang). Press / tapnut / click (depending on the friendly slang) to update.zip.. Choose whether or not the “Clear data” “clear data” (wipe / wipe / formatting system cache and data). The data files with photos, video, music, games, documents, and so on. “update.zip” firmware file must be located in the root of the internal memory.. 3.Hold the “power + volume up” button to enter the “recovery”. Choose whether or not “clear data” “clear data” and click “Next”, “the next”. Press the “power + volume up” to enter the “recovery” (hold the button just before the inscription meizu, then release both buttons, or well enough to let go of “power” button). Connect your Meizu M3x to a computer, causing the folder appears the G: “recovery”. In this folder copy the firmware file in the format “update.zip”. After copying the file, without fail disconnect your Meizu M3x from the computer. Choose whether or not to clear data “clear data” and click Next “next”. Note: keep in mind the temporary file and deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri.. Downgrade (to return later to an earlier version of the firmware) is possible by any embodiment of the above. The main thing is that the process of transition to a newer firmware (for example, 4.5.2) to older (for example, 4.2.8.2) accompanied by data cleaning. In any case, I recommend the third option. And there is a solution for you. There are certainly exceptions for rollback. The logic is not revealed until the end, but overall will zoom through the very first firmware. in fact roll back is possible through preset at the factory firmware. For example, a plant stood firmware 4.0.3, the rollback will be done through it. The difficulty lies in the fact that sellers are often the factory firmware is reset, and then have to choose the firmware manually.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window). Previous Previous post: Meizu Pro 6 Plus Stock Rom. Next Next post: Meizu M5 Note Stock Rom. 148 spam blocked by Akismet. Create a website or blog at WordPress.com. Privacy & Cookies : Fordroid uses cookies.. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy Our Cookie Policy. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. Original MEIZU M3X Meilan X Helio P20 Octa Core 5.5" 4G LTE 4GB+64GB Smartphone. Meizu M3X Meilan X 5.5 inch 1920*1080 Octa Core Helio P20 3GB 12MP Camera 32GB. Meizu Meilan S6 Smartphone Android 7.0 Exynos 7872 Hexa Core WIFI GPS Touch ID. 5.5" Meizu M3E Meilan M1E 32GB Global ROM MTK Helio P10 Octa Core 4G Smartphone. Original Meizu M6 Meilan 6 MTK6750 Octa Core 16/32GB 5.2" Fingerprint Smartphone. Meizu M3X Meilan X 5.5 inch 1920*1080 Octa Core Helio P20 3GB 12MP Camera 32GB. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. Meizu M3X Meilan X 5.5 inch 1920*1080 Octa Core Helio P20 3GB 12MP Camera 32GB. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. goldgood07-3 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 10 business days.. 6 months to pay on $99+.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Air Gesture, Bluetooth Enabled, Dual-Lens Camera, Dual SIM, Global Ready, GPS, Internet Browser, Music Player, QWERTY Keyboard, Speakerphone, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi Capable. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Excludes: Fiji, Papua New Guinea, Guadeloupe, Marshall Islands, Wallis and Futuna, Gambia, Mayotte, Taiwan, Poland, Suriname, Oman, Kenya, United Arab Emirates, Argentina, Middle East, Guinea-Bissau, Togo, Senegal, Armenia, Bhutan, Uzbekistan, Ireland, Qatar, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas), Burundi, Slovakia, Iraq, Equatorial Guinea, Slovenia, Aruba, American Samoa, Iceland, Macedonia, Liechtenstein, Israel, Kuwait, Belgium, Algeria, Benin, Russian Federation, Antigua and Barbuda, Italy, Swaziland, Pakistan, Tanzania, Ukraine, Burkina Faso, Panama, Jersey, Kyrgyzstan, Switzerland, Reunion, Djibouti, Chile, China, Mali, Croatia, Republic of, Botswana, Cambodia, Portugal, Indonesia, Malta, Tajikistan, Vietnam, Paraguay, Cayman Islands, Saint Helena, Cyprus, Rwanda, Seychelles, Bangladesh, Austria, Sri Lanka, Zimbabwe, Gabon Republic, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), Kiribati, Turkmenistan, Greece, Grenada, Haiti, Yemen, Greenland, Afghanistan, Montenegro, Africa, Mongolia, Nepal, Bahrain, Bahamas, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Dominica, Hungary, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Angola, South America, Western Samoa, Mozambique, Namibia, Peru, Guatemala, Vatican City State, Solomon Islands, Sierra Leone, Nauru, French Guiana, Anguilla, El Salvador, Guam, Micronesia, Dominican Republic, Cameroon, Guyana, Azerbaijan Republic, Macau, Georgia, Tonga, New Caledonia, San Marino, Eritrea, Morocco, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Belarus, Mauritania, Belize, Philippines, Uruguay, Congo, Democratic Republic of the, Western Sahara, Congo, Republic of the, French Polynesia, Cook Islands, Colombia, Comoros, Estonia, Bermuda, Montserrat, Zambia, Somalia, Vanuatu, Ecuador, Albania, Monaco, Guernsey, Ethiopia, Laos, Niger, Venezuela, Ghana, Cape Verde Islands, Moldova, Martinique, Madagascar, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Lebanon, Liberia, Bolivia, Gibraltar, Libya, Hong Kong, Central African Republic, Lesotho, Nigeria, Saint Lucia, Mauritius, Guinea, Jordan, Canada, British Virgin Islands, Turks and Caicos Islands, Chad, Andorra, Romania, Costa Rica, India, Mexico, Serbia, Kazakhstan, Saudi Arabia, Netherlands Antilles, Trinidad and Tobago, Palau, Malawi, Nicaragua, Tunisia, Luxembourg, Uganda, Turkey, Brazil, Barbados, Germany, Tuvalu, Jamaica, Egypt, Niue, Brunei Darussalam, Honduras, South Africa, Virgin Islands (U.S.). No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 4.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Seller ships within 3 days after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 3 business days of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Money back or replacement (buyer's choice). If the package lost, received defective item or not satisfy with the item, you may contact us through email or ebay message. Normally, we will reply your email within 24 business hours. Please don't make dispute or bad feedback to us. Thank you and havea nice day.. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $176.99 is required.. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5 ,. 5 Tips for Buying an HTC Desire ,. What to Look for When Buying a Motorola V3 ,. How to Unlock the iPhone 5 ,. How to Jailbreak the iPhone 5 ,. How to Refurbish an iPhone 3GS. Octa Core MEIZU 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Octa Core BLU Vivo 5 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Helio Octa Core DOOGEE Smartphones ,. Octa Core 3GB RAM Tablets ,. Octa Core 3GB RAM 32GB Tablets & eBook Readers. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
