GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 140.1 x 68.9 x 8.7 mm (5.52 x 2.71 x 0.34 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~71.4% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M2 - user opinions and reviews. where can i buy original or best battery?. 2 years past, now battery charged very slowly, nearly tooks 5 hours.. 2 years using it while screen cracked but still ok. nice price / performance / age phone. Meizu m2 last two years exlent working and now battery dull. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M2 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3 Meizu M5c Meizu M5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Meizu M3s. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
1.3GHz quad-core CPU with A53 architecture Advanced 64-bit processor. The quad-core Cortex-A53 processor has a clock speed of 1.3GHz, making the Meizu M2 blazing fast. MediaTek's CorePilotâ¢, the highly efficient multi-processing technology, allows the CPU and GPU to work together perfectly. The 64-bit processor is powered by the all-new Flyme OS 4.5 based on Android 5.1 to deliver a smooth user experience.. 2GB RAM â¢ Samsung eMMC 5.0 high-speed flash memory. The perfect synergy between the 2 GB of onboard RAM and Samsung's advanced 16 GB eMMC 5.0 high-speed flash memory performs far beyond anything else in this price range. You will never have to worry about a shortage of memory. With less pre-installed apps, large internal memory and Android 5.1, the Meizu M2 brings the same fluent high-end experience as the MX5 provides.. 5-inch 720p fully laminated screen 296 pixels per inch. The 5-inch 720p HD screen, which is fully laminated, features a contrast ratio of 1000:1 and an excellent screen-to-body ratio of 75.6%. The renowned IPS display technology provides the screen with clear and ultra-fine display effects.. 13 megapixel rear camera Number one in this price range. The Meizu M2 is equipped with a 13 megapixel Samsung CMOS sensor, 5-element lens modules, and an Æ/2.2 ultra large aperture. With these specifications, you are guaranteed of sufficient lighting and a high resolution. And that ensures adequate shutter speeds even in low-light environments. The 5 megapixel front camera is leading in this price range. Its brand new FotoNation 2.0 smart selfie enhancement system and precise white balance adjustment helps to produce superior photographs.. Dual-SIM with dual 4G Supports micro SD cards up to 128 GB. The Meizu M2 supports dual-SIM and dual 4G. Whether it's a voice conversation over 2G or high-speed 4G internet access, the Meizu M2 can handle it all. You can switch between different SIM cards without any limitations. The primary SIM slot can also be used as a micro SD card slot with a storage capacity up to 128 GB.. 2500mAh battery â¢ First-class SONY/ATL battery cells. The battery of the Meizu M2 provides a typical capacity of 2500mAh. Together with the optimized operating system, it offers a call time of up to 23 hours. Even with a Wi-Fi network connection and your screen turned on, you can browse the internet for up to 12 hours. The batteries of the Meizu M2 are provided by leading brands like SONY and ATL, with the aim of improving integrity at the right place.. *Battery performance is determined based on network status and system settings. Actual battery life may differ from laboratory test data.. 2G phone call 23 hours. 4G internet surfing 10 hours. 720P video playing 10 hours. As light as 131g â¢ Unibody design. The Meizu M2 follows the characteristic design language already seen at the Meizu M2. It's the first time ever that the sophisticated dual-slot single SIM tray and unibody design are offered in this price range. In addition, the Meizu M2 allows for perfect one-handed usability weighing only 131g and featuring a 5-inch screen.. CNC engraving process Amazingly smooth to the touch. The Meizu M2 perfectly integrates our uncompromising manufacturing technology. We use a molded polycarbonate unibody design throughout the entire phone. High-precision CNC engraving technology is applied in all holes and openings. With the polished R-angle curves, the Meizu M2 fits in your hand so well that it will be hard to put it down after picking it up.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu m2. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu m2 smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. The Meizu m2 is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu m2 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu m2 runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 2500mAh non removable battery. It measures 140.10 x 68.90 x 8.70 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 131.00 grams. The Meizu m2 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good looks and build Decent performance and specs Good value for money Bad Software is too complicated Average camera performance. Read detailed Meizu m2 review. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera Launched at Rs. Meizu m2 India Launch Confirmed for Monday. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera, Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 140.10 x 68.90 x 8.70 Weight (g) 131.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery No Colours White, Silver, Blue, Pink SAR value 0.41. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek MT6735 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 5.1 Skin Flyme 4.5. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu m2. 0 Out of 0. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera Launched at Rs. Meizu m2 India Launch Confirmed for Monday. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera, Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Meizu M2 Meizu M2 vs. Meizu M2 Note Meizu M2 vs. Apple iPhone 4S Coolpad Note 3 vs. Yu Yureka Plus Coolpad Mega 2 5d vs. Meizu M2 Meizu M2 vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Lenovo Vibe K5 vs. Lenovo K3 Note Htc Desire 630 vs. Iberry Auxus Prime P8000 vs. Blackberry Z3 Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 vs. Apple iPhone 6 Meizu M2 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu M2 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. meizu mx2 motoactv. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu m2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Magnetic Card Slots Wallet Flip Leather Cover Case. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. Luxury Slim Matte Electroplate Hybrid Hard Case Cover For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note. For Meizu M6 M5 M5S M5C M3S M2 Note Magnetic Leather Wallet Case Cover Stand. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Phone Case. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note MX 4 5 6 U10 20 Leather Flip Cover Dual View Window Case. For MEIZU Full Coverage Shockproof Slim Case Silicone Soft Protective Cover Skin. Shockproof Hybrid Armor Rubber Case Stand Case Cover for Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note. Ultra-Thin Slim Clear Rubber Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover For Meizu M2/M3 Note. For Meizu M2 Mini Fashion Stand Case Wallet Style PU Leather Magnetic Flip Cover. Ultra Thin Hard Plastic Case Shockproof Back Cover Chromed For Meizu Nokia LG. Cases For Meizu MX4 MX5 Pro M2 Mini Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Star Marble Skins. Flip Wallet Magnetic Card Leather Case Cover For Meizu MX5 MX6 Pro6 M2 M3 Note. Ultra-thin Original PU Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Meizu M2 M3/M3S Note MX5. iPaky Hybrid Hard Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Case Cover For Meizu M1 M2 M3 Note MX5. Luxury Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Skin Case Cover For Meizu MX5 M2 M3 Note Pro6/plus. 2Pcs 9H Real Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu MeiLan Phone. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note Luxury Ultra Thin Matte Electroplate Case Phone Cover. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. Luxury Slim Matte Hybrid Hard Back Case Cover For Meizu M3 M5 M6 Note M6. For Meizu Anti Fingerprint Slim Patterned Rubber Silicone Back TPU Case Cover. For Meizu M2 Camera Lens Antenna Housing Replacement Battery Case Cover. Soft Silicone TPU Rubber Gel Back Case Cover Skin For iPhone Samsung Galaxy SE. For Meizu M2 Camera Lens Antenna Housing Replacement Battery Case Cover. For Meizu A5 M5S M3 M5 M6 Note Durable Magnetic Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover. For Meizu M1 / M2 / M3 Note/ M3s Premium Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film AR. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. For 5.5" Meizu M2 Note /Meiblue Note2 Leather Card Slot Stand Cover Case Wallet. Luxury Ultra-thin Leather Plating Bumper Back Case Skin Cover For Meizu (Meilan). For Meizu M2 Note 2 Leather Photo Frame Wallet Cell Flip Stand Soft Case Cover. For Meizu M2 note Meilan Note 2 Hard Case Cover Owl Superman Cat Elephant Mask. THIN PLATED SOFT BACK CASE COVER FOR MEIZU M2 M3 M5 NOTE MAX MX4 MX5 MX6 PRO U20. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Butterfly Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Covers. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Butterfly Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Covers. Tempered Glass + Ultra Thin Clear TPU Soft back Protective Case Cover For Meizu. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury SILK Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Pro 6 7 Leather Flip Wallet Card Magnetic Case Cover. For Meizu M2 Housing Replacement Battery Case Cover Camera Lens Antenna. For Meizu M1 M2 Note Meilan Note 1 2 Glass Film 3D Silicone Stitch Case Cover. For Meizu M2 mini Meilan 2 5.0" 3D Black Case Cover Soft Matte Rubber Batman Cat. Original Battery Door Replacement Back Cover for Meilan 2 Note 2 w Sim Card Tray. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note M5S Luxury Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. The Little Prince Antoine de Saint Exupery Elephant Hard Cover Case For iPhone. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Luxury Slim Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Cover. 3D Cute Cartoon Cherry Cupcakes Ice Cream Shaped Silicone Case Bumper For Mobile. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Luxury Slim Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Cover. Clear Thin Gradient Cover Case For Meizu M2 M3 M3S Mini Note MX5 MX6 Pro6 U20. Logo Marvel Comic Spider Man Hard Cover Case For iPhone Galaxy Huawei Lenovo New. New BTS Bangtan Boys Band Kpop DNA Concert Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei. New Gudetama Lazy Egg Avocado Cute Gift Sanrio Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
(Supports micro SD cards up to 128GB). ARM Â® Cortex Â® -A53 1.3GHz x 4. FDD-LTE / TD-LTE / TD-SCDMA / WCDMA / GSM. 802.11 n/g/b/a Wi-Fi Supports dual-band Wi-Fi (2.4GHz/5GHz). Hall Effect sensor, Gravity sensor, IR proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, Digital compass. Supports FDD-LTE / TD-LTE / TD-SCDMA / WCDMA / GSM. Supports micro SD cards up to 128GB. Both SIM1 and SIM2 support 4G networks. You can choose the data service mode in the Settings; one SIM will be 4G while the other SIM can only use GSM networks.. SIM2 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a micro SD card of up to 128GB.. How to install two SIM cards. How to install one SIM card. How to install SIM and micro SD card. Insert half of the tray into the phone and place SIM2 into the slot. Insert the tray fully into the phone and complete the SIM installation. Insert the tray fully into the phone and complete the SIM installation. Insert half of the tray into the phone and place a micro SD card into the slot. Insert the tray fully into the phone and complete the SIM installation. Working environment temperature -15Â°C to 55Â°C. Non-working environment temperature -40Â°C to 70Â°C. Operational altitude Up to 5,000 meters. The actual size and weight of the phone may vary due to different specifications and assembly tolerance.. The above data were gathered in tests in a lab environment. To avoid phone damage or malfunctioning, please avoid using your phone under extreme conditions.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Aug 3, 2015. Based on 1 User reviews. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). When compared to its extremely popular affordable phablet sibling, the 5.5-inch Meizu M2 Note, one can see that the Meizu M2 cuts some corners: the 5-inch screen features a 720 x 1280-pixel resolution (vs 1080p on the M2 Note), and the system chip is the less capable MT6735 (vs the MT6753). We would not consider those deal-breakers in any way, though: the display is still sharp with pixel density close to that of, say, the iPhone, while the system chip is on par with the Snapdragon 410 used in devices like the new Moto G (however, the Moto G costs twice as much). The Meizu M2 features the same 13MP/5MP (rear/front) camera setup as the M2 Note.. OS: Android (5.1), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 5.52 x 2.71 x 0.34 inches (140.1 x 68.9 x 8.7 mm). Weight: 4.62 oz (131 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail). Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Face detection, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Accelerometer, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 29 Jul 2015. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu m2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu m2 (not m2 Note) on sale now, you can buy it for $130. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
While being a fairly well-established smartphone brand in China, Meizu is a recent entrant in India, and a significant market share still eludes the brand in this nation. The latest product from their stable, the Meizu m2, balances specifications, user experience, and pricing well, and is aimed to carve out a niche for themselves in the budget smartphone market.. Android 5.1 Lollipop with Flyme OS 4.5. 5-inch HD (1280 x 720) | AGC Dragontrail glass protection. 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 64-bit processor with Mali-T720 GPU. 16GB internal memory, expandable up to 128GB with microSD. 13MP with LED Flash, f/2.2 aperture. I've been using the Indian edition of Meizu m2 for last two weeks. Out of the box, the m2 ran Flyme OS 4.5 running on top of Android 5.1. For most of the time, I used it with Airtel 4G, and to test the dual SIM functionality, I popped in a Vodafone 3G SIM sometimes.. Meizu m2 carries the design identity we've seen with other Meizu devices in the past, transcending the price segments. It's not flashy, but focused on being functional and ergonomically sound, and yet is visually appealing.. While one may mistake the exterior for metal on first glance, the build is all plastic. Nevertheless, it feels really good in the hand and the curved edges on the back makes it really easy to grip. At 131 grams it's fairly light and the contours make for a very comfortable and compact phone.. The glaring omission are the three navigation buttons found on most Android smartphones. Instead, you'd find a single, physical button, called mBack. The single button is both touch sensitive and physical, and hence serves as both Home (long press) and Back (tap) keys. Pressing the mBack button once minimizes the app and takes you to the home screen while holding it for three seconds, locks the screen.. The 5-inch HD display sports Asahi Dragontrail glass for damage protection. While the display is pretty good in terms of colors and resolution (294 ppi), the brightness is a tad letdown. Even at full brightness, it isn't quite bright and the dullness is exaggerated outdoors under intense sunlight.. While the m2 is a dual-SIM device, one of the trays is a hybrid one, which means that you can either have a second SIM or a microSD card for expandable storage, but not both. Also, the back is not removable, so you can't access the battery.. On paper, the hardware specifications of the Meizu m2 with a 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 64-bit processor with Mali-T720 GPU paired with 2GB of RAM are run of the mill, but the excellent software optimizations make it a pretty good device for most users. There's 16GB of onboard storage, out of which about 10GB is user-accessible, which is decent. There's also a slot for microSD card allowing you to expand the storage up to 128GB.. The performance is consistently decent, and you wouldn't find the m2 lacking as long as you aren't pressing too hard on multitasking – and that's really true for most budget smartphones. Navigating through the UI and launching apps is snappy and even with gaming, the m2 performs quite smooth and at par with other devices in the price segment.. The battery life on the Meizu m2 is quite impressive, credit due to the power efficient processor and the optimizations on Flyme OS. On moderate to average use, the 2,500 mAh battery easily lasted for over a day.. Powered by Android 5.1, the Meizu m2 runs the company's proprietary Flyme operating system. It's a refreshing change from the stock Android experience, but many would wonder if it is necessary.. The interface eschews a dual-level hierarchy and there's no app drawer. While the notifications hub is similar to most Android skins, the app switcher is quite different. You'd need to swipe up from below — from either side of the home button — to get access to currently running applications. The settings section is a little confusing at first since the two-pane setup focusses on iconography. It's easy to get lost here, and takes a little time to get used to.. The Flyme OS 4.5 experience is an acquired taste, along with the mBack paradigm. The latter is an unusual experience, and while it doesn't solve any problem, it works well once you get a hang of it. The UI though looks neat, and for the lack of better word, feels quite light.. The Meizu m2 sports a generous 13-megapixel rear camera. The daylight shots are reasonably good. Most of the photos captured are bright and detailed and the color reproduction is decent. Some shots can be a miss too, with a little blur or noise creeping in. Low light photographs on the other hand are grainy and lack details. The photos turn out to be dull, however, the ones with the LED flash are decent. The 5-megapixel front camera is decent, and good enough for those selfies.. Both the cameras can capture full HD videos that look good enough when shot in well-lit conditions, and offer a smooth playback.. The UI of the Camera app is intuitive, and offers different modes with creative filters, beauty mode, and a QR code scanner mode for reading barcodes as well. Switching between the modes is a tad awkward since it involves swiping between the modes with no way to jump to a mode at the other end. The app also offers a manual mode which allows you to play around with the shutter speed, ISO, exposure, and focus.. While it doesn't offer anything exceptional, except a neat camera app, most photos are pretty decent and acceptable for a budget device. Check out some sample photos from the Meizu m2 below.. Meizu m2 The bottom line. Should you buy it? Probably. Priced at ¥599 ($94 USD) in China and ₹6,999 ($105) in India, the Meizu m2 boasts of great build quality with excellent audio playback and battery life. While the camera manages to pass of as average, the overall performance is pretty good. The Flyme OS and the mBack button might be disorienting at first, but the software optimizations are what makes it snappy. The m2 ticks almost all the boxes for a decent smartphone, and it feels great in the hand.. The Meizu m2 might not be the best out there, but definitely a pretty good budget smartphone. If you are looking for a nice, compact phone that performs well, Meizu m2 is a fine option on the table. I quite like the overall feel of the phone, and continue to use it as my secondary phone after the review period. If you are looking at other phones in the same price segment, and are convinced about one of those, maybe you should give m2 a skip and avoid the learning curve required for Flyme experience and the mBack navigation paradigm.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Meizu M2 / M2 Mini is a 5" phone with a 720 x 1280 pixel display. The Mediatek MT6735 chipset is paired with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage. The main camera has a 13MP sensor and the selfie camera is 5MP. The battery has a 2500 mAh capacity.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Real Life Review. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Questions & Answers. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Accessories. Kernels : Meizu M2 / M2 Mini. Tools/Utilities : Meizu M2 / M2 Mini. Rom List : Meizu M2 / M2 Mini. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Real Life Review Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Questions & Answers Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion Meizu M2 / M2 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Accessories. Most Active Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Topics. Rom Lineage OS 7.1.2 Build 2018123 Latest Updated. Rom 5.0.2 MIUI9 7.9.14 MiuiPRO beta For Meizu M2/Mini. Rom Lineage OS 7.1.2(OMS) Build 2018128 Latest Updated. Rom 7.1.2 Viper OS Built from source Latest For Meizu M2 Mini. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Real Life Review. More Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Real Life Review Threads. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Questions & Answers. USB run only in fastboot mode. Meizu m2 mini orMeizu m2 note bootloop/not booting?. More Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Questions & Answers Threads. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion. [HOW TO] Meizu M2 Mini | Root, adb, unlock bootloader, TWRP recovery and CM 12.1. [Guide]Unlock Bootloader&Install Twrp And Flash Cm12.1 All in One For Meizu M2/Mini. [Guide]Enable MTK Engineering Mode On Every 7.x.x Based Roms {partially working}. More Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Rom Resurrection-Remix 5.8.5 Build 2018123 Latest 7.1.2 Updated. Rom Lineage OS 7.1.2(OMS) Build 2018128 Latest Updated. Rom 7.1.2 crDroidAndroid-7.1.2-v3.4_L-ROM.RU Meizu M2 Mini (3.7 VIP Updated). Rom 5.0.2 MIUI9 7.9.14 MiuiPRO beta For Meizu M2/Mini. Custom Kernel A Complete Overview For Meizu M2/Mini. More Meizu M2 / M2 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods. [Boot Animation] Pixel 2 boot animation for Meizu m2 mini. [Boot Animation]Watch Dogs v3.0 Boot Animation. [Boot Animation]Marvel VS DC Boot Animation. More Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Accessories. [Tempered Glass]Best Tempered Glass With Sensors Cut. More Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Android 5.1 Lollipop (Flyme UI). mm) 720p (294 ppi ) IGZO display. 13 MP , 1/3.06" sensor size, 5-element lens, ƒ/2.2, with autofocus , 4X digital zoom, LED flash, and 1080p recording. 5 MP , ƒ/2.0, 69° wide angle, and 1080p recording. Bluetooth 4.0 , WiFi n/g/b/a, supports dual-band Wi-Fi (2.4GHz/5GHz). This mobile phone–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it .. The Meizu M2 is a smartphone developed by Meizu ((Chinese: 魅族科技有限公司), or simply "Meizu" (Chinese: 魅族; pinyin: Mèi Zú)). It is part of Meizu's mid-range smartphone line and was released in July 2015 in China and internationally shortly after. The Meizu M2 is the successor of the Meizu M1 Note. Visually the biggest difference compared to the previous model is a new capacitive / physical home button and a separate notification LED. it has a polycarbonate unibody design with rounded back and edges along with a rather minimalist front. The M2 comes in three glossy colors (white, blue and pink) and matte grey.. Categories : Meizu Mobile technology stubs. Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax All stub articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 20 August 2016, at 23:07. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu M3s 4g Smartphone Meizu M5s 4g Smartphone 4g Smartphone Meizu 4g Smartphone Android Meizu. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. Android 5.1 5MP + 13MP Cameras MTK6735 64bit Quad Core 2GB RAM 16GB ROM. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tip: Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. 5.0 inch MEIZU M2 Android 5.1 4G Smartphone MTK6735 64bit Quad Core 1.3GHz 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 5MP + 13MP Cameras Main Features: Display: 5.0 inch HD Screen, 1280 x 720 pixels CPU: MTK6735 processor, ARM cortex-A53 1.3GHz x 4 GPU: Mali-T720 System: Flyme OS 4.5 (based on Android 5.1) RAM + ROM: 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM Camera Rear camera: 13 megapixel camera, CorningGorilla Glass 3 protective lens glass, f/2.2 aperture, 5-element lens, Burst mode, Panoramic lens, Single flash Front camera: 5 megapixel , 4-element lens, f/2.0 aperture FotoNation 2.0 smart selfie enhancement, Face AE face light boost Sensors: Hall Effect sensor, Gravity sensor, IR proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, Digital compass Bluetooth: 4.0 GPS: GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS SIM Card: Dual SIM dual standby, Dual Nano SIM, Note: SIM1 Nano SIM, SIM2 Nano/TF card 1. Both SIM1 and SIM2 support 4G networks. You can choose the data service mode in the Settings; one SIM will be 4G while the other SIM can only use GSM networks. SIM2 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB. Network: 2G: GSM 900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz. Languages: English, French, Spanish, Russian, German, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese. Notice : If you need any specific language other than English and you must leave us a message when you checkout. SIM Card Slot: Dual Standby,Dual SIM. SIM Card Type: Dual Nano SIM. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1280 x 720 (HD 720). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). Back camera: with flash light and AF,13.0MP. I/O Interface: 3.5mm Audio Out Port,Micro USB Slot,TF/Micro SD Card Slot. Battery Capacity (mAh): 2500mAh Built-in Battery. Product size: 14.01 x 6.89 x 0.87 cm / 5.51 x 2.71 x 0.34 inches. Package size: 19.0 x 12.0 x 7.0 cm / 7.47 x 4.72 x 2.75 inches. Download your favorite apps through the Google Play Store or Market installed. Note: This smart phone is designed only to work with the current Android/Windows OS installed in it. Any alterations such as upgrades or flashing a newer version will void the warranty. The stated ROM amount shows the maximum available ROM with nothing installed. However, the Android/Windows OS and pre-installed software from the manufacturer will occupy some of this ROM. The available ROM on the device will therefore be slightly less than the ROM listed.. FAQ for MEIZU M2 4G Smartphone. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. you have a handy what have also the language in romanian. By stanciu ionel Mar-22/2016 07:03:29. Hello stanciu， Please check the available Languages in the product Specification.The item supports the following languages:-. English, French, Spanish, Russian, German, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese. Notice If you need any specific language other than English and you must leave us a message when you checkout. When will it be available again?. By May Mar-21/2016 04:03:52. Hello May， Yes, we have stock, please feel free to order it. Any difference between Meizu M2 4G and Meizu M2 Note 4G?. By John Mar-13/2016 12:03:10. Languages: English, French, Spanish, Russian, German, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese. Screen size: 5.0 inch Screen resolution: 1280 x 720 (HD 720). Languages: Simplified/Traditional Chinese, English, Cestina, Deutsch, Eesti, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Polski, Romana, Slovenscina, Greek, Russian, Hebrew. Screen size: 5.5 inch Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). By Marcilio Crisostomo de sousa Feb-24/2016 02:02:23. Please feel free to ask if you have further pre-sale questions.. Hi! Is it just the phone or do you add some gifts like bumper and film?. By Igor Feb-24/2016 01:02:13. Cell Phone: 1 SIM Needle: 1 Power Adapter: 1 USB Cable: 1. is it possible to install the Russian language in telephone? and delete all chinese soft?. By Ayrat Feb-21/2016 01:02:08. You can leave a message on the order ask to install. We can not delete all chinese softs. What system is installed in the phone.. By Max Feb-15/2016 03:02:51. Please feel free to ask if you have further questions.. Does this phone has the Greek language?. By DIMITRIOS ANGELIS Feb-14/2016 10:02:23. Languages: English, French, Spanish, Russian, German, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese Notice : If you need any specific language other than English and you must leave us a message when you checkout. is this the international version of the maize m2?. By caterina Feb-14/2016 05:02:41. hola este movil dual sim las 2 sim tienen que ser nano sim o sea de las mas paqueñas o asepta las normales es que quiero cambiar de telefono pero mis targetas son sim normales. By octavio777 Feb-08/2016 09:02:40. Thank you for your inquiry,it is sincerely Dual Nano SIM.Have a nice day.. Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 10 Next Go To : GO. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 100 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 207 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Pros: Si eres atrevido no vas a tener ningún problema yo me quedé muy satisfecho Cons: Tuve problemas con la pantalla y la conexión 3g pero por suerte después de buscar mucho conseguí arreglarlo. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good quality for the price Cons: none. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: to the pluses I will take the price, the characteristics of the battery Cons: Average quality of the ringing speaker - Decreased performance compared to Meizu M1 Note, worse oleophobic coating, inconvenient volume / on / off keys - Minor glitches in the firmware. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). A good phone for its price. Pros: It does what it is supposed to do, flashed the newest 7.1.2 rom lately Cons: The battery could be a bit bigger. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: All is good Cons: None. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). bought this for my wife after the m2 note. Pros: great phone for the price. paid under £100 at that time. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Телефон хороший, все работает отлично, полностью соответствует описанию, хорошее качество самого смартфона отлично выглядит, нет скрипов, в руке удобно, не скользит , поэтому риск падения смартфона исчезает, приятный дизайн Не тормозит. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: i have this mobile it is good in battery and normla resolution it is good in running application not in big one...all is good really mau be camera it is normal not superp.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very nice phone, works great and is very good looking. Battery is good and so is camera and screen. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 21 Next Go To : GO. A good phone for its price. Pros: It does what it is supposed to do, flashed the newest 7.1.2 rom lately Cons: The battery could be a bit bigger. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Телефон хороший, все работает отлично, полностью соответствует описанию, хорошее качество самого смартфона отлично выглядит, нет скрипов, в руке удобно, не скользит , поэтому риск падения смартфона исчезает, приятный дизайн Не тормозит. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: buen movil Cons: se agota rapido la bateria. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Flyme OS is one of the simplest and useful Roms. I am very satisfied with this smartphone. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Phone is cool!!! all in Russian, the battery holds 2 days. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Очень хороший телефон, все работает, летает , ничего нее люфтит, коробка была немного пошарпана, но на то это и доставка. Самое главное что телефон цеелый, рабочий, отрабатывает уже почти год и с ним все хорошо, всем советую! Cons: Пластиковый, наверное только в этом. Тем более сейчас много вышло других телефонов, и они все металлические. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: The phone is good, is awesome,All works fine is fully consistent with the description,all of good qualitysmartphone itself looks fine no squeaks, in the hand is convenient, does not slip in hand, so the risk of drop smartphone disappears, nice design does not slow down. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: An interesting product, with good performance, came with international rom. For an european use is better to update with an international rom ( I for flyme 5 and G for the new flyme 5). The touch hime button is wondefull Cons: Battery And my display gone mad. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: very good phone! i like this. u can buy it Cons: None. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 10 Next Go To : GO. Flyme OS is one of the simplest and useful Roms. I am very satisfied with this smartphone. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Perfecto smartphone, buena calidad, muy buen rendimiento, muy recomendable y buen precio. Cons: Este modelo ya no recibe actualizaciones.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Everything is fine, come in two weeks. packaged well, gave a silicone case. the phone is fully international International firmware, menu in English. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Cool phone for a low price. I am quite happy Cons: Problems with firmware, but they are easily corrected. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Quality At an altitude of quality Cons: core firmware. firmware views not International firmware general need to modify the firmware version no European charging unit. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Упаковка дизайн, габариты, вес качество сборки экран оптимизация, производительность, многозадачность, пригоден для игр звук в наушниках камера Автономность до 4 дней Доступная цена Доставка 3 недели, магазин прислал в подарок переходник для розетки Cons: качество динамиков большой расход энергии в режиме ожидания. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: El smartphone es muy recomendable 100% y guarda una muy buena relación calidad precio, MUY RECOMENDABLE Cons: ninguno aparente. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: No tengo ningún pro lo único es que venía sin batería y me espante Cons: Es muy bonito y luce muy bien ala mano y lo mejor viene en. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Es un teléfono muy barato. La calidad de los componentes es muy buena. Es compatible con todas las redes de ESPAÑA La pantalla es muy luminosa La cámara es mejor que muchos otros teléfonos de este precio Se puede elegir diferentes colores Cons: No contiene ANDROID puro , utiliza FLYME OS. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 Next Go To : GO. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Is this the phone to bring Meizu to the west?. The Meizu M2 Note is an impressive phablet, with specs and features that wouldn't look out of place on a handset twice its price. If you don't mind a few quirks or a relatively unknown brand name, then it's one of the best smartphones you can buy on a budget.. Can't use dual SIM if you have a microSD card. Meizu is a company that has found a lot of success in its native China – the previous M1 Note has sold more than 5 million units since its launch – and the company now has its sights firmly on making it big in the West, pinning its hopes on the Meizu M2 Note.. Breaking out of China and gaining worldwide recognition like its compatriots Huawei and OnePlus is an understandable aim, and Meizu is relying on a potent mix of impressive specs and low price to catch the eye of Western consumers.. Could the Meizu M2 Note be the handset to change the company's fortunes outside of its homeland? It's not quite as exciting as its flagship MX4 and MX4 Pro , but it offers some very compelling features for the price – and some pretty interesting innovations.. At the launch event it was announced that the M2 Note will be priced at an incredibly reasonable 799RMB (about $129, £85, AU$168) for the 16GB version, and 999RMB (about $161, £106, AU$210) for the 32GB version.. When I spoke to Meizu before the announcement of the international prices, I was assured that the past discrepancy between Chinese prices and the rest of the world hadn't been ideal, and that the company was looking into reducing the gap.. I'm happy to report that since then, Meizu has made good on its promise, and you can buy the international version of the M2 Note for as low as £144 (about $227, AU$294), which means the M2 Note could end up being the best value handset Meizu has ever launched outside of China.. The Meizu M2 Note is an attractively designed handset, and at first glance reminds me of the iPhone 3G, with the rounded back and edges, and rather minimalist front.. Complaints with the M1 Note focused on the back and edges not being particularly comfortable to hold, which has been addressed with the M2 Note having a more subtle curve to it.. The M2 Note is comfortable to hold, and looks rather nice. I certainly didn't feel any immediate discomfort when holding the M2 Note, and despite its large 5.5-inch screen, it felt more comfortable than some of the other large screen 'phablets' I've held.. This is thanks to the impressively slim bezel that surrounds the left and right hand sides of the screen, which hold just a sliver of black between the screen's edge and the body. The bezel along the top and bottom of the handset are thicker, but that's understandable due to the necessity of holding the speaker, a notification LED light and front-facing camera, along with the home button.. Meizu previously claimed that holding an M2 Note would be like "sticking out your hand in a 60mph car", and while it certainly doesn't achieve that (and I'm not sure I'd want a phone which replicated that experience), the polycarbonate unibody felt light yet robust at a weight of 149g.. The M2 Note comes in four colours including the white and grey pictured here. The M2 Note comes in white, blue, pink and grey. From my time with each colour, the grey hue is definitely the most attractive, though the others are by no means ugly.. One aspect that does take a little getting used to is locating the power and volume buttons on the left-hand side of the body – a common design choice in China that could baffle our Western hands for the first few days of using the M2 Note.. The power and volume buttons are on the left-hand side of the body. Everything else is roughly where you'd expect them to be, with a headphone port at the top and a micro USB port on the bottom.. On the right-hand side is a singular tray which allows you to add two SIM cards, or a SIM card and a microSD card up to 128GB. It's a nice system that keeps the body of the device looking uncluttered, though some people might not be too happy about sacrificing a SIM card to expand the memory.. The oval home button is located at the bottom bezel underneath the screen and comes with some interesting innovations. Meizu described the home button as 'revolutionary' – more on that later.. Revolutionary or not, the placement of the home screen, and the lack of any other buttons on the M2 Note's face, again draws comparisons with Apple devices. While this would usually be folly for devices in this price bracket, the M2 Note comes off pretty well, and it certainly doesn't look like a cheap phone.. Next Page Key features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu M2 mini by paiktaras. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Real Life Review Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Questions & Answers Meizu M2 / M2 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Accessories. 6 SP Flash Tool backup and Kernel Source code! I found some VERY … 5 (quote). … 4 (quote) Needed ROOT. Busybox download … 3 New firmware 4.5.4.2A is available - 3 The following applications. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By paiktaras , Senior Member on 18th September 2015, 02:31 PM. Will this phone work in my country? http://www.willmyphonework.net/. Download the newest version from http://www.flyme.cn/firmwarelist-19.html. You now have the update.zip, now connect your Meizu with your PC. Copy the update.zip to the main folder (internal) of your Meizu. Optional: you might want to do a factory reset, otherwise your gonna flash over your old install. To do a factory reset, go to settings -> about phone -> memory/storage. Reboot and press Vol+ & Power at the same time. Choose System upgrade and press Start. Wait for it to install, you're done!. How do I root my device?. Settings > Accounts > My Flyme > "YOURUSERNAME" > System privileges. How do I unroot my device?. Post here for all your questions, reviews, unboxing, news and discussions on this highly anticipated phone from Meizu. tested and work on 4.5.4.1A & 4.5.4i firmware. Flyme OS 5.1.6.0 Global is here :. Root for Flyme OS 5.1.6.0 Global is here :. Flyme OS 5.1.8.0 Global is here :. Flyme OS 5.1.9.0 Global is here :. Flyme OS Flyme 5.1.10.0 Global is here :. Flyme OS Flyme 5.1.11.0 Global is here :. The Following 4 Users Say Thank You to paiktaras For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Fadli69 (25th November 2015) , Stachura5 (4th January 2016) , V-incent (24th October 2015) , Yosu69 (6th December 2015). Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2010. My Devices: HTC Raphael: Touch Pro, Fuze , HTC Desire HD , LG Optimus 4X HD , Google Nexus 4 , LG G2. Can i flash m2 note International rom on my m2 mini? I need language from International version and there is no such for m2 mini. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2012. Use the morelocale2 so get out I version for the mini. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2012. The following applications can be freeze without problems occur in the operation of the device:. The Following 3 Users Say Thank You to paiktaras For This Useful Post: [ View ]. anal-i-zator (29th September 2015) , avoulk (28th September 2015) , Stachura5 (4th January 2016). Join Date: Joined: Sep 2015. Please can you tell me if it is possible. I have meizu m2 mini with flyme 4.5.3 C. I want to change it to version A or I is this possible?. The link you refer firmware is of meizu charme (is this the same as meizu m2 mini?). version A what means the letter A?. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2012. I version It has not been issued yet. There are 4 types of firmwares:. Please can you tell me if it is possible. I have meizu m2 mini with flyme 4.5.3 C. I want to change it to version A or I is this possible?. The link you refer firmware is of meizu charme (is this the same as meizu m2 mini?). version A what means the letter A?. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to paiktaras For This Useful Post: [ View ]. ministerbeel (29th September 2015) , Stachura5 (4th January 2016). Join Date: Joined: Sep 2015. Thanks a lot for your answer. Can you tell me the diverence between the A version en the C?. I live in the netherlands wich would you prefer?. To update, can i save file in internal memory and run it on phone itself?. I version It has not been issued yet. There are 4 types of firmwares:. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2012. I do not know what the differences. Logically would be minimal, better to have the A I think, is generic and and all the rest in this based.... From what store bought device ?. Thanks a lot for your answer. Can you tell me the diverence between the A version en the C?. I live in the netherlands wich would you prefer?. To update, can i save file in internal memory and run it on phone itself?. The Following User Says Thank You to paiktaras For This Useful Post: [ View ]. José Antonio R.E.Y.E.S (1st April 2016). Join Date: Joined: Sep 2015. I do not know what the differences. Logically would be minimal, better to have the A I think, is generic and and all the rest in this based.... From what store bought device ?. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2015. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2015. My Devices: Asus Eee Pad Transformer TF101. I have a C version and was able to intall a real root access with Kingo and than remove the unwanted apps with a good uninstall app. Now I have almost non chineese signs, my battery lasts mutch longer and it feels more "my phone". Probaly because the phonenumber isn't bound. There is no way to fill the number field with a + and my international number. So I can't get a code to bind. Is ther somebody with the same problem?. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion by ThreadRank. Star Wars Wallpapers from the OnePlus 5T Star Wars Edition (Download). [APP] [4.1+] Bromite - Chromium plus adblocking [25 February 2018 - 64.0.3282.182]. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [All Devices] Xiaomi Firmware Updater V2 [Auto Updated Weekly!]. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [NO ROOT][UPDATED] Always On Display for any samsung device running on Android 7.0+. [APP] Pay Enabler (Android Pay on Oreo outside US/UK). Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [ROM] [ 8.1.0 ] Official madOS - Vernee Apollo Lite & X [MT6797]. Meizu M2 / M2 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu M2 mini by paiktaras. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera, Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched. Robin Sinha , 29 July 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Chinese smartphone maker Meizu, after launching its MX5 handset last month, has now introduced a successor of its M1 handset, Meizu m2. The entry-level smartphone has been launched in China at CNY 599 (roughly Rs. 6,200) in Blue, Pink, Grey, and White colour variants.. The Meizu m2 smartphone sports a polycarbonate unibody and runs the firm's proprietary Flyme UI 4.5 that's based on Android 5.1 Lollipop. It bears a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) resolution display covered by AGC Dragontrail protective glass with pixel density of 296ppi, and is powered by a 64-bit quad-core MediaTek MT6735 processor clocked at 1.3GHz, clubbed by 2GB LPDDR3 RAM and Mali T720 GPU. The handset's screen-to-body ratio is 75.6 percent.. The m2 houses a 13-megapixel rear camera with a f/2.2 aperture, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protective lens glass and LED flash, while featuring a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with f/2.0 aperture, FotoNation 2.0 smart selfie enhancement, and Face AE face light boost functionality. The handset equips Samsung-made 16GB inbuilt eMMC 5.0 flash storage, which can be further expanded via microSD card (up to 128GB). Also noted is that the device's second SIM slot also doubles as a microSD card slot.. As for the connectivity, the Meizu m2 supports 4G FDD-LTE, TD-LTE networks on both the SIM cards, GPS, A-GPS, dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Micro-USB, and Bluetooth 4.0. Measuring 68.9x8.7x140.1mm, the smartphone weighs 131 grams and is backed by a Sony-made 2500mAh battery, rated to deliver up to 23 hours of talk time on 2G, 10 hours of internet surfing on 4G and 680 hours of standby time.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good looks and build Decent performance and specs Good value for money Bad Software is too complicated Average camera performance. Read detailed Meizu m2 review. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera Launched at Rs. Meizu m2 India Launch Confirmed for Monday. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera, Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Android 5.1 Lollipop , Flyme , Meizu , Meizu m2 , Meizu m2 Price , Meizu m2 Specifications , Mobiles , Smartphones. Toshiba Cuts Executives' Pay Over $1.2 Billion Accounting Scandal. Samsung Unveils 16-Megapixel Smartphone Camera Sensor With 1.0-Micron Pixels. Meizu m2 With 13-Megapixel Camera, Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Meizu M2 - Unboxing & Hands On Impressions!. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. In this video let's unbox the new M2 from Meizu and spend some hands on time with it... FULL Review - https://youtu.be/gQC1qOzhQcQ The Meizu M2 is powered by the Mediatek MT6735 chip, that's 4 Cortex A53 cores clocked at 1.3GHz each coupled with a Mali T760 MP2 GPU and 2 GB RAM. It sports a 5" 720P IPS display with a 2500 mAh non-user replaceable battery. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Where to Buy? Snapdeal - http://bit.ly/1NsTY3r Banggood.com - http://bit.ly/1GdWCKg -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Contact Info: Twitter: @C4ETech ( https://twitter.com/c4etech ) Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/c4etech Google+: http://google.com/+c4etech Instagram: http://instagram.com/c4etech Website: http://www.c4etech.com. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M2 Gaming Review /w Benchmarks & Heating Check!. Meizu m2 vs iPhone 5s Speed Test. Meizu M2 Review: Different ...on a Budget!. Meizu M3 Note Unboxing & Overview Good Specs affordable Pricing. how to use hybrid sim tray in the right way. Meizu M2 Full Review - The Challenger. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... This incredible animation shows how deep the ocean really is. Meizu m3 note - what does a $200 smartphone get you?. Meizu Pro 6S Unboxing And First Look. Meizu M2 Flyme OS 4.5 Tips and Tricks | HowiSiT. Meizu M2 Unboxing (Indian Retail Unit) and Hands On Overview | AllAboutTechnologies. Meizu M2 Note review - unboxing, benchmark, gaming and battery performance. Meizu M2 Review - 4G quad core for ₹6,999. Top 10 USES of OTG Cable that will BLOW YOUR MIND!. OnePlus 6 Official Teaser With Specifications, Features Launching Start of 2018. Meizu m2 note how to replace touch screen lcd iMania. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of MEIZU m2 on Facebook. See more of MEIZU m2 on Facebook. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 13 February at 02:07 ·. OPPO A71 (2018) with A.I selfie camera launched in India: http://bit.ly/OPPOA71. · 6 February at 00:12 ·. Vivo V7+ Infinite Red Limited Edition launched in India: http://bit.ly/vivoV7Plus. · 25 January ·. Vivo X20 Plus UD with under glass fingerprint sensor announced: http://bit.ly/VivoX20PlusUD. · 10 January ·. Vivo showcases world’s first In-Display Fingerprint Scanning Smartphone at CES 2018: http://bit.ly/VivoIDFS. · 27 December 2017 ·. OPPO A83 revealed with 5.7-inch full-screen display and face unlock: http://bit.ly/OPPOA83. · 25 December 2017 ·. OxygenOS 5.0 update based on Android 8.0 Oreo rolling out for OnePlus 5: http://bit.ly/Op5Oreo. · 7 December 2017 ·. OPPO launches its new mid-range smartphone, F5 Youth, in India: http://bit.ly/OppoF5Youth. · 28 November 2017 ·. OPPO F5 Youth Edition launched with FullView display and 16MP front camera: http://bit.ly/opf5ye. · 27 November 2017 ·. Gionee launches 6 new FullView display smartphones as part of Winter lineup in China: http://bit.ly/GioneeS11. · 21 September 2017 ·. Meizu M6 goes official with 5.2″ display and 8MP selfie shooter: http://bit.ly/MEIZUm6. MEIZU m2 added 4 new photos .. · 13 September 2017 ·. Apple officially unveiled iPhone X(10), iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. iPhone X ― http://bit.ly/IphoneX iPhone 8 and 8 Plus ― http://bit.ly/ip8andip8plus. · 5 September 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi A1 Android One phone with dual cameras launched: Specs, Price, Availability — http://bit.ly/XiaomiMiA1. · 27 August 2017 ·. Meizu M6 Note with 5.5″ display, Dual Cameras and 4000mAh battery launched: http://bit.ly/M6Note. · 23 August 2017 ·. Meizu M6 Note with 5.5-inch display, Dual Cameras and 4000mAh battery launched: http://bit.ly/M6Note. · 12 December 2016 ·. Meizu Flyme OS 6 first look leak and changes in detail: http://bit.ly/2hkl8Sl. · 6 December 2016 ·. Meizu launches M5 Note with 5.5” 1080p display and 4000mAh battery: http://bit.ly/MeizuM5Note. · 20 November 2016 ·. Meizu and MediaTek scheduled an event on November 30; Helio X30 powered Pro 7 coming? — http://bit.ly/2fwbAQc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu m2 note. All Listings - Current page. results for meizu m2 note. Save meizu m2 note to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m2 note to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Magnetic Card Slots Wallet Flip Leather Cover Case. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. Luxury Slim Matte Electroplate Hybrid Hard Case Cover For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note. For Meizu M2 Note Meilan Note2 Note 2 Mirror Aluminum Bumper Case Cover Frame. For Meizu Meilan 2 3 Metal Note 5 2X Glass Film 3D Silicone Case Cover Dog Zebra. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Phone Case. For Meizu M6 M5 M5S M5C M3S M2 Note Magnetic Leather Wallet Case Cover Stand. Shockproof Hybrid Armor Rubber Case Stand Case Cover for Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note. Ultra-Thin Slim Clear Rubber Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover For Meizu M2/M3 Note. For MEIZU Full Coverage Shockproof Slim Case Silicone Soft Protective Cover Skin. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note MX 4 5 6 U10 20 Leather Flip Cover Dual View Window Case. iPaky Hybrid Hard Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Case Cover For Meizu M1 M2 M3 Note MX5. Luxury Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Skin Case Cover For Meizu MX5 M2 M3 Note Pro6/plus. Ultra Thin Hard Plastic Case Shockproof Back Cover Chromed For Meizu Nokia LG. Simon Thor Aluminum Meizu Meilan Note 1 2 3 M2 Note Cover Case Shockproof Bumper. C-KU® Clear Plating Soft TPU Rubber Gel Back Cover for Meizu M3 Mini M2 M3 Note. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. Ultra-thin Original PU Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Meizu M2 M3/M3S Note MX5. Flip Wallet Magnetic Card Leather Case Cover For Meizu MX5 MX6 Pro6 M2 M3 Note. 2Pcs 9H Real Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu MeiLan Phone. Luxury Slim Matte Hybrid Hard Back Case Cover For Meizu M3 M5 M6 Note M6. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note Luxury Ultra Thin Matte Electroplate Case Phone Cover. 20 x Meizu M2 Note Tempered Bulletproof Glass Heavy Duty Foil Real 9H NEW. 2x KHAOS Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M2 Note (M464U MTK6753). Soft Silicone TPU Rubber Gel Back Case Cover Skin For iPhone Samsung Galaxy SE. TinkerBell Peter Pan Fairy Disney Hard Cover Case For iPhone Galaxy Huawie New. Ultra Thin Transparent Clear Crystal TPU Case Cover For Meizu M6 Note Pro7 M5C. Luxury Ultra-thin Leather Plating Bumper Back Case Skin Cover For Meizu (Meilan). TinkerBell Peter Pan Fairy Disney Cartoon Anime Hard Cover Case For iPhone New. For Meizu Anti Fingerprint Slim Patterned Rubber Silicone Back TPU Case Cover. THIN PLATED SOFT BACK CASE COVER FOR MEIZU M2 M3 M5 NOTE MAX MX4 MX5 MX6 PRO U20. TinkerBell Peter Pan Fairy Wendy Christmas Disney Hard Cover Case For iPhone New. For Meizu M2 note Meilan Note 2 Hard Case Cover Owl Superman Cat Elephant Mask. Marvel Logo Legends Comics Hard Cover Case For iPhone Galaxy Huawei Lenovo New. Tempered Glass + Ultra Thin Clear TPU Soft back Protective Case Cover For Meizu. Logo Marvel Comic Spider Man Hard Cover Case For iPhone Galaxy Huawei Lenovo New. Luxury Aluminum Metal Mirror Case hard Back Cover Skin For Meizu Various Phone. LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Front Glass Assembly Replacement for Meizu M2 Note. For 5.0" Meizu M2 mini LCD Display + Digitizer Touch Screen Assembly Replacement. The Little Prince Antoine de Saint Exupery Elephant Hard Cover Case For iPhone. TinkerBell Peter Pan Moon Star Neverland Disney Hard Cover Case For iPhone New. Death Note Ryuk Black Shodow Anime Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei Galaxy New. New BTS Bangtan Boys Band Kpop Music Concert Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei. New BTS Bangtan Boys Band Kpop DNA Concert Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei. New Lionel Messi Soccer Football 10 Shirt Gift Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei. New Gudetama Lazy Egg Avocado Cute Gift Sanrio Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei. New Cristiano Ronaldo Trophy Football Soccer Hard Cover Case For iPhone Huawei. Meizu M5 M3 Note M5s MX6 Pro 6 Bling Dynamic liquid Glitter Quicksand TPU case. Simon Thor Aluminum Meizu Meilan Note 1 2 3 M2 Note Cover Case Shockproof Bumper. Handmade Cute Bling Glitter Crystal Flowers Diamond Case Cover+Lanyard For Meizu. 3D Cute Cartoon Cherry Cupcakes Ice Cream Shaped Silicone Case Bumper For Mobile. The Little Prince Antoine de Saint Exupery Rose Book Hard Cover Case For iPhone. Luxury Aluminum Metal Frame Mirror Back Case Cover For Meizu M1 Note/M2 Note. For 5.5" Meizu M2 Note /Meiblue Note2 Leather Card Slot Stand Cover Case Wallet. For Meizu 3D Pattern Soft TPU Rubber Back Protective Silicon Skin Case Cover. Shawn Mendes Magcon Concert Hard Cover Case For iPhone Galaxy Huawei Lenovo New. Hello Kitty Cute Pink Sanrio Hard Cover Case For iPhone Galaxy Huawei Lenovo New. for Meizu M2 Note 4G LTE 2015 Black * Touch Screen Digitizer Repair Part ZVLT327. FREE SHIP for Meizu M2 Note 5.5" LTE Original Black LCD Digitizer +Tools ZVLT327. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Наш сайт: http://mobile-review.com/ Наш твиттер: https://twitter.com/mobilreview Наш ВК: http://vk.com/mobilereviewcom Наш FB: https://www.facebook.com/mobilereviewcom Music music by audionautix.com http://www.audionautix.com/Saved/CCre... Лицензия на используемую музыку Creative Commons License 3.0. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Честно о Meizu M2 Note и Meizu M2 mini. Обзор на MEIZU M2 Mini, опыт использования спустя год. Xiaomi Redmi 3 vs Meizu M2 mini ЧТО ЖЕ ЛУЧШЕ?. Опыт использования Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus в течение года. Опыт использования компромисного телефона MEIZU M2 mini.. Сранение Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge и Apple iPhone 6S Plus. ТОП 5 САМЫХ ЛУЧШИХ СМАРТФОНОВ ИЗ КИТАЯ 2016-2017. Обзор Meizu M2 mini: удобный смартфон с хорошими камерами, скоростью и батареей (review). ЛУЧШИЕ СМАРТФОНЫ НАЧАЛА 2018 ГОДА! ЧТО КУПИТЬ ЗА 100$, 200$, 300$ и 400-500$. Лучший Смартфон на 2017 год, Рейтинг ТОП 7. Meizu M2 Note vs Meizu M2 Mini Рассуждение - Сравнение. Обзор 17 дюймового планшета, домашнего ТВ - Alcatel Xess. Что лучше: смартфоны Huawei или Xiaomi ? Какая компания действительно достойна внимания.. О Т В Ё Р Т К А : канал домашнего мастера. УДИВИТЕЛЬНЫЕ технологии - гаджеты для нашего удобства. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.3 GHz Processor 2 GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt 2500 mAh Battery 5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 13 MP Rear + 5 MP Front Camera Memory Card (Hybrid), upto 128 GB Android, v5.1. 5 Inch HD Display Good camera hardware 4G LTE MicroSD support Decent chipset. Meizu M2 Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy Meizu M2 Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. Meizu M2 Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim (Hybrid) Android, v5.1 Slim 2500 mAH Non-Rem. Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 13 MP AutoFocus Flash 5 MP Front Camera Technical: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 2 GB RAM 16 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card (Hybrid), upto 128 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi Bluetooth GPS Extra: 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus (3GB RAM). InFocus Turbo 5 (3GB RAM + 32GB). Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Slimmer mobile phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. High resolution camera for taking sharp and clear photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. With long battery standby time, phone battery can last more days without charging in idle condition. With long battery talk time, you can talk on the phone continuously without charging.. You can't use dual SIM and memory card at the same time, you have to choose one. If you insert a memory card, you can only use a single SIM. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). You can't connect your phone to a TV. You Can't Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Cannot switch off phone by removing battery when your phone freezes. Also cannot replace the battery or use spare battery when battery performance is degraded.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM (Hybrid Slot) Dual Sim: Yes Sim Size: Nano SIM Device Type: Smartphone Release Date: September, 2015 Design Dimensions: 140 x 68.9 x 8.69 mm Weight: 131 g Display Type: Color IPS screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 294 PPI Memory RAM: 2 GB Internal: 16 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes (Hybrid Slot), upto 128 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer, Compass 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 13 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Features: Face detection, Geo tagging, Touch to focus Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 5 MP Technical OS: Android, v5.1 (Lollipop) CPU: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor GPU: Mali-T720 MP2 Battery Type: Non-Removable Battery Size: 2500 mAh, Li-Po Battery Standby time: 28.3 days Talk time: 23 hours. Meizu M2 Review, Features and Specifications. A cursory glance at Meizu M2 spec-sheet will tell you that the handset punches well above its weight at an alluring budget price. The Meizu M2 Lowest price in India is 6,999 INR, which seems quite reasonable in exchange for 13MP shooter, 64 Bit quad core chip and a 5 Inch HD Display. The handset appears a bit chunky at 8.9 mm, but feels comfortable to hold in hand. The 5 Inch HD display will ensure rich details and is handled by 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 64-bit processor with Mali-T720 GPU, 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory. This is a hybrid dual SIM device, which implies you will have to choose between an extra SIM card or MicroSD card slot. Software is Android 5.1 (Lollipop) with FlyMe OS 4.5. Camera hardware is where things get interesting. Meizu lists a 13MP rear camera with LED Flash, f/2.2 aperture, 5p lens, Gorilla Glass 3 protective lens glass, along with a 5MP front camera with f2.0 aperture and 4p lens. This should allow above average camera performance from both primary and secondary shooter. Other notable features include 4G LTE, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS / GLONASS and a 2500mAh battery. The only downside is nascent after sales support network in India. You can register and buy Meizu M2 online on Snapdeal. At the time of writing, Meizu M2 Snapdeal price is 6,999 INR, but Meizu might just offer a festival season deal very soon.. 5 Inch HD Display Good camera hardware 4G LTE MicroSD support Decent chipset. Mader chod service centre wale bahan k chodo mobile kharab karke Rakh diya Bhai koi Meizu ka phone mat lena eske service centre wale harami h. I completed 1.2 year useing this phone till now,no problem with performance i played game like rr3 ,gear club which is best game ever and many more games are going smooth and little heat up.. In day light both cameras capture well photos No heating issue All well Give rate 9 out of 10. Service centres Rear camera in low light not good Hybrid sim slot. I have been using this phone since 2015. Touch Response Superb Feel like Apple 2. Camera Both Camera Is Good Front camera is superb and rear camera so good if take any closer shot then it make u feel like DSLR image 5. UI is Extremely Awesome U never feel like this Before 6. Sound Experience Is Good Loudspeaker Clear 7. 4G Speed Is Superb you can see speed upto 8Mbps on status bar 8 Battery Performance Is So Good if u charged it 100% in the morning then it cannot be 0% Before 6 PM on Nonstop Use 9 System Is Rootable And Unlockable Bootloader just sign in Flyme Account 10 Ram Management Is Superbly Work Ram Keep Them Stay Phone App Last Longer. 1 After Sale Is Bad Service Center If Any problem become They Will tell u other try to make u pay there 2 Hybrid Sim. Nice phone best in this range.. It is a good phone with large screen and nice camera.A must buy. -Hybrid sim (u can't insert both sim with SD card). -phone sounds first 15 days good but after 15days or months sound Automatically low. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) (16 GB). Meizu Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs Meizu M2 vs Xiaomi Redmi 5A vs Meizu M2 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A vs Meizu M2 vs Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) (16 GB) vs Meizu M2 vs Meizu M3 Note vs Meizu M2 vs Gionee Elife E8. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Trending Lenovo ThinkPad T460s Disassembly and SSD, RAM upgrade options Colorful iGame GTX 1050 Ti Teardown Alienware Aurora R5 Disassembly HP Omen 15-ax000 Disassembly LeEco Le Pro 3 Teardown Xiaomi Mi 5s Teardown Apple iPhone 7 Teardown Meizu M3 Note Teardown Lenovo ZUK Z2 Teardown ZTE Nubia Z11 Teardown. Home Laptop Phone iPhone iPad Tablet Teardown More Teardown Store Repair Guide. Home / Meizu Mobile Phone / Meizu M2 / Meizu M2 Teardown. Meizu M2 Meizu Mobile Phone Meizu M2 Teardown. David February 2, 2018. 8 Less than a minute. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Share via Email Print. In this guide, I’ll explain how to disassemble Meizu M2 to remove the back cover, speaker, camera, battery and motherboard. Refer to this guide, you can repair your Meizu M2.. Follow us on Facebook for the latest updates from the MyFixGuide.com.. Remove two screws next to the micro-USB port.. Now pry up and remove the back cover.. Remove all screws securing the middle frame and speaker module.. Remove middle frame and speaker module.. Disconnect the battery connector from the motherboard.. Remove all screws securing the motherboard.. Remove all the metal shields from motherboard.. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Share via Email Print. November 12, 2015 at 5:51 am. my camera is not opening in may m2 brand to new mobile how to fix it please give me a solution. November 12, 2015 at 11:20 pm. please contact meizu to handle this question. January 12, 2016 at 10:22 pm. May 17, 2017 at 12:43 pm. It is not Torx , it is a Pentalobe 0.8 similar to the iphone 4,5 screws. July 14, 2016 at 11:15 pm. Torx must be little than 4 i try with the 4 and is big need to replace the screen. Please leave reply about torx measures. September 15, 2016 at 7:47 pm. earphone jack is not working how to fix…. April 27, 2017 at 5:36 pm. hi plz how to change home button thx. July 16, 2017 at 11:00 am. i think there is a mike issue. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.. Check Also Close. Lenovo ThinkPad T460s Disassembly and SSD, RAM upgrade options. Colorful iGame GTX 1050 Ti Teardown. Best Android phones under $400 Best Android Phones under $300 Best Android Phones under $200. Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Telegram. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Custom ROMs for Meizu on Facebook. See more of Custom ROMs for Meizu on Facebook. Contact Custom ROMs for Meizu on Messenger. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 24 September 2016 ·. [BETA] CM-12.1 for Meizu M2 Note. [BETA] CM-12.1 for Meizu M2 Note [5.1.1]. -content/themes/cyanogenmod/images/logo-cid.png CyanogenMod is a free, community built, aftermarket firmware distribution of Android 5.1(LP), which is des…. · 3 September 2016 ·. [Guide]How To Add ViPERAtmos 4.8 In Meizu m2/mini Flyme 5.1.6.0G. [Guide]How To Add ViPERAtmos 4.8 In Meizu m2/mini Flyme 5.1.6.0G. [Guide]How To Add ViPERAtmos 4.8 In Meizu m2/mini Flyme 5.1.6.0G. · 16 July 2016 ·. Porting progress of CM13 for MX4 by Xen0n! Really good job.. [ROM] CyanogenMod 13.0 for Meizu MX4 by_xen0n porting progress. If you want to follow the progress click. · 16 July 2016 ·. 6.0.1 MEIZU PRO5 ResurrectionRemix, what a lovely news!. [ROM][6.0.1][MEIZU PRO5][M86] ResurrectionRemix v5.7.0 UNOFFICIAL [WIP]. ResurrectionRemix-M-v5.7.0 Disclaimer Status & Progress 15.07.16 First public buld. What is inside? All the features I've made for CM12/AICP - fingerprint…. · 5 July 2016 ·. Meizu Pro 7: First images leaked - Gizmochina. The first leaked images of Meizu Pro 7 made their way online on a microblogging site. The design looks heavily inspired by Samsung Galaxy S7. · 5 July 2016 ·. Switched to stock AudioFlinger so Viper4Android should work now. Consider this as a experimental build. 14.06.16 BT file transfer crash fix. PS: To make recent tasks gesture work - enable "three swipe for screenshot gesture" too. [ROM][CM12.1][MEIZU PRO5][M86] CyanogenMod12.1 AICP UNOFFICIAL [WIP]. [ROM][CM12.1][MEIZU PRO5][M86] CyanogenMod12.1 AICP UNOFFICIAL [WIP]. · 21 June 2016 ·. Finally on the same version as the chinese rom [CHANGELOG] [System] Added the function of sliding up the floating call notification to mute the call; Opt…. · 21 June 2016 ·. https://drive.google.com/…/0B-ik7o_bjNIrZ2ZId2QzbHFPQ…/view… (eng) New update of Flyme tools 5 Version:2.6.6.2152. https://drive.google.com/…/0B-ik7o_bjNIrVUZTem9YR0VOc…/view… (Hebrew) From Michael as before :). · 9 June 2016 ·. AOSP (STOCK Android 5.0.2):p Video Screenshots -1.jpg Share Folder (Gdrive) Actual build:aosp_mx5_unofficial_31052016. · 9 June 2016 ·. Update for flyme tools 5 Version 2.6.6.2148(translated to Hebrew, English is there too, updated by Michael Rozental - credits belong to him :). · 19 May 2016 ·. Meizu Pro 6 Edge due in the 2nd half of the year. Meizu are to join Samsung, Vivo and Blackberry with a curved display phone of their very own due in the 2nd half of this year.. · 4 May 2016 ·. Well, Meizu Pro 6 or Oneplus 3?. OnePlus 3 Detailed Specs & Price Leaked: SD820, 16MP Rear Camera & More - Gizmochina. Given that most manufacturers have already announced their flagship phones for 2016, our attention is now towards the Chinese manufacturer OnePlus who is reportedly preparing the launch of its new.... · 20 April 2016 ·. CM12.1 for MEIZU PRO5 ... [ROM][CM12.1][MEIZU PRO5][M86] CyanogenMod12.1 TEMASEK UNOFFICIAL [WIP]. CyanogenMod 12.1 (with TEMASEK customizations) for Meizu PRO5. Disclaimer Status & Progress Work in progess.. 17.04.16 Major News! Have ported FPC fingerp…. · 16 April 2016 ·. Im not sure if I was able to root my meizu m2 note but since the flyme lockscreen would not let me in because I'd forgotten the pattern, I would like to flash a stock or custom rom using sp flashtool. Also, I don't know if my usb debugging is activated. I would like to clear all and the battery has been disconnected already. · 13 April 2016 ·. Deca-core Meizu Pro 6 launched with 3D Touch display. Deca-core Meizu Pro 6 launched with 3D Touch display. Deca-core Meizu Pro 6 launched with 3D Touch display. · 12 April 2016 ·. [MINI-MOD] Flyme Tools 5 [EN] 2.5.7.2107. [MINI-MOD] Flyme Tools 5 [EN] 2.5.7.2107 ROMs y desarrollo Meizu Pro 5. · 11 April 2016 ·. [ROM] CyanogenMod 13.0 for Meizu MX4 by_xen0n porting progress. If you want to follow the progress click. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books, Comics & Magazines Business, Office & Industrial Cameras & Photography Cars, Motorcycles & Vehicles Clothes, Shoes & Accessories Coins Collectables Computers/Tablets & Networking Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs, Films & TV Events Tickets Garden & Patio Health & Beauty Holidays & Travel Home, Furniture & DIY Jewellery & Watches Mobile Phones & Communication Music Musical Instruments Pet Supplies Pottery, Porcelain & Glass Property Sound & Vision Sporting Goods Sports Memorabilia Stamps Toys & Games Vehicle Parts & Accessories Video Games & Consoles Wholesale & Job Lots Everything Else. Hello ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collect & Spend Learn more. All listings - Current page. Quickly compare products with our new grouped view. Save meizu m2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m2 to stop getting updates on your eBay feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. United Kingdom - UK Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M1/M2/M3 Note/M3s Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film HO. Anti-Fingerpri nt Tempered Glass Screen Protect Film For Meizu M1 Note M2 M3 mini. 1m/2m/3m HIGH SPEED Magnetic LED USB-C Fast Charger Type C Transfer Cable Wire. Luxury Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet PU Leather Case For Meizu Mobile Phones. 1M/2M/3M Braided Super Magnetic Charging & Data Transfer Cable W/USB-C Adapter. For 5.5" Meizu M2 Note /Meiblue Note2 Leather Card Slot Stand Cover Case Wallet. 2pcs For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note Genuine 9H Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector. MEIZU M 2 OF 5 "+ COVER" COVER LEATHER SYNTHETIC CASE PROTECTIVE. Universal Tempered Screen Protector Film Pasting Installation Tool For ≤6" Phone. MEIZU M2 MINI 5" COVER COVER LEATHER SYNTHETIC CASE PROTECTIVE. MEIZU M2 MINI CASE COVER SOFT TPU SIMILAR SILICONE TPU SOFT BACK CASE COVER. For Meizu M1 M2 Note M3 mini Tempered Glass Screen Protect Film Explosion-proo f. New Clear Meizu M2 Mini/M3 Mini/Metal Transparent Case Plastic Cover Back Shell. For Meizu M2 Housing Replacement Battery Case Cover Camera Lens Antenna. Gradient Cover for Meizu M2/M3S/M2 Note /M3 Note/MX6 Case For Meizu M5/M5 Note/U. For Meizu M1 M2 Note M3 mini Tempered Glass Screen Protect Film Explosion-proo f. For Meizu M1 / M2 / M3 Note/ M3s HD Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film 1PCS PB. For Meizu m2 Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. Case for Meizu M2 Note 2/M3 Note 3 Transparent Rigid Plastic Cover Back Shell. 2X For Meizu M3S/Max/Note/P ro 5 Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film HO. For Meizu m2 - Clamp Style PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu m2 note - Black Carbon Fibre Clamp PU Leather Flip Case. For Meizu m2 note - Printed Design PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. DURAGADGET Sports Waist Pouch in Black Compatible with the Meizu M3S Smartphone. Black Travel Water-Proof Pouch Case for Meizu M2 Smartphone With Neck Strap. For Meizu 3 M2 M3 M5 Note Shockproof Heavy Duty Armor Case Hard Stand Cover Skin. For Meizu m2 - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. Cover Silicone Meizu M2 Mini 5 Inches Soft Thick Tpu Pink Fashion. For Meizu m2 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. For Meizu m2 - Fabric Mix Clip Function Wallet Case Cover. PU Leahter View Window Flip Cover Case Stand For Meizu M2 M3 M3s M5s Mini Note E. For Meizu m2 - Printed Clip On PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Meizu m2 - Fabric Mix Clip Wallet Case & Earphone. 5.5"Meizu m2 note Meilan Note M2 M571 Touch Digitizer+Lcd Display Assembly+Frame. For Meizu m2 note - Various Carbon Fibre Clip Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu m2 - Clamp Style PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Meizu m2 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Meizu m2 note Case Heavy Duty kickstand Hybrid Shockproof Armor Cover Skin. DURAGADGET Blue Memory Foam Smartphone Protective Case for the Meizu M3S. Luxury Genuine Leather Pull Tab Flip Pouch Sleeve Phone Case Cover for Meizu. For MEIZU M1 Note M2note M3 Note MX6 Ultra Thin Clear Gel Skin Case Back Cover. Ultra Thin Plating Bumper Shockproof TPU Back Case For MEIZU Meilan E / M2 Note. For Meizu m2 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Meizu m2 note - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. Housing Replacement Battery Case Cover For Meizu M2 Camera Lens Antenna. Gradient Cover for Meizu M2/M3S/M2 Note /M3 Note/MX6 Case For Meizu M5/M5 Note/U. For Meizu m2 - Printed Clip On PU Leather Flip Case Cover & Pen. Cases Ultraslim Silicone Meizu M2 Note / Blue Charm Note2 TPU Super Slim. For Meizu M3S/Max/Note/P ro 5 HD Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film 2PCS PB1. NEW For Meizu Meilan Note M2 Note 2 M571 NEW LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. For Meizu m2 - Carbon Fibre Pull Tab Case & Handsfree. Protective Cover For Meizu M2 Note / Blue Charm Note2 Stylus Phone Flip Case. TEMPERED GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR + BACK SOFT GEL CLEAR CASE FOR MEIZU M2. For MEIZU M2mini M2note M3note Meilan3 Soft TPU Matte Gel skin Case Back Cover. For Meizu m2 - Carbon Fibre Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. For - Meizu m2 - Black PU Leather Pull Tab Case Cover Pouch. Matte Charcoal Grey Slip Case / Cover with Belt Loops for Meizu M2 Smartphone. DURAGADGET Black Memory Foam Smartphone Protective Case for the Meizu M3S. See more like this Cover Silicone Meizu M2 Mini 5 Inches Soft Thick Tpu Pink Fashion. See more like this NEW For Meizu Meilan Note M2 Note 2 M571 NEW LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days.. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days. New refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, while Used refers to an item that has been used previously.. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. Mobile Phones, Smart Watches, Accessories & Communication. £ Enter minimum price to £ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international postage options and costs.. 
Sourcing Solutions Services. Membership Help. One Request, Multiple Quotes Get the App. Related Searches for meizu m2: meizu mx4 meizu mx2 meizu mx meizu power bank meizu mx3 phone case for meizu mx1 meizu battery meizu x3 meizu m1 meizu m9 meizu mobile phone for meizu lithium battery charger earphone for meizu meizu 4g More.... Home > meizu > meizu m2 > 709 Results. Sort By : Relevancy Transaction Level Response Rate. Response Rate: 94.3%. Tags: Case Cover For Hp Slate 7 | Case Cover For Meizu M2 Note | Back Cover Lenovo A2010 | View larger image. PC hard phone back case cover for hp slate 7 meizu m2 note lenovo a2010 google pixel. US $1.78-2.88 / Piece. Response Rate: 80.8%. Tags: Combo Case | Armor Case | Shockproof Case For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. Good quality combo Shockproof armor mobile phone case for Meizu M2 NOTE back cover. US $0.65-0.9 / Piece. Tags: Mobile Phone Cover For Meizu M2 | Mobile Phone Case For Meizu M2 | Cell Phone Holster For Meizu M2 | View larger image. Luxury Flip PU Leather Wallet Mobile phone Cover Case For Meizu M2 with Card Holder. US $1.6-1.8 / Pieces. Dongguan Yueqi Plastic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 0.6%. Tags: Mobile Phone Parts | Full Lcd Complete | Lcd Assembly For Meizu M2 M578 | View larger image. Replacement Original Mobile Phone Parts Full LCD Complete LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M2 M578. US $5-65 / Piece. Guangzhou Pan Chen Trading Co., Ltd.. Tags: For Macbook Pro 13 Retina Case | For Ipone Case | For Ipad Air2 Case | View larger image. camouflage case for meizu m2 for ipone for ipad air2 for macbook pro 13 retina case. US $9.5-12.8 / Piece. Response Rate: 62.1%. Tags: Case For Phone Case | Wallet Leather Case For Meizu M2 | For Meizu M2 Leather Stand Case | View larger image. Mobile phone accessories New Arrival Luxury Stand Flip Leather Case for MEIZU M2. US $1.8-2.66 / Piece. Tags: Shockproof | Phone Housing | For Meizu M2 M2mini | View larger image. Shockproof Leather Phone Housing For Meizu M2 M2mini. US $0.5-3.5 / Piece. Shenzhen Better One Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 52.9%. Tags: Pu Case For Meizu M2 | Phone Case | Leather Case | View larger image. Popular Premium Wallet Leather Case for Meizu M2. US $7.23-8 / Piece. Response Rate: 55.4%. Tags: Quick Sand Hard Case For Meizu M2 | Quick Sand Mobile Phone Hard Case For Meizu M2 | Wholesales Mobile Phone Hard Case For Meizu M2 | View larger image. Hot New Products quick sand mobile phone case for Meizu M2 , Cowboy quick sand shell for Meizu M2. US $0.25-0.95 / Piece. Response Rate: 0.6%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Touch Screen | For Meizu M2 Note Touchscreen | Screen For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. For 5.5 inch Meizu M2 Note Touch Screen Panel Outer Glass Digitizer Replacement. US $2-9.99 / Piece. Response Rate: 64.8%. Tags: Case For Meizu M2 | Back Cover For Meizu M2 | Dull Polish Hard Pc Case For Meizu M2 | View larger image. 2015 new arrival high quality dull polish hard PC case for meizu M2 ,back cover for meizu M2. US $0.45-0.89 / Piece. Response Rate: 47.6%. Tags: Lcd Digitizer For Meizu M2 | For Meizu M2 Lcd Screen | Lcd For Meizu M2 | View larger image. Replacement LCD Display Screen Panel Digitizer for Meizu M2. Tags: Customized Sublimation 3d Phone Case For Meizu M2 | Colorful Sublimaiton Coating Moblie Cover For Meizu M2 | Guangzhou Changni Sublimation Artware Case For Meizu M2 | View larger image. 2017 Newest model of 3d Sublimation case for MeiZu M2. US $0.28-0.45 / Piece. Guangzhou Changni Sublimation Artware Co., Ltd.. Tags: For Meizu M2 Lcd Digitizer Assembly | For Meizu M2 Lcd Touch Screen | For Meizu M2 | View larger image. For M2 mobile phone LCD touch screen display mobile phone accessories mobile phone digitizer assembly for Meizu M2. US $25-45 / Piece. Response Rate: 64.6%. Tags: Luphie Highly Oxidized Aluminum Cover | Heavy Type Frame Case | Frame Case For Meizu M2 | View larger image. luphie highly oxidized aluminum cover heavy type frame case for Meizu M2. US $2.63-7.32 / Piece. Response Rate: 36.4%. Tags: Case Cover For Meizu M2 | Case For Meizu M2 Mini | Mofi Case | View larger image. MOFi Case Cover for Meizu M2 , YunOS, Flip Leather Cover for Meizu M2 Mini case. US $2.18-2.2 / Pieces. Fuzhou Minhou Yipin Electronic Accessories Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 43.2%. Tags: Case For Meizu M2 Note | For Meizu M2 Note Case | For Meizu M2 Note Cases | View larger image. For Meizu M2 Note Case 5.5 inch Case Cover,hot Painting White black Vintage Paisley Flower Hard pC Case For Meizu M2 Note Sheer. US $0.4-0.8 / Pieces. Response Rate: 58.2%. Tags: Tempered Glass Screen Protector | Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Iphone 6 | View larger image. tempered glass screen protector for meizu m2 note tempered glass screen protector for iphone 6/6s. US $0-1.99 / Piece. Shenzhen KVQ Leather Case Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 76.0%. Tags: Leather Case For Meizu M2 | Phone Accessory For Meizu | View larger image. Hot-selling Flip leather case for meizu m2 ,Phone accessory for meizu. US $1.1-1.3 / Piece. Response Rate: 10.0%. Tags: For Meizu M3 Note Case | For Meizu M5 Tpu Case | View larger image. High-grade Personalized Silicon TPU Case Cover for Meizu M2 for Note M3 Note M5 Case. US $0.3-0.4 / Pieces. Guangzhou Panyu District Dashi Jiashi Mold Factory. Response Rate: 92.5%. Tags: Flip Case Cover For Meizu Mx5 | For Meizu M3s Cover | Back Case Cover For Meizu M3 Note | View larger image. Nillkin Flip Leather Skin Bumper Back Cover Case For Meizu Pro 6 5 Plus Mx5 Mx4 Pro M5S M5 M3S M3 M2 M1 E X Note Metal. US $4.16-4.56 / Piece. Response Rate: 90.2%. Tags: Lcd Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M2 Note | For Meizu M2 Note Display | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Touch Screen | View larger image. 6 Months Warranty Hot Selling LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly for Meizu M2 Note. US $10.01-10.77 / Piece. Response Rate: 90.6%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note M571h Lcd Display | For Meizu M2 Note M571hlcd Assembly | Lcd Assembly For Meizu M2 Note M571h | View larger image. Replacement Lcd and DIGITIZER assembly For Meizu M2 Note M571H. US $1-14.99 / Piece. Shenzhen Mintech Weiye Tech Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 89.1%. Tags: High Quality New For Meizu Lcd Display + Digitizer Touch Screen Assembly For Meizu M2 Note Phone 5.5 Inch 1920*1080 Black Color | Lcd Screen Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M2 Note | Mobile Phone Accessories | View larger image. New LCD Display + Digitizer Touch Screen assembly For Meizu M2 Note Phone 5.5 inch Black Color. Response Rate: 72.4%. Tags: Lcd For Meizu M2 Note 2 | For Meizu M2 Note 2 Lcd Touch Screen | Replacement Lcd For Meizu Note 2 | View larger image. Low Price LCD For Meizu M2 Note 2 LCD Touch Screen With Digitizer Display Assembly Replacement. US $13-16 / Piece. Response Rate: 100%. Tags: Ring Holder Case | Case For Meizu Mx5 | Case Ring For Iphone | View larger image. DIY Personalised Customized Diamond Case Ring Holder For Meizu MX M3S M2 Note Iphone. US $0.64-0.88 / Piece. Response Rate: 60.6%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Mini Lcd | Lcd Assembly For Meizu M2 Mini | Internal Parts For Meizu M2 Mini Lcd | View larger image. Factory Supply Lcd complete Assembly Top qualityLCD with touch screen Digitizer For Meizu M2 mini. US $6-14 / Piece. Response Rate: 70.6%. Tags: Leather Case For Meizu M2 Note | Leather Bag | Wallet Case For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. PU Wallet Leather Case Cover for Meizu M2 Note, on line shopping india. Response Rate: 51.1%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Lcd | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Screen | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Display | View larger image. wholesale Factory Price Mobile Phone Touch Digitizer Complete with frame For Meizu M2 Note LCD Screen. US $13.08-14 / Piece. Guangzhou Ming Mao Electronic Technology Co., Limited. Response Rate: 85.0%. Tags: For Meizu M3s Case | Case For Meizu M3s | For Meizu Pro 7 Case | View larger image. Original Nillkin Brand Matte Hard PC Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 M3S M5 M5S Note Mx5 Mx6 A5 Metal E X E2 Pro 5 6 7 Plus Cover. US $2.9-3 / Piece. Response Rate: 70.5%. Tags: Lcd Screen For Meizu M2 Note | Lcd For Meizu M2 Note Meilan | Lcd Screen With Digitizer Touch For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. Original LCD Screen With Digitizer Touch For Meizu M2 Note (Meilan), 100% Tested Before Shipping. US $12.3-15 / Piece. Tags: Lcd Screen Display For Meizu M2 Note 2 | Meizu M2 Note 2 Lcd Display + Touch Screen | Touch Screen For Meizu M2 Note 2 | View larger image. DISPLAY LCD TOUCH SCREEN VETRO VETRINO MEIZU M2 NOTE 2. Response Rate: 56.6%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Screen | Screen For Meizu M2 | Parts For Meizu M2 | View larger image. Original Replacement Parts For Meizu m2 Screen. Response Rate: 97.4%. Tags: Small Moq Case Cover For Meizu M2 Note | Small Moq Cover Case For Meizu M2 Note | Aluminum Slim Case For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. Small MOQ 10pcs Luxury Aluminum Metal Brushed Hard Slim Motomo Case Cover For meizu M2 NOTE. US $0.4-0.7 / Piece. Tags: Case For Cell Phone | Case For Mobile Phone | View larger image. Transparent Clear Soft Silicon TPU Protector Case Cover For Meizu M5 M3 M2 Note MX6 5 Pro 6 5 for MEIZU meilan M3s u20 u10. US $0.4-0.6 / Piece. Response Rate: 85.9%. Tags: Window Flip Cover | Phone Cases | View larger image. Leather Case for Meizu M5 Note 6 M2 M3 M3s View Window Flip Cover For Meizu U20 U10 MX5 MX6 Pro 6 / 5 Metal Max phone Cases & Ba. US $0.9-1.39 / Piece. Response Rate: 45.1%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Lcd | For Meizu M2 Display | View larger image. Mobile Phone LCD with Touch Screen for Meizu M2 LCD Assembly black. US $14-20 / Piece. Guangzhou Youyue Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 92.5%. Tags: For Meizu Mx4 Pro Case | For Meizu M3 Case | View larger image. genuine leather flip wallet cell/mobile/smart phone case cover for Meizu m3 note mini mx5 4 pro 6 5 4 3 2 1. US $1.85-2.8 / Piece. Guangzhou Langyue Plastic Products Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 23.5%. Tags: Glass Touch Screen | View larger image. Big Discount Good Quality LCD For Meizu M2 Note LCD Touch Screen. US $12.3-13.3 / Pieces. Response Rate: 47.7%. Tags: Lcd Touch Screen Digitizer For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2 | For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2lccd Touch Screen | For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2 Display | View larger image. brand new lcd touch screen digitizer For Meizu M2 Meilan note 2 original 31 month warranty display. US $35.5-50.5 / Piece. Response Rate: 51.1%. Tags: Meizu M2 Mini Case | View larger image. Meizu M2 Mini Case Cover 0.6mm Ultrathin Transparent TPU Soft Cover Protective Case For Meizu M2 Mini. US $0.18-0.23 / Piece. Response Rate: 73.0%. Tags: Bumper Case For Meizu M2 Note | Case For Meizu M2 | View larger image. luxury flower metal mirror tpu back bumper case cover for meizu m2 note. US $0.25-0.8 / Piece. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 ... Alibaba.com offers 709 meizu m2 products. such as free samples, paid samples. There are 719 meizu m2 suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying countries are China (Mainland), Hong Kong, and Spain, which supply 98%, 1%, and 1% of meizu m2. products are most popular in Western Europe, North America, and Eastern Europe. You can ensure product safety by selecting from certified suppliers, including 66 with ISO9001, 44 with Other, and 13 with ISO14001 certification.. Haven't found the right supplier yet ? Let matching verified suppliers find you. Do you want to show meizu m2 or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!. Minimum Order: OK. Onsite Checked (Advanced) A&V Checked (Basic). US$1 Million - US$2.5 Million (193). US$50 Million - US$100 Million (134). US$5 Million - US$10 Million (122). US$10 Million - US$50 Million (95). US$2.5 Million - US$5 Million (61). China meizu wholesale China meizu m1 China meizu m2 16gb. Factory Supply Lcd complete Assembly Top qualityLCD with touch screen Digitizer For Meizu M2 mini. Download: Available on the App Store Available on Android. Follow Us: Facebook Twitter Youtube In. Alibaba.com Site: International - Español - Português - Deutsch - Français - Italiano - हिंदी - Pусский - 한국어 - 日本語 - اللغة العربية - ภาษาไทย - Türk - Nederlands - tiếng Việt - Indonesian - עברית. Alibaba Group | Taobao Marketplace | Tmall.com | Juhuasuan | AliExpress | Alibaba.com | 1688.com | Alimama | Fliggy | Taobao Global Alibaba Cloud | AliOS | AliTelecom | Autonavi | UCWeb | Umeng | Xiami | DingTalk | Alipay | Lazada. Browse Alphabetically: Onetouch | Showroom | Country Search | Suppliers | Wholesaler | Affiliate. Product Listing Policy - Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu M2 Note 16gb Meizu M3 Note 4g Meizu M5 Note 4g Meizu 4g Lte. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. MEIZU M2 Note 4G LTE Phablet. Android 5.0 Lollipop / 5.5 inch FHD IPS Screen / MTK6753 64bit Octa Core / 2GB RAM 16GB ROM / 5.0MP +13.0MP Camera. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB RAM 4G Phablet. MEIZU M2 Note 4G LTE Phablet. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tips: We suggest that customers not update the system in case of losing the languages. Main Features: MEIZU M2 Note Android 5.0 Lollipop 4G Phablet 5.5 inch IPS Screen MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 13.0MP Rear Camera Display: 5.5 inch FHD Screen CPU: MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 1.3GHz System: Android 5.0 RAM + ROM: 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM Camera: 5.0MP front camera + 13.0MP back camera Bluetooth: 4.0 GPS: GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS Sensors: Hall Effect sensor, Gravity sensor, IR proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, Digital compass SIM Card: Dual SIM dual standby, dual Nano SIM Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz Note: 1. Both SIM1 and SIM2 support 4G networks. You can choose the data service mode in the settings, one SIM will be 4G while the other SIM can only use GSM networks. SIM1 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Languages: Simplified/Traditional Chinese, English, Cestina, Deutsch, Eesti, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Polski, Romana, Slovenscina, Greek, Russian, Hebrew. SIM Card Slot: Dual Standby,Dual SIM. SIM Card Type: Dual Nano SIM. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). Back camera: with flash light and AF,13.0MP. I/O Interface: 3.5mm Audio Out Port,Micro USB Slot. Sensor: Proximity Sensor,Ambient Light Sensor,Gravity Sensor. Battery Capacity (mAh): 3100mAh Built-in Battery. Product size: 15.09 x 7.52 x 0.87 cm / 5.93 x 2.96 x 0.34 inches. Package size: 18 x 12 x 6 cm / 7.07 x 4.72 x 2.36 inches. Download your favorite apps through the Google Play Store or Market installed. Note: This smart phone is designed only to work with the current Android/Windows OS installed in it. Any alterations such as upgrades or flashing a newer version will void the warranty. The stated ROM amount shows the maximum available ROM with nothing installed. However, the Android/Windows OS and pre-installed software from the manufacturer will occupy some of this ROM. The available ROM on the device will therefore be slightly less than the ROM listed.. FAQ for MEIZU M2 Note 4G LTE Phablet. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Does the meizu m2 note support wireless charging (qi standard) ?. By Lorenzo Mueller Oct-23/2016 12:10:37. Please note that this item do not support wireless charging.. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.. Is it user friendly for Sri Lanka Signal and any things?. By Prabath May-24/2016 05:05:41. This item is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible.. 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz. Is it working in sri lanka?. By Prabath May-24/2016 05:05:53. Hello Prabath， Unlocked For Worldwide use.Please ensure local area network is compatible for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. The language of this product don't have Viet Nam. By Huu Nang Apr-18/2016 03:04:31. Hello Huu， Languages: Simplified/Traditional Chinese, English, Cestina, Deutsch, Eesti, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Polski, Romana, Slovenscina, Greek, Russian, Hebrew.. This item does not support Viet Nam.. what rom is installed on this phone? is it international ? is italian language present?. By salvatore Apr-09/2016 11:04:39. Hello， RAM + ROM: 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM. Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz Note: 1. Both SIM1 and SIM2 support 4G networks. You can choose the data service mode in the settings, one SIM will be 4G while the other SIM can only use GSM networks. SIM1 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/ for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Languages :Simplified/Traditional Chinese, English, Cestina, Deutsch, Eesti, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Polski, Romana, Slovenscina, Greek, Russian, Hebrew. COMO EU PAGO O IMPOSTO DE IMPORTAÇÃO NO BRASIL. By edson jose hanauer Mar-27/2016 09:03:53. Taxes are charged by your local customs office control and are covered by the customer. We recommend you ship the item by surface mail or ems to reduce or avoid ( if applicable) .Please refer to http://www.gearbest.com/about/faq.html. will this phone work in ireland?. By annmarie canavan Mar-26/2016 05:03:58. This phone is unlocked , it can work the carrier which can support Frequency GSM850/900/1800/1900MHz , You can check the link to find which carrier this phone can support,The link is http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/.. Hola, este celular puede funcionar en Perú?. By Luis Enrique Mar-25/2016 06:03:24. This phone is unlocked , it can work the carrier which can support Frequency GSM850/900/1800/1900MHz , You can check the link to find which carrier this phone can support,The link is http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/.. Is this phone support Bulgarian language?. By Hristov Jan-19/2016 10:01:41. We are sorry that this item does not support Bulgarian language. Please feel free to ask if you have further questions.. By JUAN VAQUERO Jan-19/2016 03:01:06. The phone will come with google play installed. Please feel free to ask if you have further questions.. Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 10 Next Go To : GO. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 100 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 446 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Pros: Заказ получил, оригинал, все хорошо! Cons: Заказ получил, оригинал, все хорошо!. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: sehr gutes Gerät, einfach zu handhaben und flashen, schnelle Lieferung... Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: very good phone for this money Cons: very good phone for this money. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 1 ). Pros: acquistato quasi due anni fa quando meizu era ancora sconosciuta ai più in Italia.. nonostante i due GB di RAM si comporta egregiamente... la batteria comincia a perdere qualche colpo, ma ci sta dopo due anni e la sostituzione è molto semplice pur essendo una batteria integrata...basta un po\' di manualità.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Liked: + Good screen + Quick work + Not a bad autonomy + Cameras + Gray color of the case with matte plastic, the ability to install a memory card, a mechanical button mBack Cons: Did not like: - Average quality of the ringing speaker - Decreased performance compared to Meizu M1 Note, worse oleophobic coating, inconvenient volume / on / off keys - Minor glitches in the firmware. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: If you\'re a regular Android user, you probably haven\'t thought of a physical home button since Google started including onscreen buttons with recent versions of its mobile operating system. However, it\'s clear that Meizu has been thinking long and hard about it, as the inclusion of a home button on the M2 Note doesn\'t feel like a retrograde step, and instead offers some rather interesting and innovative features.Considering the price of the Meizu M2 Note, the specifications are pretty impressive – and generally much more powerful than other handsets in the same price bracket. While most budget phones make do with 512MB or 1GB of RAM, the M2 Note comes with 2GB, which helps multitasking with numerous apps open feel smooth and fluid. The Mediatek octa-core 1.3GHz CPU also helps keep everything running smoothly, and running the GeekBench 3 benchmark, which puts the CPU through its paces, yielded a multi-core score of 2693. Cons: The Meizu M2 Note is an impressive phablet, with specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price. If you don\'t mind a few quirks or a relatively unknown brand name, then it\'s one of the best smartphones you can buy on a budget. Meizu M2 Note is a solid phablet that offers plenty of bang for your buck. The international price isn\'t as cheap as the Chinese version, but it\'s still highly competitive. The fact that it\'s near £100 makes it an easy recommendation for anyone who wants budget smartphone, but doesn\'t want to make too many compromises on power and features. With a design, specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price, I was more than happy with this handset. If you don\'t mind a few quirks, or a brand name hardly anyone has heard of, then it\'s one of the best cheap smartphones you can buy.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: bright and big screen Lte support Good bettery Cons: no sd card support in dual sim.mode. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: - quality - battery life -easy to use -works good - fast shipping. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good construction Good camera Fast Cons: System sometimes not user friendly Latest system version not compatible with Facebook. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 45 Next Go To : GO. Pros: Liked: + Good screen + Quick work + Not a bad autonomy + Cameras + Gray color of the case with matte plastic, the ability to install a memory card, a mechanical button mBack Cons: Did not like: - Average quality of the ringing speaker - Decreased performance compared to Meizu M1 Note, worse oleophobic coating, inconvenient volume / on / off keys - Minor glitches in the firmware. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: If you\'re a regular Android user, you probably haven\'t thought of a physical home button since Google started including onscreen buttons with recent versions of its mobile operating system. However, it\'s clear that Meizu has been thinking long and hard about it, as the inclusion of a home button on the M2 Note doesn\'t feel like a retrograde step, and instead offers some rather interesting and innovative features.Considering the price of the Meizu M2 Note, the specifications are pretty impressive – and generally much more powerful than other handsets in the same price bracket. While most budget phones make do with 512MB or 1GB of RAM, the M2 Note comes with 2GB, which helps multitasking with numerous apps open feel smooth and fluid. The Mediatek octa-core 1.3GHz CPU also helps keep everything running smoothly, and running the GeekBench 3 benchmark, which puts the CPU through its paces, yielded a multi-core score of 2693. Cons: The Meizu M2 Note is an impressive phablet, with specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price. If you don\'t mind a few quirks or a relatively unknown brand name, then it\'s one of the best smartphones you can buy on a budget. Meizu M2 Note is a solid phablet that offers plenty of bang for your buck. The international price isn\'t as cheap as the Chinese version, but it\'s still highly competitive. The fact that it\'s near £100 makes it an easy recommendation for anyone who wants budget smartphone, but doesn\'t want to make too many compromises on power and features. With a design, specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price, I was more than happy with this handset. If you don\'t mind a few quirks, or a brand name hardly anyone has heard of, then it\'s one of the best cheap smartphones you can buy.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: bright and big screen Lte support Good bettery Cons: no sd card support in dual sim.mode. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: - quality - battery life -easy to use -works good - fast shipping. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). il miglior medi gamma ancora in circolazione per me. cover con viti nella parte bassa quindi anche smontarlo per cambiare la batteria non sarà un problema. Per i tifosi del napoli come me è un must. Cons: manca la banda B20 e poi arriva con firmware cinese quindi bisogna smanettare un po. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Works great, fast and easy to use Long lasting battery Great design Cons: None. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Очень быстрая доставка, товар оригинальный и качественный.Советую к сотрудничеству етот магазин. Cons: Аккумулятор: 3100 мАч, несъёмный, Оперативная память: 2 ГБ, Встроенная память: 16 ГБ,. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Große Display Akkulaufzeit Design Cons: Updatepolitik rutschiges Gehäuse. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). MEIZU M2 Note 5.5 inch Octa Core Android 5.0 Lollipop 4G Phablet. I will buy more Cons: Not found. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 23 Next Go To : GO. il miglior medi gamma ancora in circolazione per me. cover con viti nella parte bassa quindi anche smontarlo per cambiare la batteria non sarà un problema. Per i tifosi del napoli come me è un must. Cons: manca la banda B20 e poi arriva con firmware cinese quindi bisogna smanettare un po. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Очень быстрая доставка, товар оригинальный и качественный.Советую к сотрудничеству етот магазин. Cons: Аккумулятор: 3100 мАч, несъёмный, Оперативная память: 2 ГБ, Встроенная память: 16 ГБ,. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: fast and cheap phone Cons: none. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good phone for good price. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: ОТличный телефон и недорогой Самсунги и айфоны сосут или нервно курят, выбирайте кому что нравиться Супре вобщем Cons: нет. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: product that meets the expectations in the average range, does not disappoint Cons: who knows this product and find no reported problems. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Сборка Удобство работы Экран яркий и четкий Поддержка производителя Много чехлов пленок и разных плюшек Cons: Не тянет тяжелые игры нельзя одновременно использовать две сим и сд карту Китайская версия нет русского языка нужна перепрошивка. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Telefono molto valido lo uso da circa 5 mesi e mi ci trovo perfettamente. Sono uno skater e la funzione slow motion è utilissima e fatta molto bene. Cons: Fino ad ora non ho trovato contro. A volte può dare qualche scatto ma solo prima di caricare un applicazione.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 7 Next Go To : GO. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, Battery and Conclusion. posted by Victor H.. 4 Call quality, Battery and Conclusion. Introduction The Meizu m2 Note comes from Chinese brand Meizu that remains out of the scope of the mainstream customer in the West. This, however, does not mean that it’s an obscure and a shady brand – in fact, Meizu has quite a loyal following in China, and recently, it’s started building a name for itself as its last year’s flagship – the Meizu MX4 – went on sale in many of Europe’s largest markets. The Meizu m2 Note is the company’s affordable big- screen phone : a 5.5-inch phablet with a 1080 x 1920-pixel display, an octa-core MediaTek chip with 2GB of RAM, and the latest Android 5.1 Lollipop on board. Often, however, specs don’t tell the full story. Is the Meizu m2 Note really as good as it looks on paper? That’s what we’ll try to answer in the full review right below. In the box: 2A 5V wall charger microUSB Cable User manual SIM ejector tool Design The Meizu m2 Note features a plastic body, but it has a nice, non-cheap feel to it and is solidly put together. The new physical mBack button is neat, doubling as a back button and lock key. The Meizu m2 Note features a plastic body – there are no premium materials such as glass or metal, but that’s expected for such an affordable phone. Nonetheless, build quality is great: the phone is put together solidly, with no loose parts, and everything is perfectly well aligned (the camera is completely flush with the back). It comes in a choice of four colors: three glossy shells in pink, blue and white, and a matte gray body (the version that we have for review). The gray matte option is reportedly a big hit in China because it does look somewhat similar to metal, and the feel of the plastic is great, eschewing that somewhat cheap feeling (and messy fingerprint-laden surface) of glossy plastic. In terms of pure size, the 5.5” handset features a fairly slim side bezel, so overall the phone ends up being narrower than, say, the iPhone 6 Plus. The exact dimensions are: 150.9 x 75.2 x 8.7mm. The m2 Note is also surprisingly lightweight for its large size – it weighs 5.26 oz (149 grams), with the weight slightly shifted to the top. While it’s not among the thinnest phones (it measures 8.7mm thick), we found the m2 Note to be of average thickness and fairly comfortable to hold. The more ardent readers who follow the Chinese phone industry would know that the the Meizu m2 Note comes as a somewhat rushed successor to the last year’s Meizu m1 Note. The rush is reportedly due to a lawsuit filed from ZTE against Meizu, as the larger Chinese company sued Meizu for using a round capacitive button with an LED color ring as the home button. Meizu was forced to redesign its whole lineup, and that is why the m2 Note does away with the capacitive key in favor of a physical home button (the ‘mBack’ key). Keep in mind that while there is no fingerprint scanner, this is no ordinary button: you can not only physically click it, but you can also tap it to go back a step and long-click it to lock the phone. These two additions add quite a lot of functionality and are a typical Meizu touch. The button itself is of good quality, but it lacks the sturdy tactile response of, say, the home key on the Apple iPhone , and instead feels just very slightly wobbly and not all that stable. The physical button on the Meizu m2 Note – a lock screen and a volume rocker – are somewhat inconveniently (for a right-handed person) positioned on the left hand side. They are clicky and we had no issues pressing them, but we’ve seen buttons with better tactile response (yes, we’re nit-picking here). Display The 5.5” IPS LCD display comes with a 1080 x 1920-pixel resolution. It’s a sharp display with pleasing colors. We’ve been dreaming about a perfectly well calibrated display for quite a while, but unfortunately, we’re yet to see one even in the top-shelf devices. Naturally, the Meizu m2 Note is not one to suddenly surprise us with perfect calibration, but it does manage to do better than most of its peers and its screen actually looks better than the screens of many more expensive devices. First, resolution: the 5.5-inch IPS LCD screen is an IGZO panel manufactured by Sharp and it features a 1080 x 1920-pixel (Full HD) resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 400ppi. We find this to be more than sufficient, as the screen looks sharp and we cannot notice any pixelization in real-life usage. What’s more important is that the phone features a good color reproduction: whites are not excessively warm or cold with color temperature of 6800K, just slightly above the reference 6500K value (notice that you can manually tweak color temperature from Settings -> Display -> Color Temperature, and we went just a notch below the default value to get closer to 6500K); primary colors are overall well balanced; gamma – at 2.32 – is just slightly north of the 2.2 standard, resulting in images looking a bit darker and more contrasty. Looking at the color charts, we are happy to see that the m2 Note sticks to the sRGB color standard – the universal color standard of the web – rather than some obscure color space. Color calibration is fairly good, with the exception of the more intense end of the color spectrum where we see color getting an artificial saturation boost, for an extra pop. If Meizu were to fix that, we would have a display very close to that perfection we’re looking for. The screen also gets surprisingly bright: at 627 nits (Meizu officially claims that the display reaches 450 nits), this is one of the brightest screens we’ve tested, and this makes it easier to use the phone outdoors, even on a bright sunny day. What’s even more impressive is that at night, it goes all the way down to 1 nit, making reading an experience that is less harsh on the eyes, a great features for all the night birds out there. Viewing angles are also great with almost no color tinting when you view the display at an angle. The only niggle that we have is that the light sensor does not work as well as we’d like: sometimes it goes too dim to be comfortable to use, and sometimes too bright for the conditions, which is definitely annoying, as you often times have to manually adjust the brightness. The proximity sensor works well as expected. Finally, while the original m1 Note featured a screen protected by Gorilla Glass, the m2 Note switches to AGC Dragontrail/NEG T2X-1 tempered glass. We have not performed drop tests to test durability, but in terms of how smooth your fingers runs on the glass surface, we have had no issues.. 5.94 x 2.96 x 0.34 inches. 150.9 x 75.2 x 8.7 mm. 5.63 x 2.78 x 0.3 inches. 143 x 70.6 x 7.7 mm. 5.7 x 2.84 x 0.34 inches. 144.8 x 72.1 x 8.6 mm. 6.07 x 3.12 x 0.38 inches. 154.2 x 79.2 x 9.7 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Meizu m2 note Compare. (Posts: 32; Member since: 25 Sep 2014). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:11. Great review! For what "headphones output voltage" stands for? The higher it is, the sound is louder or...?. (Posts: 921; Member since: 31 Oct 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:14. (Posts: 5029; Member since: 30 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 14:55. Higher voltage enable you to use higher impedance headphones.. Basically the one that's you would need to use an amplificator if you would use it on an iPhone by example.. (Posts: 80; Member since: 06 May 2010). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 18:12. Hey phone arena I hope you do the review on the 5" Meizu M2. Since not everyone is looking for a phone as big as this Note ... (Posts: 921; Member since: 31 Oct 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:15. (Posts: 265; Member since: 28 Oct 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:16. A question, what kind of apps aren't optimized/won't run? Any big ones like Whatsapp or Facebook?. (Posts: 518; Member since: 31 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:22. (Posts: 9; Member since: 19 Oct 2014). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:34. I am using Meizu M1 Note as my daily driver and im on Flyme 4 with KitKat and i have never had any problems with any apps that won't run. Facebook is working same with Instagram, whatsapp, tumblr, messenger, chrome, spotify and a lot more. And also no fingerprint scanner in cons is stupid. It is an affordable phone, not flagship or sth. (Posts: 921; Member since: 31 Oct 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:39. On XDA, ppl report problems with Facebook, Instagram and Skype, also apps notifications like email apps.. (Posts: 2; Member since: 31 Oct 2015). posted on 31 Oct 2015, 06:30. I just got my Note 2 day before yesterday. Spent yesterday learning the difference between a nano-sim and a micro-sim; and about broadcast bands for LTE(4G) technology, I tried to log into Facebook today (to register for this site) and it tells me my password changed over a year ago! --- can you see my point!!. I think the MNote 2 is an excellent smartphone for Generation Xer's. We want a phone with good phone clarity; the ability to use communications media quickly (gmail, WhatsApp, possibly twitter); to be able to navigate when we travel (g-maps); to conduct electronic transactions (banking; shopping apps); and quickly access information (efficient browsing). Generation Xer's generally couldn't care less about gaming features (I've never used an X-box in my life) and normally have other ways of keeping things private/safe (which we've used for a long time) so fingerprint technology isn't really that important. The majority of Generation Xer's, I know, feel immodest taking selfies and so the use of Instagram also isn't really important. Our careers often make us work long hours and battery life is important. For my needs this is truly the right phone (and that it comes at the right price is a plus). (Posts: 2; Member since: 31 Oct 2015). posted on 31 Oct 2015, 06:41. in response to #31 Hide. Also just a quick reminder: Most Generation Xer's I know would be quite content to continue using the phones we had three years ago. If you did a study you would find that they are more often forced into a new phone due to their tech companies planned obsolescence (leading to malfunction) rather than willingly upgrade for "better screen resolution" or more advanced software etc. In this sense I echo the compliments to Meizu for giving the likes of Sony/Samsung/Apple a run for their money.. (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 01:30. Chat heads on Facebook Messenger do not appear on top of everything as they should, and I've had Google Play Games not installing and one other, non-essential application.. (Posts: 265; Member since: 28 Oct 2013). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 02:40. Thank you Victor, will be ordering one as my secondary phone.. (Posts: 518; Member since: 31 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:21. (Posts: 808; Member since: 17 Oct 2011). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:28. This are the kind of phones that is hurting Samsung, lg and Sony right now.. (Posts: 259; Member since: 05 Jul 2011). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:32. Meizu are on a Roll! Good for them, the more competition the better!. (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 10:35. Looks like a great phone from all areas other than its looks. Nice size battery to boot Looks very bland one front and back though. (Posts: 44; Member since: 21 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 12:48. I just picked one up today myself. Just loading some apps, so nothing to offer other than first impressions so far, but it seems to run smooth and no crashes or odd behaviour so far. Just make sure to jam the little SIM drawer key *all* the way in to open it, as I used too much force on opening mine, and now it's a tad wobbly. My own fault, but no big deal. Generally I am pretty happy so far. Images and video are great, and no heating (yet). I am especially happy that I can use 2 SIM cards - one personal, and one from work. No more carrying around 2 phones. ..oh yeah, and I love the display.. (Posts: 44; Member since: 21 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 16:31. No issues with any apps so far because of the single button design, but I haven't tried any heavy games yet. I already dropped it once accidentally (no case or screen protector yet) as I was getting out of the car, and it fell from an angle onto gravel from about 1 meter of height, and then it skidded for another 50 cm. across the gravel until it stopped - fortunately entirely on its back - with me looking on in horror. No scratches on back panel at all - not even in the corners. That said, it seems to be pretty rugged overall since it has survived my abuse, except for the (now-loose) SIM tray.. (Posts: 183; Member since: 13 Feb 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 15:26. Wow display quality assessment give good to excellent score in every aspects, I wonder why PA not describing this as good achievement, but if reviewing Samsung & Apple device gotta be like "Wow, this display so accurate, bright, vivid blah blah blah" and kudos to Sharp display invent IGZO display. (Posts: 888; Member since: 22 Nov 2014). posted on 03 Aug 2015, 17:18. M2 Note with M1 Note's processor would be great. Unfortunately the one in M2 (MT6753) is much slower and than Snapdragon 615.. (Posts: 3718; Member since: 03 Nov 2012). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 01:01. Really the loudspeaker is so dull?. (Posts: 44; Member since: 21 Mar 2015). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 02:40. I can confirm that it is very weak - something that really bothers me when using Waze while driving, since I have trouble hearing the directions over the volume of the car stereo - even when the car stereo's volume is low. Hopefully the issue will be resolved with a software update at some point in the future(?) - if not, perhaps I'll be able to work-around it by routing the sound to the cars Bluetooth speaker. In any case, it is one of two major 'bugs' in the design of this phone that I have discovered so-far, but it's a pretty annoying one for me. The second issue I have discovered is an issue with the touch screen near the edges of the screen. For example, I have trouble setting the screen brightness to maximum by tapping on the highest end of the brightness slider. I can still 'drag' the slider to maximum, but still.... Basically the touch-screen recalibration, and the speaker issue both need to be addressed in a software update from Meizu I think.. (Posts: 1512; Member since: 11 Nov 2014). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 01:55. Wow and they scored the Desire Eye an 8 for some ridiculous cons while this phone got a 9.. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 21:29. for the price, this phone really deserve solid 9. (Posts: 224; Member since: 12 Nov 2011). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 03:08. Umm PA, could you tell me where you downloaded the official Google Play app for this. It doesn't come out of the box, right?. (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 03:22. It comes with the Google Play Store already installed.. (Posts: 595; Member since: 03 Jan 2013). posted on 04 Aug 2015, 04:01. Internationally it will come with Google Apps. Only in Chinese version it won't be included.. (Posts: 155; Member since: 08 May 2013). posted on 05 Aug 2015, 03:54. I have a Meizu M1 note and like mentioned in the review, the speaker is dull. Fortunately I've been able to boost the loudness of the main speaker in both normal and headset mode through the engineering settings (*#*#3646633#*#*). Don't know if this would work in M2 note though.. posted on 15 Aug 2015, 16:37. give these phones lte bands 2 4 7 12 17 damn you :(. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (401 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 5.94 x 2.96 x 0.34 inches (150.9 x 75.2 x 8.7 mm). MediaTek, Octa-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 2 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
We would like to send you awesome offers!. Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings.. Sorry!! No result found for "OK".Please press enter for search.. If you are a new user. Please refresh the page and try again.. Please refresh the page and try again.. New product price is lower than exchange product price. Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page. Exchange offer is not applicable with this product. Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product. Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option. Your item has been added to Shortlist.. Your Item has been added to Shopping List. Remove below items from the cart. Return form will be sent to your email Id:. Want this item in next 24 hours?. Get an instant SMS with a link to download the Snapdeal App. Please Enter a Valid 10 Digit Number.. Yes, Send Me A Link To The App. Meizu m2 4G (16GB) is sold out.. You have reached the maximum number of selection. You can select only upto 4 items to compare.. You have already selected this product.. This product has been sold out. WebPDPAttributeContentDTO [id=638865834991, name=Color, value=Grey, soldOut=true, subAttributeType=null, subAttributes=null, catalogId=638865834991, supc=SDL390823248, live=true, images=[imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390823248-1-d6273.jpg, imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390823248-2-7ba12.jpg, imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390823248-3-89f67.jpg, imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390823248-4-0c791.jpg], colorCode=#808080, thumbnail=https://n2.sdlcdn.com/imgs/a/8/c/130x152/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390823248-1-d6273.jpg, selected=false, buyableInventory=0]. WebPDPAttributeContentDTO [id=636496228873, name=Color, value=White, soldOut=true, subAttributeType=null, subAttributes=null, catalogId=636496228873, supc=SDL390848960, live=true, images=[imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390848960-1-94871.jpg, imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390848960-2-6e40e.jpg, imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390848960-3-c83bd.jpg, imgs/a/8/c/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390848960-4-001fd.jpg], colorCode=#f5f1de, thumbnail=https://n2.sdlcdn.com/imgs/a/8/c/130x152/Meizu-M2-M578H-4G-16GB-SDL390848960-1-94871.jpg, selected=true, buyableInventory=0]. We will let you know when in stock. You will be notified when this product will be in stock. Dial *#06# to get your IMEI Number. In case of device support issues, try new Snapdeal App. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Try new Snapdeal App for higher exchange discount. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Screen Size (in cm):12.7 cm (5). 1 M2 Phone, 1 Power Adapter, 1 USB Cable, 1 SIM Eject Tool, 1 Warranty Certificate. 1 SIM + 1 Additional Slot for use with SIM/Memory Card. Brightness: 400cd/sq.m, 2,048 Adjustable Brightness Levels, GFF fully laminated manufacturing technique. Flyme 4.5 (Android 5.1 Lollipop) OS. FotoNation 2.0 smart selfie enhancement, Face AE face light boost, Burst mode, Panoramic lens. Meizu m2 Note 4G 16GB is a 4G smartphone. This mobile runs on android 5.0 Lollipop. It has 13.9 cm IGZO capacitive touchscreen with 1280 x 1720 pixel resolution. It is powered by a 1.3GHz MT6753 octa core processor combined with 2GB RAM. The phone is equipped with 13 MP primary camera. The handset is equipped with 16GB inbuilt memory which can be expanded up to 128 GB. The phone comes with dual SIM features. Meizu m2 Note 4G 16 GB is a GSM network on both SIM cards. This available now on the Snapdeal mobile store.. The phone comes with dual SIM card slot which allows users to access two numbers using one phone. The phone allows you to manage your calls and messages much easier and also provides access to both personal and office SIM using just one phone.. The dual SIM mobile comes with a 13.9 cm touchscreen display and hence, users can access all the application in the phone by just a touch. Meizu m2 Note 4G 16GB comes with HD 1920 x 1080 pixel resolution.. The phone comes with 1.3 GHz MT6735 Octa Core processor combined with 2GB RAM and Mali T720 MP3 GPU. This mobile phone facilitates you to multi-task without in hassle.. For the smooth functioning of this phone, it has a good operating system. It is equipped with the Android Lollipop 5.0 (Flyme 4.5) operating system, this is upgradable to the Flyme 4.5.1I.. The phone is equipped with a 13MP primary camera and 5MP front facing camera which acts as a secondary camera. This allows you to capture the best moments with high quality. The primary camera has a 4X digital zoom, 300-degree panoramic lens, Blue glass IR filter, 5-element lens ƒ/2.2, 30 photos per second.. High clarity videos can be recorded using the cameras. Now capture every moment by just a click.. The phone comes with an inbuilt memory 16GB internal memory, which can expand up to 128GB with the help of a memory card. This helps you store your images, videos, and much more applications.. Meizu m2 Note 4G 16GB comes with a 2500 mAh Lithium-Ion battery which provides user talk-time up to 23 hours and 680 hours of standby on 3G network. Hence, this provides long lasting battery life. This phone comes with a reliable battery life like many other best mobiles.. The images represent actual product though color of the image and product may slightly differ.. For warranty-related claims, please contact the brand service centre.. Was this information helpful to you?. Thank You for submitting your response.. Expand your business to millions of customers. More Mobile Phones From Meizu. Got a question? Look no further.. Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.. Download the app and get exciting. app only offers at your fingertips. Please enter a valid email address.. Register now to get updates on promotions and. About Snapdeal – India’s Ultimate Online Shopping Site. Snapdeal’s vision is to create India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem that creates life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. In February 2010, Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, started Snapdeal.com - India’s largest online shopping marketplace, with the widest assortment of 35 million plus products across 800 plus diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, national, and international brands and retailers. With millions of users and more than 300,000 sellers, Snapdeal is the online shopping site for Internet users across the country, delivering to 6000+ cities and towns in India. In its journey till now, Snapdeal has partnered with several global marquee investors and individuals such as SoftBank, BlackRock, Temasek, Foxconn, Alibaba, eBay Inc., Premji Invest, Intel Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Mr. Online Shopping – A Boon The trend of online shopping is becoming a household name and so is Snapdeal. Snapdeal is the preferred choice of hundreds of thousands of online shoppers given its mammoth assortment of 15 million+ products, quick delivery even to the remotest corners of the country, and daily deals, discounts & offers to make products available at slashed down prices to our valuable customers. Get Started! Shop Online Today at Snapdeal If you have been missing out on all the fun of online shopping thinking it requires one to be a technology aficionado then we have good news for you. Shopping online particularly at Snapdeal is a child’s play; all you need is a mobile phone or laptop or tablet with Internet connection to get started. Simply log into Snapdeal.com and browse through the wide assortment of products across categories. Once you have zeroed in on your favorite products, simply place the order by filling in the details; the products will be delivered right at your doorstep. Fulfill Your Entrepreneurial Dreams! Sell Today at Snapdeal Thanks to easy-to-understand, flexible policies and SD Advisors to help sellers at each step, anyone from a manufacturer to wholesaler to retailer can sell on Snapdeal. Begin your entrepreneurial journey with Snapdeal as a seller by filling a simple registration form here. Once the registration process is done, you can start selling your products to the entire country by sitting at your home or office. Doesn't it sound thrilling? Of course, it is and the excitement will build up with every order you receive! Start selling at Snapdeal today and see your business reach staggering heights. Shop on the Go – Install Snapdeal App Today! You can shop for your favourite products at Snapdeal even on the go using Snapdeal App. Available for both Android and Apple users, the app can be downloaded from Google Play Store and Apple App Store respectively. The app is quick, user-friendly, and enables shoppers buy products with a breeze. What's more, get timely notifications on your phone or tablet so that you don't miss amazing deals and offers. Download the app right now and experience how fun it is to shop on your mobile!. Copyright © 2017, Jasper Infotech Private Limited. 
This page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page. Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.. Does Meizu M2 support Jio 4G Sim?. promoted by MIT Sloan Executive Education. 3-month advanced online course by MIT Sloan. Learn the design thinking approach & increase your success rate for innovation substantially. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.. Nishant Gajra , I know something about Technology.. Answered Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 53 answers and 118.6k answer views. Yes JIO Sim will work in Meizu M2 phone.. This device is LTE but not VoLTE so you will have to use your data pack(4G) for calling using the JIO application.. Today(1/8/16) Mukesh Ambani announced that JIO sim will be available to all 4g devices for FREE which will be available from 5th September.This offer is valid till 31st December 2016 Afterwards they will launch it officially.. So you can try your hands on JIO as it offers free data voice calling sms for free for 3 months.. 17.6k Views · View Upvoters. I am unable to use Jio SIM in Meizu M2. Is there any way to make it work?. Are the Reliance JIO SIMS compatible with 4G LTE handsets?. How can I use my Jio 4G SIM ?. Can I use a Reliance Jio 4G SIM in a 3G phone?. Does the Samsung J2 Pro support the Jio SIM?. Dhananjay Kumar , a small step for a giant leap. Yes it should support 4 g india , any phone which has 2300 mhz with band 40, supports 4 g , as it is TDD- LTE , so airtel and jio sims should work fine .. 7k Views · View Upvoters. Krishna Tandon , Advocate at Chhattisgarh High Court. Answered Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 233 answers and 725.9k answer views. Yes, Meizu M2 is 4G based phone so it supports 4G sim. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 3.6k Views · View Upvoters. Shiladitya Saha , Using Reliance Jio. Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 65 answers and 134k answer views. As of now, officially Jio 4G is not supported by Meizu M2, but unofficially, all the phones which are 4G supported can support Jio 4G, just like I am using it in Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. There are several videos on YouTube guiding step by step, follow them and you’ll have Jio unlimited 4G.. 5.3k Views · View Upvoters. Satish Phirangi , 15 Year's of telecom experience...... Answered Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 510 answers and 889.5k answer views. Meizu M2 is a LTE phone which supports band 40 in India. But it is not appearing in the handset list provide by Jio in the website. So it will not support Jio SIM as of now.. But, If you want to check try to install My Jio app from playstore and generate bar code and if generated visit the nearest store to get your Sim.. 2.9k Views · View Upvoters. Shivendra Pandey , works at Reliance Industries Limited. Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 322 answers and 430.7k answer views. Here is the list of all the phones which support bio Sims. Just keep in mind if you want to use call feature as well without using any APP select volte from this list in the link attached. Airtel uses 2300 MHz TD-LTE band to offer the service. Aircel is the second one who will be providing the LTE service in the same 2300MHz TD-LTE band.. Reliance Jio Infocom Ltd is offering 4G LTE services in both TD-LTE(2300MHz) and FD-LTE(1800MHz) frequency bands. Vodafone gives the LTE service in FDD-LTE frequency band(1800MHz). so you can confirm the Supported frequency Band for any phone model. the frequency is mentioned clearly in phone specifications.. And yes MEIZU M2 supports JIO 4G.. 4.2k Views · View Upvoters. Soma Pande , IoT and Telecom Engineer. Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 258 answers and 416.5k answer views. I don’t know about this mobile models but you can see my answer Soma Pande's answer to Can I use 4g net with reliance jio sim in my Nexus 5 mobile?. 2.2k Views · View Upvoters. Nikhlesh Gupta , expert at Reliance Jio. Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 66 answers and 229.9k answer views. As i can see your phone is 4g supported so you can use jio sim in your smartphone. From 5 September you can avail Jio sim for every smartphone without barcode.. Still if you like you can read my detailed blog post Reliance Jio 4g : Get Jio Sim For Every 4g Phone. 3.7k Views · Answer requested by Umesh Singh. Salentro Tech , Founded By Shri. Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 210 answers and 222.5k answer views. Yes Meizu M2 supports jio sim. It is a LTE devices but still you can make calls & use 4G data.. Shekhar Vaidya , Owner at TechLatest, Experienced Blogger(Wordpress Platform). jio sim is for all LTE and VoLTE enabled devices, if your device is LTE or VoLTE enabled then you can use.. Mohit Mathur , worked at Reliance Jio. Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 325 answers and 83.7k answer views. Please refer this wikipedia link for list of devices which are 4G LTE.. Vikas Shukla , Experience in blogging. Answered Oct 9, 2016 · Author has 53 answers and 42.8k answer views. with name jio sim supported device.. Vatanjeet Singh , I search things from Internet and experienced. Any 4g phone support jio sim. Ashish Dahiya , Independent Entrepreneur (2016-present). Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 96 answers and 142.2k answer views. Yes, Jio sim supports Meizu M2 device.. Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 137 answers and 75.4k answer views. i have not tried it personally but if it is 4G or voLTE compatible it would surely work. there is no bar in handset brand. 74 Views · Answer requested by Annapureddy Ramudu. Does Gretel 600 support Jio 4G in India?. What is the best dongle that supports a Jio SIM 4G under Rs. Will my device support reliance jio 4G sim?. How do I use a Jio 4G SIM in a Redmi Note 4G?. Why is my Jio SIM showing 4G instead of LTE?. How can I get Reliance Jio SIM Card?. Why is my Moto E2 4G not supporting a Jio SIM?. Will a Jio 4G SIM work in a Nokia 105?. How can I use Jio 4G sim with Nexus 4?. How do I use Jio sim in 3G devices?. Still have a question? Ask your own!. I am unable to use Jio SIM in Meizu M2. Is there any way to make it work?. Are the Reliance JIO SIMS compatible with 4G LTE handsets?. How can I use my Jio 4G SIM ?. Can I use a Reliance Jio 4G SIM in a 3G phone?. Does the Samsung J2 Pro support the Jio SIM?. Does Gretel 600 support Jio 4G in India?. What is the best dongle that supports a Jio SIM 4G under Rs. Will my device support reliance jio 4G sim?. How do I use a Jio 4G SIM in a Redmi Note 4G?. Why is my Jio SIM showing 4G instead of LTE?. A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z. About · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
