124.9 x 64.9 x 10.2 mm (4.92 x 2.56 x 0.40 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.4 inches, 56.1 cm 2 (~69.3% screen-to-body ratio). 800 x 1280 pixels, 16:10 ratio (~343 ppi density). 8 MP, f/2.4, autofocus, LED flash. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. microUSB 2.0 (MHL TV-out), USB Host. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Up to 380 h (2G) / Up to 330 h (3G). Up to 13 h (2G) / Up to 10 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu MX2 - user opinions and reviews. This happened to me when I bought it in China a few days after I bought it and it couldn't be fixed so they gave me a new one.... It's just happened to my new one though about 3 months onward.... From my memory I think it has to do with when I use .... You can get this phone from Wish on the AppStore or Play Store. With a MHL adapter connect it to an available HDMI port in the TV.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi 2 Samsung I9100 Galaxy S II Meizu MX 4-core Samsung I9300 Galaxy S III Apple iPhone 5 Xiaomi Mi 1S. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Browse Related Xiaomi MI 2 OPPO Find 5 Nexus 4 iPhone 5 iPhone 4 HTC One Xiaomi M2 Samsung Galaxy S3. Also shop in Cell Phones & Accessories. For Meizu MX5 MX4 M2 M3 M5 Note View Window Flip Silk Leather Stand Cover Case. $1.85 Buy It Now Free Shipping. For Meizu MX2 Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. Handsfree Features These cases close securely and will protect your device and add style to it, the snap shut closure system is safe and secure. Armband Features 1 x 3.5mm .... For Meizu MX2 MX 2 4.4 1M Sync Data Cable Chager Silk Flip Cover Case PU Leather. Can sync the data between your phone and computer. Made from PU Leather and Hard Plastic. Color: Show as the picture, Golden color = Colden color case Random color Cable(defau.... For MEIZU MX2 New TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. 1+ watching | 18+ sold. 1x New TPU Matte Gel skin Case Cover For MEIZU MX2. Fashionable and high quality skin for Meizu Mx2. 1pc New soft TPU Matte Gel Case Cover For MEIZU Mx2. More item fo r Meizi Mx2 .. For MEIZU MX2 New Snap On Rubberized Matte hard case back cover. 1x New Snap ON Rubberized Matte Hard Case cover For MEIZU MX2. high quality Hard skin for MEIZU Mx2. 1pc New Rubberized Matte Hard Case cover For MEIZU Mx2. More item for Meizu MX2 Perfectly fits mx2 .... For Meizu MX2 - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. PU Leather / Fabric Wallet Case. 1 x Fabric & Leather Wallet Case (PU Leather - Not Genuine Leather). You can now preserve the new look of your device, provide impact & sho.... For Meizu MX2 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. 1 x Leather Wallet Case (PU Leather - Not Genuine Leather). You can now preserve the new look of your d.... For Meizu Cell Phones Vertical Leather Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Holster. Vertical Leather Case Pouch Holster w/ Belt Loop, Belt Clip and Magnetic Closure. Keep it attached to your pocket, belt or purse. Magnetic Closure - Swivel Fixed .... Rugged Canvas Case w/ Belt Loop, Clip & Velcro for Meizu Phones. Heavy Duty Vertical Rugged Canvas Nylon Case Holster w/ Belt Loop, Belt Clip and Velcro Closure. You can use the metal clip or the belt loop. For Meizu MX2 MX 2 4.4 1M Sync Data Cable Chager Silk Flip Case Cover PU Leather. Can sync the data between your phone and computer. Made from PU Leather and Hard Plastic. Color: Show as the picture, Golden color = Colden color case Random color Cable(defau.... Houndstooth Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones ECAMMT-5. Un-snap the button holding your front flap to reveal an isolated phone compartment and credit card slots. Along with a rear zipper coin pouch, this wallet has a detachable wrist-strap allowing you to .... PU Leather Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones ESMXWL-18. Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ SPECK CASE ON for Meizu Phones. NOTE: WILL FIT WITH SNAP ON, SILICONE CASE, SPECK CASE, TECH21 CASE ALREADY ON THE PHONE! MEDIUM SIZE Heavy Duty Horizontal Rugged Canvas Nylon Case Holster w/ Belt Loop, Belt Clip and Velcro Closure.. Womens Link Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO CRWL6. Verizon Samsung Galaxy S 4 IV S4 mini. Womens Link Wallet Case & Crossbody Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones CRWL6. Womens Flower Pattern Wallet Case Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO ESMLF-12. Motorola Moto X2 / X 1. Universal Full-grain Genuine Leather Phone Wallet Case Pouch GMENMO10|ECE. BLU Studio X Mini | Tank 4.5 W100. BLU Tank 4.5 W110 | Vivo 4.3. Karbonn Alfa A93 Pop | Alfa A99 | A2 | A90. Safari Pattern Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones SFESAMMT-4. Un-snap the button holding your front flap to reveal an isolated phone compartment and credit card slots. Along with a rear zipper coin pouch, this wallet has a detachable wrist-strap allowing you to .... For Meizu MX 2 3 4 5 Pro 2X Glass Film 3D Lovely Silicone Case Cover Dog Zebra. Tempered Glass Screen Film Protector protect your screen well. Made from environmentally friendly silicone ,anti-shock design. Tempered Glass Flim (depend on your choose).. Two-Tone Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones ESAMMT-5. Un-snap the button holding your front flap to reveal an isolated phone compartment and credit card slots. Along with a rear zipper coin pouch, this wallet has a detachable wrist-strap allowing you to .... Furry Spotted Wrist-Let Case Clutch Cover & Organizer for Smart-Phones ESMK6. Verizon Samsung Galaxy S 4 IV S4 mini. Womens Houndstooth Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO MLPK6. Ladie's Convertible Paisley Smartphone Wallet Cover & Wristlet Clutch ESMLP2-17. Lady Link Wallet Case & Crossbody Clutch Cover for Smart-Cell-Phones CRSL6. interior dimensions: 5.5in x 3.0in x 0.4in. Dimensions: Internal: 5.5in x 3in x 0.4in. External: 5.75in x 3.5in x 1in. Small Simple Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones ESAMWL-4. Un-snap the button holding your front flap to reveal an isolated phone compartment and credit card slots. You may remove the wrist-strap and convert this into a simple wallet cover. Womens Protective Wallet Case Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO ESDC-12 MD. Motorola Moto X2 / X 1. Protective Wrist-Let Case Clutch Cover & Organizer for Smart-Phones KroO ESMTS12. Motorola Moto X2 / X 1. For MEIZU MX2 New Crystal Clear hard case DIY back cover. New Crystal Clear Hard Case cover For MEIZU MX2. high quality Hard skin for MEIZU Mx2. 1pc New Crystal clear Hard Case cover For MEIZU Mx2. More item for Meizu MX2 Perfectly fits mx2 only. Womens PU Leather Wallet Case Cover & Crossbody Clutch for Smart-Phones MLUB14. Motorola Moto X2 / X 1. KroO ECMT12 Houndstooth Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones. Motorola Moto X2 / X 1. Recommended Buying Guides See all guides See all guides. Galaxy Note 2 Buying Guide image. When the first Samsung Note hit the market, buyers were uncertain as to whether or not they could get used to such a large device. The Samsung Galaxy Note 2 measures 5.95 inches by 3.17 inches by 0.37.... Read More about Galaxy Note 2 Buying Guide. How To Clean USB Port On Samsung Galaxy S2 image. How To Clean USB Port On Samsung Galaxy S2. In recent years, the USB ports on smartphones have become the standard ports for both transferring data and charging the devices. That means that when USB ports become dirty or damaged, it can affect a.... Read More about How To Clean USB Port On Samsung Galaxy S2. The iPhone 2G and the T-Mobile G1 revolutionized smartphone technology when they released in 2007 and 2008, respectively. They were some of the first smartphones to incorporate multi-touch interfaces..... Read More about Apple iPhone 2G vs. Shop the extensive inventory of cell phones, PDAs, and cell phone accessories !. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. meizu mx3 meizu mx2 case xiaomi mi 2 xiaomi mi3 nexus 4 xiaomi oppo find 5 jiayu g4 iphone 5 htc one jiayu g3 iocean x7. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu mx2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu mx2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu MX5 MX4 M2 M3 M5 Note View Window Flip Silk Leather Stand Cover Case. For MEIZU MX2 New Snap On Rubberized Matte hard case back cover. For Meizu MX 2 3 4 5 Pro 2X Glass Film 3D Lovely Silicone Case Cover Dog Zebra. For Meizu MX2 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Meizu MX2 - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu MX2 Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. For Meizu MX2 MX 2 4.4 1M Sync Data Cable Chager Silk Flip Cover Case PU Leather. 2Pcs 9H Real Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu MeiLan Phone. For Meizu MX 2 3 4 5 Pro 2X Glass Film 3D Lovely Silicone Cover Case Zebra Dog. For MEIZU MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5 M1 Note M2 M3 New Crystal Clear hard case DIY cover. For Meizu Meilan 2 3 Metal Note 5 Glass Film 3D Silicone Case Cover Zebra Dog. For Meizu M1 / M2 / M3 Note/ M3s Premium Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film AR. For Meizu MX2 - Printed Clip On PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Meizu MX2 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. For Meizu MX2 - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. For MEIZU MX2 New TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. Luxury Flip PU Leather Case Cover For Lot Phones. New Universal Phone Cute Bear Zipper Handbag Purse Clutch Wallet Card Case Cover. Luxury Ultra Thin Slim Matte Hard Back Cover Case For Meizu Various Models. New Handmade Pu Leather Cash Card Slot Wallet Folio Flip Case For Mobile Phones. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Flat Skin Holder For Acer Alcatel Asus. Bling Diamonds piano keys music note PU leather wallet flip Case cover skin #F. Ultra-Thin Sports Running Jogging Gym Armband Arm Band Case Cover For. For Meizu MX2 MX 2 4.4 1M Sync Data Cable Chager Silk Flip Case Cover PU Leather. For Meizu MX 2 3 4 5 Pro 2X Glass Film 3D Lovely Silicone Case Cover Dog Zebra. Bling Diamond Rhinestone Bow Leather Stand Case Cover For Meizu Mobile Phone. Luxury PU Leather Universal Phone Cute Bear Zipper Handbag Purse Case Cover For. Luxury Fashion Leather Flip Case Cover For Phone. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Cover Loop Hip Carry Case Universal Holder For LG BQ. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Universal Holder For Acer Archos. Horizontal PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Strong Holder For Acer. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Flat Skin Holder For LG BQ HTC. BOYA universal phone case Waist Belt Bag Sports Running Jogging WATER RESIST. Sports Running Jogging Gym Waist Belt Bag Case Cover Holder For Varies phone. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Meizu MX 4 MX 5 MX 6 Pro 5. PU Leather Flip Cover Slots Wallet Stand Case Pouch For Meizu / MeiLan Phone. Luxury Leather Waist Bag Case Cover Photo Frame Card Slots With Metal hook STWe. Luxury ultra-thin PU Leather Wallet Flip Stand Card Cover Case For MeiZu Phones. Bling Crystal Diamonds Pearls PU leather flip slots stand wallet case cover #H. Fashion Flip PU Leather Stand Case Cover For. Waist Hang Case Cover Belt Holster Clip Protector Pouch FOR MEIZU MEILAN Phone. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Flat Skin Waist Strong Holder For BQ. For Meizu Cell Phones Vertical Leather Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Holster. Athlete Sports Running Jogging Gym Armband Phone Case Cover Bag For Phone MEIZU. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Flat Skin Universal Holder For BQ HTC. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Flat Skin Holder For Acer Apple. PU leather case Belt Clip bag Holster Pouch Case Cover For Smart Phone. PU pattern Leather Wallet Case Cover Protector Skin F Gionee Meizu Mobile phone. Swimming Waterproof Transparent PVC Pouch Dry Bag Case For Iphone Xiaomi Meizu. Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ SPECK CASE ON for Meizu Phones. Luxury Flip Leather Stand Wallet Case Cover Card Holder For Meizu / MeiLan Phone. Rugged Canvas Case w/ Belt Loop, Clip & Velcro for Meizu Phones. 9H Hardness Tempered Glass Film For Meizu MX2 Back Camera Lens Cover Protector. For Meizu MX 2 3 4 5 Pro 2X Glass Film 3D Lovely Silicone Cover Case Zebra Dog. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. The Meizu MX2 is an Android 4.1 powerhouse equipped with a quad-core 1.6 GHz processor, 2 gigs of RAM, 4.4'' display with 800 x 1280 pixels resolution, and comes in 16, 32 and 64 GB built-in memory flavors. The camera comes with 8 MP back-illuminated sensor, and the device itself packs the standard rich features of the platform.. Dimensions: 4.92 x 2.56 x 0.40 inches (124.9 x 64.9 x 10.2 mm). Weight: 5.01 oz (142 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 800 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI). Quad-core, 1600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A9, 32-bit, 32 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Talk time: 13.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 15.8 days (380 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 10.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 13.8 days (330 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Notifications: Music ringtones, Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 27 Nov 2012. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu MX2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu Android 5.0 Lollipop update roadmap leaks?. Android 4.4 KitKat updates for Meizu MX3 and MX2 to be launched this month. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
GSM , UMTS , HSPA. 27, 2012 ; 5 years ago. Flyme OS 2.0, based on Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean. 16 GB, 32 GB or 64 GB flash memory. 1800 mAh Li-Ion rechargeable battery , not replaceable. Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen , A-GPS , GLONASS , Accelerometer , Gyroscope , Proximity sensor , Digital compass , Ambient light sensor. 800x1280 px (343 ppi ). 8 MP , PDAF autofocus , ƒ/2.4 aperture , LED flash, 1080p30 recording. 1.2 MP , ƒ/2.2 aperture , 720p30 recording. mm TRS connector , Bluetooth 4.0, Dual-band WiFi ( 802.11 b / g / n ). Hardware and design [ edit ]. Meizu MX2 GSMArena page Meizu. The Meizu MX2 is a smartphone designed and produced by the Chinese manufacturer Meizu , which runs on Flyme OS, Meizu’s modified Android operating system. It is a previous model of the MX series, succeeding the Meizu MX and preceding the Meizu MX3. It was unveiled on November 27, 2012 in Beijing. 2.2 Hardware and design. Images of the Meizu MX successor leaked on November 16, 2012. According to this leak, the MX2 no longer has the 3:2 display aspect ratio like the predecessor. Further leaked images confirming the widescreen display aspect ratio and 4.4-inch display appeared on November 21. The Meizu MX2 was officially launched in Beijing on November 27, 2012. [5] The MX2 became available on the China Unicom network on January 23, 2013. The Meizu MX2 was released with an updated version of Flyme OS, a modified operating system based on Android Jelly Bean. It features an alternative, flat design and improved one-handed usability.. The Meizu MX2 features a Samsung Exynos 4412 Quad system-on-a-chip with an array of four ARM Cortex-A9 CPU cores, a Mali -400MP4 GPU and 2 GB of RAM. The Meizu MX2 reaches a score of 12,194 points the in AnTuTu benchmark. The MX2 is available in two different colors (black with white and full-white) and comes with 16 GB, 32 GB or 64 GB of internal storage.. The body of the MX2 measures 124.9. It has a slate form factor , being rectangular with rounded corners. The MX2 uses capacitive buttons for menu navigation.. The MX2 features a 4.4-inch IGZO multi-touch capacitive touchscreen display with an HD resolution of 800 by 1280 pixels. The pixel density of the display is 343 ppi.. In addition to the touchscreen input and the front key, the device has volume/zoom control buttons and the power/lock button on the right side, a 3.5mm TRS audio jack on the top and a microUSB (Micro-B type) port on the bottom for charging and connectivity.. The Meizu MX2 has two cameras. The rear camera has a resolution of 8 MP , a ƒ/2.4 aperture, autofocus and an LED flash. The front camera has a resolution of 1.2 MP and a ƒ/2.2 aperture.. FoneArena concluded that “the MX2 stands out from the crowd with a consistently beautiful hardware and software experience that you don’t see on many Android devices these days” and praised the build quality as well as the superb performance of the device. ^ "Meizu MX2 page - Full phone specifications". ^ Richard Lai (November 27, 2012). "Meizu MX2 packs 1.6GHz quad-core chip, 4.4-inch display and Jelly Bean, due mid-December". ^ "Meizu MX2 images leak ahead of official announcement". ^ "Clearer Meizu MX2 pictures leak, show its thin profile". ^ "Meizu MX2 goes official - quad- core, HD screen and Jelly Bean". ^ "Meizu MX2 goes official - quad- core, HD screen and Jelly Bean". ^ "Meizu MX2 - Antutu". ^ "Meizu MX2 Review". Categories : Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2012 Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Meizu. Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 21 June 2017, at 18:51. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Meizu MX2 vs Xiaomi Redmi 1S Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. Dimensions 4.92 x 2.56 x 0.40 inches (124.9 x 64.9 x 10.2 mm) 5.39 x 2.72 x 0.39 inches (137 x 69 x 9.9 mm). Weight 5.01 oz (142 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.57 oz (158 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Physical size 4.4 inches 4.7 inches. Resolution 800 x 1280 pixels 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI) Autofocus. Software Features Face detection Face detection. Shooting Modes Panorama Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Scenes. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Samsung Exynos 4 Quad 4412 Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 8228. Quad-core, 1600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A9, 32-bit, 32 nm Quad-core, 1600 MHz. 2 GB RAM 1 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 13.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 15.8 days (380 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 10.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 13.8 days (330 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Playlists Album, Artist, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 900, 1800 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 2100 MHz 900, 2100 MHz. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass. Notifications Music ringtones, Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 b, g, n. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass GPS, A-GPS, Glonass. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Nokia 1 Hands On and Photo Gallery. Nokia 7 Plus Hands On and Photo Gallery. Nokia 8110 Hands On and Photo Gallery. Samsung Dex Pad Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ desktop dock announced. Sony Xperia Ear Duo wireless headphones with Google Assistant and Siri integration announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact with 5-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR recording announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 with 5.7-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR video recording announced. Apple said to launch high-end over-ear headphones later this year: KGI. Canon EOS M50 4K mirrorless camera and EOS Rebel T7 DSLR announced. Vivo APEX FullView Concept Smartphone with in-display fingerprint scanner, 98% screen-to-body ratio announced. Author Bharadwaj Chandramouli Posted on August 14, 2013 August 24, 2013 Categories Android , China , Featured , Reviews. The first words that usually come to our mind at the mention of a Chinese phone are cheap, unreliable and poorly built. But it didn’t take long to see that these are plain misconceptions, especially with devices like the Oppo Find 5. The Meizu MX2 invoked similar reactions from us, as we were starting to use and test this gorgeous device. As a company that has been widely known for making iPhone clones like the M8, the Meizu MX was a refreshing change and a departure from the cloning legacy, and the MX2 is an improvement upon its predecessor in good measure. So, how good is the Meizu MX2? Read on to find out.. Note – Check out our unboxing post for the video of the box contents.. The design of the Meizu MX2 is simple and minimalistic. Boasting super thin bezels and a laminated display, the device looks slick. You’d be hard pressed to not say this resembles an Apple device, because it definitely does, especially with a round capacitive touch button and the super thin 3.15mm bezel, reminding us a lot of the iPod Touch.. A single piece of glass completely envelopes the front with a small cut out for the grilled ear piece. The 720p front facing camera along with the proximity and ambient light sensors are neatly hidden under the glass, above the display.. Below the display resides the single home button, which is capacitive and fluorescent, with feedback in light as well as haptics. It also works as a way to wake or lock the phone, making the power button on the top redundant. A double tap wakes the phone in standby and opens the multitasking tray when in the UI. A tap and hold locks the phone when the device is in use.. It’s also worth noting that these gestures work only when the proximity sensor believes it’s not in your pants, pretty intuitive, and we loved the way it made the power button irrelevant, while glowing in the dark at the same time. As a bonus, the home button also works as the notification light, but with a breathing single coloured light, really cool nevertheless.. While the front is made of glass, the sides tell you that the device is made of three layers. The top layer in black is metal and acts as a frame. This, along with another layer of brushed metal that treads along the sides make up the rim of the MX2, and it does look really classy. Beneath the metal lies the high quality plastic that encompasses the remaining sides and the back of the device, with controls and components embedded on them.. The left side houses the volume rocker, which has a single piece translucent button. This is due to the Dual Injection moulding of the back case, which makes it really special. Like the Lumia 620, the outer layer is a clear layer while the inner is opaque. This makes for an interesting aesthetic addition.. It is especially visible near the 3.5mm audio jack on the top, that sits alongside a secondary microphone and the similarly translucent power/lock switch. Also, if you keenly notice, there is a small part of the top that is not metal, and that part is actually a segment of the antenna. It improves the network performance, presumably because metal gets in the way. We can confirm that there is no death grip situation here, but it certainly impacts negatively on the signal when you cover that part with your hand. Shouldn’t be a problem in real life scenarios though.. The left side of the phone also has the small hole which is used to pry open the back cover. Opening the back cover is extremely hard and you need the special in-box tool to do it, doesn’t make it any easier. You almost always have the impression of breaking the back cover, but it’s solid and we wished Meizu could have done something different here.. Underneath the back cover, you have an all-metal construction with shielding from electromagnetic waves and static electricity, which Meizu says, is one of a kind. On the top of the back resides the 8 megapixel camera unit with the single LED flash stuck on to the back cover rather than on the device.. You have the loudspeaker down at the bottom right and the micro SIM card slot at the left.. The back is made of plastic and is nicely curved to fit your hands and thanks to the overall compactness of the phone, the phone is a pleasure to hold. The one handed usage was fairly easier than most other phones at this point in time, and that’s a laudable fact. Easily one of the most comfortable devices we have recently used or tested.. Finally, the right side of the phone is left flush while the bottom part houses the USB port and the primary microphone for voice calls. Onto finer details of the hardware then.. The Meizu MX2 has a 4.44 inch 1280×800 16:10 IPS LCD screen that is, laminated using the TOL technology. Basically, it means that it is bonded to the touchscreen like many other displays these days, but the result is stunning. Meizu claims that this is a new surface lamination technique that vastly improves the colour balance and the viewing angles of the display and we tend to wholeheartedly agree, because the display is definitely nothing short of stunning in every aspect we have tested.. The display holds its ground in every viewing angle possible and has excellent outdoor visibility thanks to the perfect ambient light sensor. Meizu also claims that their CABC – Content adaptive brightness control helps in improving the battery life. While we couldn’t actually test its existence, we did feel that the sensor selective ramps up/down the brightness according to the apps. The camera app always had optimal brightness and made outdoor shooting very comfortable. The 347 ppi screen was very crisp and rendered the beautiful UI to perfection.The blacks are not as deep as you’d expect, but for a LCD, it is very good. The brightness is more than adequate and performs really well outdoors.. At close inspection though, you will be able to notice some banding in the display which might be due to the refresh rate, but that aside, this is easily one of the best displays we have ever used. Right along with the iPhone 5, the Oppo Find 5 and the HTC One, the Meizu MX2 possibly ranks as one of the best displays ever made, for a smartphone. But as with any product or a component, there is a downside, which only varies in intensity. The display backlight slightly bleeds at the edges when viewed at extreme angles. While this is not a major issue and does not affect usage in any way, it is a sign of a fumble in quality.. The camera on the Meizu MX2 is a 8 megapixel unit with a backside illuminated sensor and a single LED flash. Amongst the 5 elements of the lens, there is a blue filter coating on four, preventing infrared interferences for a clearer picture. The lens also has a sufficiently fast f2.4 aperture. Sporting two microphones, the MX2 can record full HD 1080p videos at 30 fps with stereo audio.. The main point of interaction with the camera is its minimalistic user interface. You have a shutter button on the right which changes according to the mode and can be switched using the small switch above the shutter. Below the software shutter button is the thumbnail of the latest image that takes you to the gallery upon a click. Over at the top left you have the options to switch between the two cameras and a toggle for the flash at the bottom left. The contextual menu opens up different options for stills and videos.. You can change between the capture modes like Normal, Panorama(four way, high resolution), smile shot and burst shot. You can then change the ISO upto 800 or set it to auto, change the scene modes accordingly or set it to auto and also change the white balance. The “Other” menu reveals options for geotagging, wide dynamic range capture, gesture capture and various resolution image sizes. While this is all applicable for stills, you get limited options for video which includes just video size, scene and white balance.. Talking of the camera performance, the results are very mixed. The MX2 takes amazingly detailed photos and disappointingly soft photos at the same time, it’s simply a superb yet unreliable camera. Since the sensor is small, the over aggressive metering spoils shots with bright backgrounds by either underexposing or overexposing it, so we resorted to using the “Wide Dynamic Range” mode a lot. On that note, lets take a look at the camera samples now.. As you can see above, some of the photos have really awesome detail even at 100%, but some photos are disappointingly soft and defocused. We wish we could have answers to this problem, but the only thing we can say is, may be the post processing algorithm or the lens is doing the damage. We also have our doubts on the WDR mode, as most photos taken with that mode turn out softer than the normal. This is very much evident in the excellent macro pics that the MX2 snapped –. If you closely look at the macro photos above, you’d be really surprised to see that the snaps have not a trace of noise even at 100%, which is mind blowing for a camera, on a phone. The likes of 808 and the Lumia 1020 are obviously better due to oversampling, but getting this amount of detail in a clean snap is rather really surprising. Do note that all the photos above are taken with WDR off, as macro shots were a bane of that mode and results were completely unusable. While some WDR shots have come out extremely well, some are too soft and unreliable. But it is good to note that unlike other cameras, the WDR mode on this camera takes bracketed shots really fast without much of a shake, good in that aspect.. In low light though, the camera struggles to capture photos without noise. The ISO is way too high always and we can’t really do anything about it, strictly speaking. Lowering the ISO doesn’t help the low light situation and the single LED flash is of not much use either. As you can see above, the shake and noise were two inevitable things that crept into every low light photo we took. The last one was a low light scene that we tried with the WDR mode, but that turned out to be the softest image we have ever seen from the device. We think the noise reduction is so harsh, it completely softens the pic, and that’s the case with the other WDR photos above too. The device can also take sweep panorama shots in both horizontal as well as vertical orientations. Here is a horizontal sample, in low light and in a high resolution. The height or width, depending on the orientation, always stays at 1088, which is pretty nice for a panorama.. This shot has no discrepancies at all, which is quite nice as it is a sweep panorama unlike a step-by-step method other apps follow. So, overall when it comes to stills performance, the Meizu MX2 is a mixed bag, with excellent results and softened pics at the same time. If it is a software issue, Meizu should look at fixing this, as the camera hardware proves to be really awesome in daylight conditions. Forget about low light though, as the camera optics and the hardware are too constrained to perform adequately. That said, the video recording on this device is pretty decent too. Take a look at a full HD 1080p(actually 1920×1088) video sample with ambient stereo audio –. As you can see above, even though the audio is stereo, it is a bit quiet and not that clear partly because of the 32KHz codec. Recording at just 7Mbps bitrate, the video quality is not that great either, with constantly fluctuating white balance and exposure. Overall, it is just average but decent enough for a smartphone.. The Meizu MX2 runs on a custom made homegrown SoC called the MX5S.. CPU: MX5S, 1.6 GHz 4-core A9, 32 nm HKMG. Others: new generation of noise-reducing chip, dual-battery managing chip, independent audio decoding chip, independent photographic processing chip. Camera takes great pictures, only rarely. The MX5S is actually based on the Samsung Exynos 4412 that powers the Samsung Galaxy Note II and other similar devices from Samsung. The 1.6 GHz Quad Core A9 chip is really powerful, giving the the MX2 a nice performance boost. Graphics are powered by the Mali 400MP4 GPU which is quad core again, and provides ample amounts of power for gaming and other strenuous tasks. And as noted above, it has additional specific chips for image processing, noise reduction in calls, battery management and audio decoding. These are usually part of the SoC, but since it is a custom chip solution, Meizu might have gone for a tighter integration with hardware and software with these single purpose chips. You get 2GB of RAM out of which 1.83 GB is available, with around 50% of it always free under normal usage.. In terms of real time performance, the MX2 is very fast and fluid. The stock UI is not much of a problem for the powerful 4412 chip to render and games are not a problem at all too. We tried some casual games as well as tasking games such as Asphalt 7 and got great performance throughout. We also conducted some synthetic benchmark tests with the device and here are the results –. This is how it compares with other devices with similar chipsets.. As you can see above, this is much in line with the Galaxy Note II, and do remember that this device also released almost an year back, so the new devices have an unfair advantage. All said, the real life performance is just as good as any other device we have used, which is good. So, yes, overall performance is really good irrespective of what the benchmark scores say.. The Meizu MX2 is not stocked with connectivity options unlike other devices we have seen. As we noted that this is a custom chip, there has been some cut down on unnecessary hardware, and it shows.. It has 3G HSPA+ connectivity with the 2100 MHz band that happily works in India with optimal speed. Other connectivity options include Bluetooth 4.0 and WiFi b/g/n with WiFi Direct. There is no DLNA, FM Radio or NFC, so that’s a bummer, but there is GLONASS, GPS and inertial navigation using the gyroscope so you’re well covered in terms of navigation options.. The MX2 comes in various storage options, and we’ve got the base model with 16 GB of internal memory. The user available storage is at 13.57GB which is quite sufficient for most functions, but the lack of a micro SD slot is a concern for music and movie lovers alike. As mentioned earlier, there are a lot of sensors on this device which is unsurprising for any modern phone. Among other output devices, the loudspeaker deserves a mention, not for its merits rather for its lack of loudness. It is really silent on most occasions and we wished it was louder for calls as well as music.. The Meizu MX2 is yet another Android device that doesn’t look like one. Running on a heavily modified custom skin called the “Flyme OS 2.0”, the MX2 is in a league of devices that don’t look or function anything like the stock Android interface but retains the app base and other Android advantages. Running on Android 4.1.1, the Flyme OS is blessed with project butter and Google Now, but the other functions are strictly controlled like, you know, iOS. You get three standard shortcuts at the bottom, for the dialer, “slide up to unlock” and the messages app. You have access to the camera from swipe from any side of the edges, left or right and of course the notification drop down is accessible for quick access to all the system level notifications from the lock screen. You have an extremely cool animation that gets activated during charging, and has quick controls for music when it is playing. Again, it is very simple and beautiful, and much like iOS, it is a controlled experience here.. The notifications drop down bar is actually dynamic, with it resizing itself according to the content. While you get lots of quick actionable items because of rich notifications in Android 4.1.1, the drop down becomes bigger if you have many items. There are the standard toggles on the bar for the connectivity options and even quick network mode and WiFi selection, which is much welcome, but we can’t help but miss the rich notifications on all items, not just the first one, which is how it works in the Flyme OS.. Coming to the launcher, again, it is very much like iOS. There is a dock of three or five customizable shortcuts, with the one in the middle(Browser) being persistent. Above the dock is a grid of app icons, 4X4 with options to add widgets(limited selection) if you need to clutter it up. Honestly, we think that copying iOS is a poor design decision, but all hail Android for its flexibility, we can actually install third party launchers. But before that, we did extensively use the default launcher, and it is flexible in a different way, using a Theme manager. There are a LOT of custom made themes from users and developers alike which changes the styles of the OS including icons, tool tips, dialer, slider controls and what not, and it makes for interesting themes. it is almost like the jail broken iPhones and their springboard themes. There is even a iOS 7 theme which suddenly makes sense because it does nicely fit with the launcher, ha!. The settings menu of the launcher is feature rich and allows you to control most aspects of the device much like any Android device, but there are a few things missing, as well as additional here. The customize menu has the theme manager that lets you choose custom themes, and it even lets you set the default launcher in case you have installed any third party launcher, which you mostly will, or at least we recommend you do. The WiFi Direct option inside WiFi lets you communicate or set up local networks within its sub menu. The Display menu has options to control the ambient light sensor and the light intensity of the home key. The other important additions are hidden under the accessibility menu, with options like haptic feedback, light feedback, USB fast charging, Screen halftone(saves battery) and even CPU usage levels, which are important to save battery. You can check out all the options here in these screenshots above, and you will then understand what we are talking about.. Overall the user interface is really slick and minimal, with white and dark gray being the theme. Other OEMs need to take note of these Chinese interfaces and learn a thing or two, seriously. Since the device has only one hardware capacitive button, the others were rendered in a bottom bar, like the back and contextual menu, much like what you see on other phones with overlaid shortcuts. While it is non existent for its default apps, third party apps do miss out on some screen real estate in portrait, but things get better in landscape as the back button and the option automatically re-arrange themselves to the top and adds a contextual menu to the top right of the notification bar. This works irrespective of the app being default or third party.. Speaking of default apps, utilities like Calculator, recorder and alarm clock were nicely designed, but the file manager stands out, with a great two column lay out and quick access to all kinds of files you mostly need. The gallery app has different auto albums and integrates well with the camera, however we wish it’d been a little bit faster in decoding all the pics. The Music and video players are pretty nice too, with their own OS-styled UIs. To make sure none look remotely like Android, every default app is skinned with a unified design in mind, and even in depth settings look nothing like Android, which is really surprising. The only Google apps pre installed with this device are Play Store, Search and Maps, but you can download any other Google app from the store and start using them, like for example, GMail, which does not come pre installed. You can even change the keyboard to the default stock one by downloading it from the Play Store, but the default keyboard itself is really nice, with an extra row always in reach. Make sure you delete the Chinese language packs for the keyboard as they were kinda intrusive at first even when typing in English.. Software wise, this is possibly one of the most polished experiences you will ever have, but a bit constrained if you are going to hold on to the stock launcher. But, like us, if you just load up a third party launcher like Nova, you can experience a decent Android UI as well as an extremely polished Meizu Flyme UI, all in one. The Meizu MX2 has a 1750 mAh Lithium Polymer battery, which is quite small in modern smartphones. With a 4.4 inch display, the battery struggles to keep its life going for a whole day. Using 3G often kills it faster, with it completely depleted in 7-8 hours, but if you’re on WiFi and usage is average, the battery life comes for 16-19 hours at a stretch. It definitely has better standby times than other devices we have seen, so in that case, it is definitely good but the actual usage times are much lesser than modern devices with bigger batteries.. Rated at 10 hours of talktime and 33o hours of standby on 3G, the battery can withstand a good deal of music usage, thanks to the dedicated low power chip. There are various chips employed to take over low power processing so as to offload the CPU, and that technique works in the favor of the longevity of the battery. The accessibility settings provide lots of options to reduce battery usage including haptic feedback, light key feedback, intensity and even CPU throttling. This helps in increasing the battery life to an extent. There were no in built power saving options, as even the battery sub menu inside the settings was missing. Overall, we would say the battery life is just average and nothing spectacular.. In the end, I completely loved to use the Meizu MX2. It turned a lot of heads due to its stunningly sleek design and the amazing display, which was a great window to show off the beautiful UI and overall performance. However, the camera was a mixed bag. Even though it produced really great results, it was just unreliable, and that goes for the battery life too, which is just average. But, is the Meizu MX2 good enough? Definitely! Devices like these have constantly impressed us mainly due to our low expectations from a Chinese brand. But even then, overall as a phone, the MX2 stands out from the crowd with a consistently beautiful hardware and software experience that you don’t see on many Android devices these days. It might be too late to recommend this device as rumours of a MX3 are already doing its rounds, but if you are looking for a compact and good looking Android device, don’t buy the specced-down Minis, but the MX2 instead and you’ll be quite satisfied.. Bharadwaj is obsessed with technology and is a self taught designer who covers news, writes features, reviews, loves to take photos and produces videos. He is currently using a review unit. You can follow him on Twitter @bharadc23 and on Google+. View all posts by Bharadwaj Chandramouli. Previous Previous post: Maxx Mobile launches 15 new devices including 4 Android smartphones and a tablet. Next Next post: Tata Docomo launches Freedom Offer in Andhra Pradesh, get 1947 MB of 2G data for Rs. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force. 
'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. Meizu MX2 packs 1.6GHz quad-core chip, 4.4-inch display and Jelly Bean, due mid-December. Amidst the fierce competition in the Chinese mobile market, Meizu has managed to keep up with its annual cycle to unveil its latest flagship device, the MX2. Announced at the launch event in Beijing earlier today, the MX2 comes with a Samsung-made 1.6GHz, Cortex-A9 quad-core SoC dubbed "MX5S," along with 2GB of RAM, a 30-percent faster GPU, a 4.4-inch 347ppi (1,280 x 800) gapless display with 3.15mm bezel and efficient "New Mode 2" technology (the description of which sounds like IGZO to us), an improved eight-megapixel BSI F/2.4 camera and a choice of 16GB, 32GB or 64GB of built-in memory. There's also a front-facing camera, dual-mic noise cancellation, MHL video output, S/PDIF audio output, a non-removable 1,800mAh battery, Bluetooth 4.0 and HSPA+ radio at 2,100MHz (2G at 900/1800). As before, the white double injection-molded back cover can be taken off to access the SIM card slot, but there should also be various color options in the near future. Read on for more info, and do also check out the official introduction video after the break.. Update: We now have some hands-on photos courtesy of Stone Ip from Engadget Chinese. They're in the second gallery below.. Gallery: Meizu MX2 packs 1.6GHz quad-core chip, 4.4-inch display and Jelly Bean, due mid-December | 12 Photos. Gallery: Meizu MX2 hands-on | 25 Photos. In terms of software, the Android phone is powered by "Flyme 2.0," which is essentially Meizu's heavily customized Jelly Bean that attempts to bring the best of both worlds. One of the 3,452 enhancements Meizu implemented is the "Smart Bar," where Meizu has somehow merged the app's bottom menu bar and the system's virtual soft key bar for the sake of screen space and intuitiveness. That said, the home button is excluded as the MX2 has a capacitive button for that (as opposed to the old dome-shaped physical button; which also begs the question as to why not just use real buttons for all three soft keys like in the olden days). Another highlight is that in addition to the existing Flyme Cloud backup and phone tracking service, Meizu's also finally launching a much-needed free video and lossless music cloud platform, and this time it's done in collaboration with legit content providers like Sina, Tencent and LeTV. As for the rest, many other old goodies have been preserved, so fans of the original Flyme OS should quickly familiarize themselves with the new phone. For those who are brave enough, the MX2 will be rootable, so feel free to mess about.. The Meizu MX2 will be available in China from mid-December, and the three memory options will be priced at ¥2,499 ($400), ¥2,999 ($480) and ¥3,999 ($640), respectively. It'll sure be a tough fight against the likes of Xiaomi and Huawei , but hey, we won't judge until we get to give the MX2 a thorough test drive.. android , android 4.1 , Android4.1 , china , featured , features , flyme , flyme 2.0 , Flyme2.0 , hands-on , jelly bean , JellyBean , meizu , meizu mx2 , MeizuMx2 , mobilepostcross , mx2 , new mode2 , NewMode2 , quad core , QuadCore , video. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Meizu MX2 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 ». need help, 31 May 2014 No sound on my meizu mx2..help please..just buy 1day ago.. ;( This happened to me when I bought it in China a few days after I bought it and it couldn't be fixed so they gave me a new one.... It's just happened to my new one though about 3 months onward.... From my memory I think it has to do with when I use the mite and vibration on/off feature that I have lost the sounds..... Real, 25 Feb 2014 Where 2 buy this phone and please be real no fakers You can get this phone from Wish on the AppStore or Play Store. Anonymous, 08 Oct 2014 How to I connect my MX2 to a TV? With a MHL adapter connect it to an available HDMI port in the TV.. how to use wifi direct ?. pls help...can't access the touch screen. need to tilt my phone everytime i use it just to access the desired buttons...pls help...badly need your suggestions/opinions....tnx. How to I connect my MX2 to a TV?. Hi just got this phone 2 days ago and I find it brilliant ! Have been using a note 2 for over a yr and broke the screen recently then was using an iPhone 4 for a while ! This phone is waaaaaay better than the iPhone and as good as the note 2 only difference is screen size not quality and battery life shorter than note if ur looking for a cheap phone with great performance this is the phone for u ?. No sound on my meizu mx2..help please..just buy 1day ago.. Where 2 buy this phone and please be real no fakers. the one being sold in israel is 4 band.. Yasir, 29 Sep 2013 I bought it from Dinodirect.com a chinese online store outlet. They are quite reliable and del... Even here #%^ chinese do advertise there stores...... vince, 28 Aug 2013 i would love to have this phone,please can one tell how do i get it? I've bought mine at liaow.com. Very responsive and friendly support chat team, btw!. vince, 28 Aug 2013 i would love to have this phone,please can one tell how do i get it? I bought it from Dinodirect.com a chinese online store outlet. They are quite reliable and delivered in time.. Someone heard about battery replacement for it?. Mine is still ok, but want to be ready if something... vince, 28 Aug 2013 i would love to have this phone,please can one tell how do i get it? Go to ibuygou.com and order it there :). i would love to have this phone,please can one tell how do i get it?. Helber Lima, 10 Feb 2013 Just one little problem... It's dualband :/ I think that no one makes dualband anymore, so bes... Anonymous, 27 May 2013 What a rip off. Iphone design with galaxy s3 specs. Cheap phone Who says cheap can't be Good?. I'd like to see a review of this phone!! You made the review of almost all China phones.. kevinkristoferk, 13 May 2013 Is there any Google play in this phone ? I really want one and I'm an international buyer. yes have google play,its a very good phone. am in china i have see the phone yesterday very good. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 ». Total of 112 user reviews and opinions for Meizu MX2 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi 2 Samsung I9100 Galaxy S II Meizu MX 4-core Samsung I9300 Galaxy S III Apple iPhone 5 Xiaomi Mi 1S. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu MX2 smartphone 4 core review from boxwill. Meizu MX2 + MIUI V5 Review and Walkthrough. Meizu MX 4-Core Unboxing and Hands-On. Samsung Galaxy S4 Hands On | גלקסי אס 4. Mali-400 (Meizu MX2) vs Adreno 320 (Nexus 4). Galaxy S III Review | סקירה גלקסי אס 3. Распаковка Meizu MX2 и первые впечатления. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Еще видео и обзоры на: http://Droider.ru http://Facebook.com/Droider http://VK.com/Droider_ru http://Twitter.com/Droider_ru В новом выпуске Обзоров без правил мы расскажем вам о Meizu MX2, который только на днях появился в продаже. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. "Утонченный" китаец - Huawei Ascend P1. Mali-400 (Meizu MX2) vs Adreno 320 (Nexus 4). Xiaomi 3 (Mi3 Tegra 4) видеообзор. Meizu MX3 vs iPhone 5S vs iPhone 5C: обзор-сравнение (review & comparison). Meizu MX3 vs Xiaomi Mi3: обзор-сравнение (review & comparison). Всем бы так! / Арстайл /. [Самый полный обзор] Google Nexus 5 идеален?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Phone specs, reviews and benchmarks, all in one place!. Sort Compare. Rocket Network: Camera Rocket Reader Rocket Tablet Rocket. vs Meizu MX2Â. older Released November, 2012. Xiaomi MI-2 Android 4.1 Jelly Bean 3G 4.3" Quad core 1.5 GHz. older Released November, 2012. Meizu MX2 Android 4.1 3G 4.4" Quad core 1.6 GHz. A newly released detail is the price - previously the MX2 was rumored to cost 2.999 yuan (about $481/â¬375) but now it looks like it could launch for 2.499 yuan (around $402/â¬313). by GSM Arena (Nov, 2012). Features Key features of the Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Meizu MX2Â. Differences What are the advantages of each. Reasons to consider the Xiaomi MI-2 Report a correction Much newer operating system Android 4.1 Jelly Bean vs Android 4.1 Newer Android OS; Get all the latest features and security updates with a more recent version Supports FM radio Yes vs No Somewhat common; Listen to music and news from local radio stations Acts as a wi-fi hotspot Yes vs No Somewhat common; Share your cellphone's data plan with other devices Better theoretical download speed 21 Mb/s vs 0.38 Mb/s Around 54.8x better theoretical download speed; enjoy lightning fast downloads on modern networks Reasons to consider the Meizu MX2 Report a correction Slightly faster processor 1.6 GHz vs 1.5 GHz More than 5% faster processor; run computation-intensive applications, such as photo editing, faster Slightly bigger screen 4.4" vs 4.3" Almost the same Slightly higher resolution 1280 x 800 vs 1280 x 720 More than 10% higher resolution Slightly lighter 142 g vs 145 g Almost the same. Specifications Full list of technical specs. screen Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Meizu MX2Â. Size 4.3" 4.4" Resolution 1280 x 720 1280 x 800 Multitouch Yes N/A PPI 341 ppi 343 ppi hardware Clock speed 1.5 GHz 1.6 GHz Number of cores Quad core Quad core RAM 2 GB 2 GB photo & video Camera 8 MP 8 MP Resolution 8 MP 8 MP Flash Yes Yes cellular Generation 3G 3G Networks HSDPA (21 Mb/s) EDGE (0.38 Mb/s) HSPA (unspecified) UMTS (0.38 Mb/s) GPRS (0.01 Mb/s) GSM (0.01 Mb/s) connectivity Acts as a wi-fi hotspot Yes No Supports NFC No No Bluetooth Bluetooth v4.0 Bluetooth v4.0. form factor Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Meizu MX2Â. Weight 145 g 142 g Thickness 10.2 mm 10.2 mm Size 62 x 126 x 10.2 mm 64.9 x 124.9 x 10.2 mm sensors Has an assisted GPS Yes Yes music Supports FM radio Yes No software Operating system Android 4.1 Jelly Bean Android 4.1 Multitasking Yes Yes App store Android Market Android Market Adobe flash support No No App store size 850,000 apps 850,000 apps battery Capacity 2,000 mAÂ·h 1,800 mAÂ·h. vs Compare. VS Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Huawei Ascend P6Â. VS $132 Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Apple iPhone 5sÂ. VS $132 Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Apple iPhone 5Â. VS Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Sony Ericsson Xperia mini proÂ. VS Meizu MX2Â. vs Xiaomi MI-2sÂ. VS Meizu MX2Â. vs Sony Xperia SPÂ. VS $132 Meizu MX2Â. vs Apple iPhone 5sÂ. VS Motorola Moto G5 PlusÂ. vs Huawei P10 LiteÂ. VS Samsung Galaxy S7Â. vs Huawei P10Â. VS Samsung Galaxy A5Â. VS Huawei P9Â. VS Huawei P8 liteÂ. vs Samsung Galaxy J5Â. VS $329 Samsung Galaxy S5Â. vs Motorola Moto G5 PlusÂ. VS $263 Apple iPhone 6Â. vs Samsung Galaxy A5Â. VS Xiaomi MI-2Â. vs Huawei Ascend P6Â. VS Meizu MX2Â. vs Xiaomi MI-2sÂ. Feedback Terms and Privacy About Blog Facebook Twitter. 
Home >> Phones >> Meizu >>MX2. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Meizu MX2 is an Android Smartphone with 1.6 GHz Quad Core Exynos 4412 Processor, 2GB of RAM, 8MP Camera and 1800 mAh Battery.. - 1.6 GHz Quad Core Exynos 4412 Processor. - 4.4 Inch 1280x800 Display. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Meizu MX2 User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Find a Store for Local Pricing and Availability. Cell phones today are more than just a way to talk to other people – they’re practically all-in-one electronic devices. You likely use your phone to send text messages, listen to music, and play games on a daily basis, to name just a few. All of these activities have one thing in common: they quickly drain your phone’s battery. Batteries Plus Bulbs can help you keep your phone charged and ready to go with our selection of Meizu MX2 chargers.. Related Products for "Meizu MX2 Cell Phone Chargers". 1 - 12 of 15 | View. Plugs into any standard wall outlet (110V). 3 foot micro USB connector cord included. 2 USB ports (1 amp & 2.1 amp). Black Micro USB Charger For Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Ideal for charging Android phones and tablets. Connect your PC peripherals such as hard drives, printers, and more. Black Micro USB Cable for Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. 3 foot Micro-USB to USB cord. 3 amp DC with two USB ports: one 2.1 amp and one 1 amp output. DC Micro-USB Charger for Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Power up any USB based device. Plug in for instant power or recharge of your device. 10.4Ah Portable Battery Charger Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Power up any USB based device. Plug in for instant power or recharge of your device. 5.2Ah Portable Battery Charger Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Power up any USB based device. Plug in for instant power or recharge of your device. 2.6Ah Portable Battery Charger Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Power up any USB based device. Plug in for instant power or recharge of your device. 7.8Ah Portable Battery Charger Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. 4 LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Black Portable Battery Charger Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Four LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Blue Portable Battery Charger Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Black Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Give your smartphone an emergency boost of power. Ultra slim and extremely lightweight & portable. Charge your smartphone via built-in micro USB cable. 2.5Ah Slim Portable Battery Charger Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. Very durable and flexible 5 inch cable. Green USB to Micro-USB 5 Inch Charge Cable for Meizu MX2 Cell Phone. We stock AC, DC, and USB Chargers for your Meizu MX2 cell phone so that you can keep your phone going no matter where you are. Use your DC charger to power your phone through your car during a long commute, then switch to the USB you keep on your desk at work. Stuck in an airport? Keep a spare AC charger to plug into any standard 110-120VAC wall outlet. Thanks to our versatile selection, you never have to fear a dead cell phone battery again.. Chargers are a phone’s best friend, but occasionally you’ll find yourself somewhere where you’re completely unable to charge your phone. Batteries Plus Bulbs has you covered there, too. We’ve got portable battery packs that can provide emergency power to your Meizu MX2 phone in a pinch.. We strive to provide the best price available on BatteriesPlus.com and in our stores. Store pricing may vary from the price advertised on BatteriesPlus.com. Fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation.. All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Duracell is a registered trademark of Duracell U.S. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... Finding the best price for the Meizu MX2 is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Meizu MX2 at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. November 2012, 5 years ago. 64.9 mm x 124.9 mm x 10.2 mm. 800 x 1280 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 20 cm away. - More smartphones with Samsung Exynos 4 Quad 4412 processor. - More smartphones with 2GB RAM memory. 12.194 Overall performance better than 5% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 9-15 GB). - More smartphones with 16GB of internal storage. 2909 Songs , 6400 Photos and 228 Videos. - More smartphones with Exmor lens model. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). - More smartphones with Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. by Rosgani Dec 7, 2012 5:49 pm 0. Meizu MX2 is now become the most talked Android smartphone, and much people is concern to this phone. As nature is indispensable to the special benefits of important models – we got a couple picture of Meizu MX2 teardown (dismantling).. Thanks to the simple design, since Meizu add a simple back cover to the MX2 machine, the back cover is very easy to open and you can open this back cover by your self without a problem.. When we open the back cover, we see the Meizu playfully Laser Marking endless variety of serial number and 3C signs, the dark golden accompanied by solid black bottom looks really very sexy and mysterious. Of course, then looking back cover also no hard to “stripped off”, use the screwdriver to get started! (Picture 04). First, we start from the lower body, unscrew the panel below to see a small plate, above the most garish of course that is affixed on the yellow transparent plastic USB interface.. Following later get that done, then we can take off shirt “unscrew fixed above version 9 screws (top middle sinking screw is hidden), we can see the general structure of the machine.. Say, the internal structure of MX2 to our first image is look like iPhone, please forgive us for such a vulgar metaphor, but here is absolutely no commendatory or derogatory meaning, can only say that is really very much similarity with the iPhone.. Next syncope, we get the battery to be removed in order to prevent electric shock.. From this figure, we can also see the MX2 a large area within the coverage of the black thermal layer. I think it is the thermal conductivity at the moment is certainly not as good as maintenance.. Also the battery before the split-off of many machine in the battery compartment, with double-sided adhesive. (Truth MX2 work is very compact, so the battery compartment looks really quite like the “warehouse”).. After removing the battery, we want to tke off the MX2 motherboard. Old steps, pulling cable and then tighten the screws, motherboard very easily to remove.. Motherboard is pull out and all the surface is covered, and this is very small motherboard but very nice design for PCB parts. While we foun the camera connector on it.. Second we remove the camera ready to dismantle the shield, it nevertheless found that the shield is welded on the PCB!. We have to carefullu to remove this part with the air soft remover tool.. After struggling to remove the shield, we can finally see the chip inside ~. Next, we take a look at that we are very concerned about the chipset.. Concluded it to the overall MX2 work is very paranoid.Whether it is a large area of black thermal layer or sealed the shield, these things have not appeared on many phones are able to see in the Meizu MX2, this very “generous” paranoid, I believe that consumers are still veryfavorite.. Both overall layout, or some small details seem to be intentionally or unintentionally, so we feel very close with the iPhone.. Well, the MX2 dismantling evaluation here. Believe that the MX2’s internal workmanship and materials used to make most people satisfied, and we read out from the dismantling of the MX2 Meizu “dream” – to make a good phone.. Buy from gearbest 5% coupon: GBALLAFF. Buy from banggood 5% coupon: b185f7. Buy from lightinthebox $10 coupon: LITB10OFF. Tags: Android smartphone Meizu MX2 Meizu MX2 teradown picture. We are Hiring experienced FULL TIME tech writers to join gizmochina.. The Lenovo S720, Android smartphone targeted for female user. The Scalpers at iPad Mini launch in Beijing. Here Are The Top Smartphone Launches Of January 2018. Meizu Pro 6 to be an “iPhone 7 Killer” claims Company VP. Elephone M2 more pictures and confirmed specs. Phone Finder Newsletter Latest Popular. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get Heavy Discounts On Various Home Appliances On Banggood Sony Shaves Off Some Bezels On The Xperia XZ2 & Xperia XZ2 Compact Samsung’s Foldable Phone Likely to Arrive as New Series. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S Is Launching On March 27: First AnTuTu Score Confirms SD845’s Powerful Performance List of Snapdragon 845 2018 Models & Their Launch Dates Just Leaked on Weibo Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Hitting China With Different Camera Configuration. Gizmochina is a technical blog about products in China and subculture which includes smartphones, electronical gadgets, and everything else that comes under the genre.. About US Join the Team Privacy Policy Contact us. Leave this field empty if you're human:. News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Sourcing Solutions Services. Membership Help. One Request, Multiple Quotes Get the App. Related Searches for meizu mx2: meizu mx3 meizu slim meizu products meizu phone price meizu x3 buy meizu phone for meizu mx065 meizu smart phone meizu m9 cell phone meizu meizu cell phone smartphone meizu matte screen protector for meizu mx2 new product mobile phone cover for meizu mx2 for meizu mx2 case More.... Home > mx2 > meizu mx2 > 107 Results. Sort By : Relevancy Transaction Level Response Rate. Response Rate: 92.0%. Tags: Quad Core | 2gb Ram 16gb Rom | 4.4 Inch Hd Screen | View larger image. Quad Core mtk6589 4.4 Inch HD Screen 2GB RAM 16GB ROM Flyme 2 8 MP Camera Russia language MEIZU MX2. US $380-390 / Piece. Tags: Meizu Mx2 | Smart Phone | Quad Core Cell Phone | View larger image. Meizu MX2 4.4 Inch 2GB RAM 16GB ROM Quad Core Phone MX2 IPS HD Screen Flyme 2 Camera 8MP 16GB GPS Original Russian. Response Rate: 17.8%. Tags: Meizu M2 | Meizu M2 16gb | View larger image. Original Meizu M2 4G FDD LTE Dual SIM Mobile Phone 5.0" 1280 x 720P MTK MT6735 Octa Core Android 5.0 Lollipop 2GB RAM 13MP. US $100-120 / Piece. Response Rate: 64.8%. Tags: Import Phone Accessroy For Meizu Mx2 | Phone Cover | Super Frosted Shield | View larger image. For MEIZU MX2 Super Frosted Shield mobile phone shell. Response Rate: 64.8%. Tags: Case For Meizu Mx2 | Flip Case For Meizu Mx2 | Leather Flip Case For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Ice Silk Pattern Wholesale Ultra Leather Flip Case for Meizu Mx2 , Mobile Phone Case for Meizu Mx2 with Card Slot and Stand. US $1.65-3.69 / Piece. Response Rate: 65.6%. Tags: For Meizu Mx2 Phone | Phone Case For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Blank 3D Sublimation Phone Case For MEIZU MX2 ,Heating Transfer Plastic Phone Case Blank 3D,Accept Custom For MEIZU Cover. US $0.4-0.6 / Piece. Shenzhen Football Kids Ecolife Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 68.6%. Tags: Flip Case Cover For Meizu Mx4 | Leather Case For Meizi Mx3 | Flip Wallet Case For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Leather Wallet Credit Card Protector Flip Cover Case Etui Coque for Meizu MX4 MX3 MX2. Response Rate: 97.4%. Tags: Mobile Phone Case For Meizu Mx2 | Mobile Phone Cover For Meizu Mx2 | Leather Case For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Leather mobile phone Case For meizu MX2 ,Flip cell phone cover For meizu MX2. US $0.99-1.5 / Piece. Response Rate: 50.6%. Tags: 3d Sublimation Case | 3d Sublimation Case For Meizu Mx2 | Vacuum Printing | View larger image. 2017 dye sublimation Vacuum printing 3d sublimation case for MEIZU MX2. US $0.3-1.5 / Piece. Response Rate: 53.7%. Tags: Oil Phone Case | Aluminum] Bumper Cover | China Factory For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. oil leather pc +aluminum metal bumper mobile phone accessories for r MEIZU MX2. US $1.5-1.6 / Piece. Guangzhou BT Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 48.1%. Tags: Wallet Case For Lenovo Phab2 Pro | Back Cover For Wileyfox Swift 2 | Case Cover For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. promotional items china leather wallet case for lenovo phab2 pro,back cover for wileyfox swift 2,case cover for meizu mx2. US $1.35-1.45 / Piece. Guangzhou Ixiangzhe Leather Case Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 17.8%. Tags: Meizu M2 Note | Meizu M2 | View larger image. Original meizu m2 note MTK6753 Octa Core M464U 5.5" Android 5.0 1080P FDD LTE 4G 13MP 2G RAM 13MP Meizu Note 2 Phone 3100mAh. US $130-140 / Piece. Tags: Meizu Mobile Phone | Exynos4412 Quad Core | Android Phone | View larger image. Meizu MX2 Cheapest Original Quad Core Phone Exynos 4412 Android 4.2 Phone 2G Ram 16G/32G/64G Gorilla Glass. Response Rate: 83.3%. Tags: High Quality Mobile Phone Leather Case For Meizu Mx2 Wallet Case | Mobile Phone Leather Case For Meizu Mx2 | Wallet Leather Case For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Mobile phone leather case for Meizu MX2 wallet case. US $4-4.8 / Piece. Response Rate: 11.8%. Tags: For Meizu Mx2 Case | View larger image. Soft hand feeling smart cover for meizu mx2 case, meizu mx2 case. US $1.7-2.1 / Piece. Dongguan Pengxiang Plastic Mold Product Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 62.1%. Tags: Flip Cover Case For Meizu Mx2 | For Meizu Mx2 Wallet Case | For Meizu Mx2 Wallet Case Lichee Leather | View larger image. flip cover case for Meizu MX2 wallet case with Starter Edition lichee leather 2 business card holder. US $3.6-4.9 / Piece. Response Rate: 52.9%. Tags: Cover For Meizu Mx2 | Tpu Case For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. S-line TPU Case for Meizu MX2 Wave Curve Gel Cover. US $0.34-0.64 / Piece. Response Rate: 68.6%. Tags: Case For Meizu Mx4 | Flip Case For Meizu Mx3 | View larger image. PU Leather Slot Wallet Stand Flip Case Cover Cell Phone Capa Para for Meizu MX4 MX3 MX2. Tags: Meizu Mx2 Cellphone | Mx2 Meizu | Meizu Phone | View larger image. Original MEIZU MX2 phone Quad Core 16G ROM 4.4 Inch HD Screen 1080P 8MP Camera 16G. Response Rate: 50.6%. Tags: 3d Phone Case For Meizu Mx5 | Sublimation 3d Phone Case For Meizu Mx4 | Sublimation Phone Case For Meizu Mx5 | View larger image. Factory Wholesale Sublimation 3D Phone Case for MEIZU MX4 MX5 MX2 MX3. US $0.5-1 / Piece. Response Rate: 64.8%. Tags: For Meizu Mx3 Mobile Phone Shell | Flip Leather | Fresh Series Leather Case | View larger image. For MEIZU MX2 Fresh Series Leather Case. Response Rate: 65.6%. Tags: Case For Meizu | Mobile Phone Case | Custom Design Case | View larger image. customized design for Meizu MX2 case ,case for MEIZU pc Mobile phone cases china supplier. US $0.8-3 / Piece. Shenzhen Football Kids Ecolife Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 52.9%. Tags: Bumper Case For Meizu Mx4 Pro | Slim Metal Aluminium Bumper Case Cover | View larger image. Factory price for Meizu Mx4 pro case ,for Meizu Mx4 pro cell phone case, Slim Metal Aluminium bumper case for Meizu Mx4 pro. US $1.1-4.5 / Piece. Tags: Meizu Mx3 | Exynos 5410 Octa Core | View larger image. 5.1 inch MEIZU MX3 Octa Core Smartphone MEIZU MX3 2GB RAM 16GB ROM Flyme3.0 Micro SIM 8.0MP. Response Rate: 46.2%. Tags: Mobile Phone Explosion Proof 2.5d Tempered Glass For Meizu Mx2 | Mobile Phone Explosion Proof 2.5d Screen Protector For Meizu Mx2 | Mobile Phone Explosion Proof 2.5d Tempered Glass Screen Protector | View larger image. Mobile phone explosion proof 2.5D tempered glass screen protector for Meizu mx2. US $0.25-1.5 / Piece. Guangzhou Bingo Electronics Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 76.4%. Tags: Ultimate Explosion-proof Screen Protector | Hd Clear Ultimate Explosion-proof Screen Protector | Ultimate Explosion-proof Screen Protector For Meizu | View larger image. Newly Products 9H HD Clear experience Ultimate explosion-proof screen protector for MEIZU MX2. US $0.26-0.27 / Piece. Shenzhen Qi Wei Da Digital Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 60.2%. Tags: Toughened Glass Shield | Glass Screen Film | Mobile Phone Protective Film For Mx2 | View larger image. Hot selling screen film 0.4mm 2.5D toughened glass shield for Meizu MX2. Response Rate: 56.6%. Tags: For Meizu Mx2 | Lcd Screen For Meizu Mx2 | For Meizu Mx2 Lcd | View larger image. Original Replacement Lcd Screen For Meizu Mx2. Response Rate: 76.7%. Tags: 4.4 Inch Lcd Screen For Meizu Mx2 | For Ls044k3sx01 Lcd Screen | Chnia Wholesale 4.4 Inch Lcd Screen | View larger image. 4.4 inch New Original LCD Screen for Meizu MX2 LS044K3SX01 1280*768 Capacitive Screen China Wholesale. US $12-30 / Piece. Shenzhen Jinguanglian Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 75.0%. Tags: Tempered Glass For Meizu Mx2 | Tempered Glass Toughened Scratch Screen Protector | 9h 0.25mm Premium Tempered Glass For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Premium Ultrathin 0.25mm 9H 2.5D Anti-scratch Tempered Glass Screen Protector for MEIZU MX2. US $0.65-0.7 / Piece. Response Rate: 72.7%. Tags: Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Premium 0.3mm 9H 2.5D Tempered Glass screen protector for Meizu MX2. US $0.13-0.28 / Piece. Shenzhen City Paiwei Technology Co., Limited. Response Rate: 47.6%. Tags: Lcd Digitizer Screen For Meizu Mx2 | Lcd Touch Screen For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Replacement LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer for Meizu MX2. Response Rate: 90.6%. Tags: For Meizu Mx2 Lcd Assembly | For Meizu Mx2 Lcd | View larger image. Replacement LCD ASSEMBLY For Meizu MX2. US $1-16.99 / Piece. Shenzhen Mintech Weiye Tech Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 64.5%. Tags: Lcd With Digitizer For Meizu Mx2 | Lcd With Touch Screen For Meizu Mx2 | Lcd Assembly For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. LCD complete Assembly Top quality LCD with touch screen Digitizer For Meizu MX2. US $1-25 / Piece. Response Rate: 58.6%. Tags: Lcd For Meizu Mx2 | Lcd Display For Meizu Mx2 | Lcd Display For Meizu | View larger image. LCD Display For Meizu MX2. US $1-17 / Piece. Tags: Anti-blue Ray Tempered Glass For Meizu Mx2 | 9h Asahi Tempered Glass For Meizu Mx2 | View larger image. Anti-Blue Ray 9H Asahi Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu Mx2. US $0.2-0.8 / Pieces. Response Rate: 51.1%. Tags: Wholesale China For Meizu Mx2 Power Mute Volume Button Switch Connector Flex Ribbon Cable | For Meizu Mx2 Power + Volume + Mute Buttons Flex Ribbon Cable | Power/volume Button Flex Replacement For Meizu Mx2 On / Off Power Flex Cable | View larger image. Power button flex cable ribbon Replacement repair part for meizu mx2. Guangzhou Ming Mao Electronic Technology Co., Limited. Response Rate: 35.6%. Tags: Touch Digitizer Assembly For Meizu Note 2 | Lcd Display Screen + Touch Digitizer Assembly For Meizu Mx4 | Mx2 Touch Lcd Assmembly | View larger image. repair cellphone meizu MX2 /MX3/MX4/Note2/Note/MX4 Pro touch+lcd screen assembly. US $5-35 / Piece. Shenzhen Trusting Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 30.0%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Mx5 Assembly Replacement Lcd Display Touch Screen Panel | Mobile Phone Capacitive Lcd Display Touch Screen Panel For Meizu M2 Mx5 | Cellphone Lcd Display Touch Screen Panel For Meizu M2 Mx5 | View larger image. High Quality 100% Tested LCD Assembly Digitizer tempered For Meizu M2 note MX2 M040 MX4 MX5. Response Rate: 52.5%. Tags: Blank Ploymer Phone Case For Meizu Mx2 | 3d Phone Case For Meizu Mx2 | Phone Case Manufacturer | View larger image. phone case manufacturer 3d blank polymer phone case for Meizu MX2. US $0.4-0.6 / Piece. Response Rate: 68.6%. Tags: Leather Flip Case For Meizu Mx5 | Flip Cover Case For Meizu Mx5 | Book Case For Meizu Mx5 | View larger image. Denim Phone Card Holder Protective PU Leather Flip Cover Book Case for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5. Response Rate: 64.8%. Tags: For Meizu Mx4 | View larger image. For MEIZU MX4 Super Frosted Shield mobile phone shell. Prev 1 2 3 Next. Haven't found the right supplier yet ? Let matching verified suppliers find you. Do you want to show meizu mx2 or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!. Minimum Order: OK. Onsite Checked (Advanced) A&V Checked (Basic). US$2.5 Million - US$5 Million (24). US$1 Million - US$2.5 Million (23). US$5 Million - US$10 Million (13). US$10 Million - US$50 Million (10). US$50 Million - US$100 Million (8). China gbox mx2 China display meizu mx2 China meizu mx2 black. Download: Available on the App Store Available on Android. Follow Us: Facebook Twitter Youtube In. Alibaba.com Site: International - Español - Português - Deutsch - Français - Italiano - हिंदी - Pусский - 한국어 - 日本語 - اللغة العربية - ภาษาไทย - Türk - Nederlands - tiếng Việt - Indonesian - עברית. Alibaba Group | Taobao Marketplace | Tmall.com | Juhuasuan | AliExpress | Alibaba.com | 1688.com | Alimama | Fliggy | Taobao Global Alibaba Cloud | AliOS | AliTelecom | Autonavi | UCWeb | Umeng | Xiami | DingTalk | Alipay | Lazada. Browse Alphabetically: Onetouch | Showroom | Country Search | Suppliers | Wholesaler | Affiliate. Product Listing Policy - Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your Meizu MX2. When I order an Unlock Code for my Meizu MX2, what will I receive?. With all Meizu MX2 Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. Please select the Network your MX2 is locked to:. Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa (Islands) Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman (Islands) Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Cook (Islands) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji (Islands) Finland France French Guyana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada (Island) Guadeloupe Guam (Island) Guatemala Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Monténégro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion (Island) Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Lucia Saint-Barthélemy Saint-Kitts and Nevis Saint-Pierre and Miquelon Saint-Vincent Samoa (Islands) San Marino San Marteen (French Part) Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles (Islands) Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos (Islands) Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States - USA Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe. I don't know the name and country of the original network provider. I accept the Terms & Conditions. Important: Select the Current Network your Meizu MX2 is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. Insert SIM card from a source different than your original Service Provider (i.e. if you have a Rogers phone, use a non-Rogers SIM card),. Phone will ask you to enter Sim unlock pin. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock Meizu MX2 ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by Meizu. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
Earpiece Ear Sound Speaker Buzzer Receiver For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 PRO MX5 PRO5 PRO6 M1 M2 M3 Note M3S M1 Metal. 10X SIM Card Holder Slot Socket Connector Module For Sony LT22 LT22i LT30 LT30i LT30p Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 Tray Holder Slot. YuXi Volume Button Flex Cable For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 PRO MX5 PRO For Meilan M2 M3 Note Note 2 Metal Power On Off Key Flex Cable. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 2pcs for Meizu MX2 M040 M8 M9 MX3 New original Earpiece Speaker for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX4 Pro Pro 6. Replacement For Xperia P LT22 LT22i LT30 LT30i LT30p for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 Sim Card Reader Pins Module Holder. 2pcs/lot New earpiece Ear Speaker Replacement for Meizu MX2 M040 M8 MX3 M353 M351 M045 Blackberry Z10 Q10 9360 9790 High quality. 1pcs new Power Volume switch Button Flex Cable for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5 MX6 pro4 pro5 pro6 MX4 pro MX5 pro MX6 pro. In Stock High Quality Phone Signal Coaxial Cable For Meizu Mx2 Quad Core Android 4.1 3G 4.4 Inch Smart Mobile Phone. 50X Original SIM Card Reader Holder Slot Tray Socket Connector Module For Sony LT22 LT22i LT30 LT30i LT30p For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4. Jing Cheng Da 1pcs For MeiZu MX2 Power Efficient on/ off Flex Cable FPC Button Smart Cell Phone High quality WP-219. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. Jing Cheng Da For meizu mx2 mx 2 New Power on/off Switch Button Flex Cable Repair Parts WP-219. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. XGE Brand New USB Charging Port Dock Connector Board Flex Cable replacement For Meizu MX4 MX4pro MX2 MX3 Meilan M1 note note2. 10pcs new Power Volume switch Button Flex Cable for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5 MX6 pro4 pro5 pro6 MX4 pro MX5 pro MX6 pro. YuXi Speaker Earpiece Loudspeaker Buzzer for Blackberry Z10 Q10 9360 Meizu MX2 M040 M8 M9 MX3 M353 M351 M045. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 2PCS SIM Card Reader Holder Micro Card Socket Slot Tray Connector For Meizu MX2 / MX3 /MX4 / MX4 Pro. High Quality Brand New Power on/ off Flex Cable For MeiZu MX2 FPC Button Smart Cell Phone. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. New repair replacement SIM card holder socket fit for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX4 Pro MX4PRO. JAKCOM CS2 Smart Carryon Speaker hot sale in Mobile Phone Flex Cables as xiomi redmi note 4 meizu mx2 china phone. XGE New earpiece Ear speaker receiver Replacement for Meizu MX2 M040 M8 MX3 M353 M351 M045. New repair replacement SIM card holder socket fit for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX4 Pro. YuXi earpiece Ear speaker Replacement for Meizu MX2 M040 M8 MX3 M353 M351 M045 15*8*1.5mm. Original New USB Charger Dock Connector USB Charging Port Flex Cable For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5 MX5 Pro. YuXi Power on/ off Flex Cable For MeiZu MX2 FPC Button Smart Cell Phone. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 5pcs/lot XGE New USB Charging Port Charger Dock Connector Repair Replacement for MEIZU MX2 MX M040 M045 High quality. 10pcs/lot New USB Charging Port Charger Dock Connector Replacement for MEIZU MX2 MX M040 M045 High quality. JAKCOM CS2 Smart Carryon Speaker hot sale in Mobile Phone Flex Cables as meizu mx2 one plus 5 nubia. In stock ! 1pcs For meizu mx2 mx3 New Loud Speaker LoudSpeaker Music speaker Repair Parts. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. High Quality For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 PRO MX5 PRO5 PRO6 Earpice Ear piece Loud Speaker For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M3S Metal Note. 10pcs/lot Replacement For Xperia P LT22 LT22i LT30 LT30i LT30p for Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 Sim Card Reader Pins Module Holder. Sport Running Bluetooth Earphone For Meizu MX2 Earbuds Headsets With Microphone Wireless Earphones. 2pcs/lot XGE New earpiece Ear Speaker receiver Replacement for Meizu MX2 M040 M8 MX3 M353 M351 M045 High quality. via China Post Registered Air Mail. Original Meizu MX2 Loudspeaker with antenna,Free Shipping. 10pcs/Lot,Earpiece Speaker For Meizu MX5 MX1 MX2 MX3 MX4 MX4 Pro MX5 MX5 Pro MX6 Pro 6 Meilan M1 M2 mini M3 M3s M2 Note M3 Note. 20x Speaker Earpiece Loudspeaker Buzzer for Blackberry Z10 Q10 9360 Meizu MX2 M040 M8 M9 MX3 M353 M351 M045. Jing Cheng Da Micro USB Power Charging Port Socket Connector Tail plug For Meizu MX1 MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5 Meilan Meizu blue note. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. HAOYUAN.P.W USB Dock Charging Port Microphone Connector Flex Cable Board for Meizu MX2 ,MX3,MX4,MX4 Pro. Sim Card Holder Micro CARD Socket Slot Tray Connector for MEIZU MX2 MX3 MX4 MX4 PRO / FOR Sony Ericsson lt22im040 m045 mx2lt30. QiAN SiMAi Micro USB Power Charging Port Socket Connector Tail plug For Meizu MX1 MX2 MX3 MX4 MX5 Meilan Meizu blue note. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. JAKCOM SE2 Professional Sports Bluetooth Earphone hot sale in Mobile Phone Flex Cables as mobile phone button meizu mx2 mi max 2. Jing Cheng Da 1pcs Brand New earpiece Handset Receiver speaker replacement for Meizu 2 MX2 cell phone High-quality. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 100% New Front Top Earpiece Ear Speaker Sound Receiver For Meizu MX2 MX3 MX4 PRO MX5 MX6 PRO5 PRO6 M1 Metal M2 M3 M5 Note M3S. WP-219 For meizu mx2 mx 2 New Power on/off Switch Button Flex Cable Repair Parts. via China Post Ordinary Small Packet Plus. 10pcs/lot New USB Charging Port Charger Dock Connector Replacement for MEIZU MX2 MX M040 M045 High quality. JAKCOM CS2 Smart Carryon Speaker hot sale in Mobile Phone Flex Cables as meizu mx2 one plus 5 nubia. Best buy multiple price choices for meizu mx2 on Aliexpress.com. We offer about 604 related meizu mx2 results. Based on the data, about 442 products are free shipping.. Different brands maybe bring you diverse experience. Choose meizu mx2 ranging from various reputed brands like XGE , YuXi , E-KINLIN , New625 , ChengHaoRan , lotusjuin , Jing Cheng Da , KEFU , DDONG(电子设备) , weeten and more.. Shop meizu mx2 online at best & reasonable prices on Aliexpress.com. Customer Service , Disputes & Reports , Making Payment , Delivery Options , Buyer Protection , New User Guide , Report IPR infringement. Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish. All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Retail , Reviews. Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Xiami , AliOS , 1688. Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2018 AliExpress.com. 
Home › Meizu › MX2 Meizu MX2 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Meizu MX2 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Meizu MX2 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 64.9 x 124.9 x 10.2 mm Weight : 142 g SoC : Samsung Exynos 4 Quad 4412 CPU : ARM Cortex-A9, 1600 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP4, 533 MHz, Cores : 4 RAM : 2 GB, 400 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB, 64 GB Display : 4.4 in, LCD, 800 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1800 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.1.1 Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Meizu Model MX2 Model alias M040 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 64.9 mm (millimeters) 6.49 cm (centimeters) 0.21 ft (feet) 2.56 in (inches) Height 124.9 mm (millimeters) 12.49 cm (centimeters) 0.41 ft (feet) 4.92 in (inches) Thickness 10.2 mm (millimeters) 1.02 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.4 in (inches) Weight 142 g (grams) 0.31 lbs (pounds) 5.01 oz (ounces) Volume 82.68 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.02 in³ (cubic inches) Colors White SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz UMTS UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21.6 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 4.1.1 Android 4.4 KitKat User interface (UI) Flyme 2.0 System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Samsung Exynos 4 Quad 4412 Process technology 32 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A9 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 1024 KB (kilobytes) 1 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1600 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP4 GPU cores 4 GPU frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM channels Double channel RAM frequency 400 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) 32 GB (gigabytes) 64 GB (gigabytes) Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology LCD Diagonal size 4.4 in (inches) 111.76 mm (millimeters) 11.18 cm (centimeters) Width 2.33 in (inches) 59.23 mm (millimeters) 5.92 cm (centimeters) Height 3.73 in (inches) 94.77 mm (millimeters) 9.48 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.6:1 16:10 Resolution 800 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 343 ppi (pixels per inch) 134 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 69.48 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS BSI (backside illumination) Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Panorama Face detection Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) 1.2 MP Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio No Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Host Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) M4A (MPEG-4 Audio, .m4a) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) Flash Video (.flv, .f4v, .f4p, .f4a, .f4b) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) QuickTime (.mov, .qt) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) MPEG-4 Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 1800 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 13 h (hours) 780 min (minutes) 0.5 days 2G stand-by time 380 h (hours) 22800 min (minutes) 15.8 days 3G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 3G stand-by time 330 h (hours) 19800 min (minutes) 13.8 days Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. Name and version of the user interface (UI) used by the operating system (OS).. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 64.9 x 124.9 x 10.2 mm Weight : 142 g SoC : Samsung Exynos 4 Quad 4412 CPU : ARM Cortex-A9, 1600 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP4, 533 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 400 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB, 64 GB Display : 4.4 in, LCD, 800 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1800 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.1.1 Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Top 9 Samsung Galaxy S9 features. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus hands-on: Express yourself. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact hands-on. Top 5 Sony Xperia XZ2 features. Meizu MX3 is rumored to feature an Exynos 5 Octa processor. A new rumor has surfaced indicating that the Meizu MX3 will feature a 5.1-inch display with a 1920 x 1200 display and a powerful Exynos 5 Octa processor.. by Andrew Grush March 20, 2013. Meizu MX2 goes on sale in China, Hong Kong and Russia starting at $387. Although it may not be as exciting as Oppo’s Find 5 or ZTE’s Nubia Z5, the Meizu MX2 is still one of the coolest Android smartphones to come out from someone other than the .... by Adrian December 20, 2012. Meizu MX2 goes official: 4.4-inch gapless display, 1.6 GHz quad-core chip and Jelly Bean for just $400. Huawei, Xiaomi and ZTE have all announced or teased quite the beasts lately and it’s now Meizu’s turn to be in the spotlight. In fact, Meizu has been in the center of attention for a .... by Adrian November 27, 2012. Meizu MX2: Everything you need to know before the launch. China’s Meizu is getting prepared to launch the flagship Meizu MX2 tomorrow in Beijing, but if you can’t wait that long for the full rundown, we have all the details right here!. by Andi Sykes November 26, 2012. News Vivo APEX hands-on: The next step in the evolution of fingerprint sensors. Features Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus vs Pixel 2 XL: Two of the best. Meizu MX2 pictured again, rumored starting price drops to just $402. Though it’s still not a name to be reckoned with in the global smartphone world, Meizu sure knows how to build the hype around its flagship devices. The MX2 phone is to be unveiled on .... by Adrian November 22, 2012. Meizu MX2 will start at just $417 for a 16GB version?. Although the Meizu MX2 doesn't launch until November 17th in Beijing, we already seem know quite a bit about the upcoming smartphone. Not only is it believed to have quad-core power .... by Andrew Grush November 16, 2012. Meizu MX2 pictured ahead of November 27 media event. Meizu is about to release yet another iPhone-like-ish Android handset, the MX2, which has its own special media event set for November 27. And it looks like the Chinese Android handset .... by Chris Smith November 15, 2012. Meizu MX2 coming on November 13 with quad-core Exynos CPU, 2 GB of RAM and up to 64 GB of storage. While many big-time Western-based smartphone manufacturers are simply struggling to survive, the smaller Chinese companies are growing and growing. And not just in the low-range .... by Adrian November 12, 2012. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Install ADB driver for Meizu MX2 under. This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged ADB , Android , Meizu , MX2 by wk29. Posted on 2013/07/05 by wk29. Connected Meizu MX2 to the computer and driver install failed. In Device Manager , M040 appeared under Other devices. In Properties -> Details -> Hardware Ids , the value is:. Add the following lines after [Google.NTx86] for x86 or after [Google.NTamd64] for x64:. 3 thoughts on “ Install ADB driver for Meizu MX2 under. Nuno on 2014/08/08 at 18:24 said:. Did the same, but not working on my MX3, still not being recognized by Android Studio 😦 Any hint why? Thanks!. wk29 on 2014/10/01 at 23:16 said:. You can try installing the driver manually .. Lam on 2015/11/12 at 15:10 said:. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:. Email (required) (Address never made public). You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. You are commenting using your Twitter account. You are commenting using your Facebook account. You are commenting using your Google+ account. Notify me of new comments via email.. Notify me of new posts via email.. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.. 
Meizufans would have never been such a success story without the people behind it.. It has been a great and wonderful time with everyone on board. It was you to carry Meizufans on when everything seemed hopeless. It was you to make the site raise to unknown heights. There have been big hopes with Meizu's new manager, however he is just as dissapointing as the previous one used to be. This is the very exact reason why I have decided to terminate all operations. Meizufans used to be a site from fans for fans. Being such, means to have a passion for something you like, a passion which I lost. Thanks for the great memories, the new people I have met and the experiences I have made. There are no backups of the site!. What will happen with my account data like emails, IPs or uploads?. At the time you are reading this message, the entire server has been wiped clean. All databases, files and everything else related to Meizufans has been deleted without being able to restore it. This does include Google Analytics as well.. Will you start new projects, is there any chance to stay in touch and what is your next phone?. Depending how much time I have, I always work on new things. For the next time I want to get some rest, though. Meizufans has been a very long and exhausting chapter, so I think I deserved myself some vacation after 4 years, 3 months, 5 days and 30 minutes of service. To answer the question about staying in touch with me - I want and need some time for myself. Not that I dislike you, however, I decided to back out fully. This is also the reason why I deleted stuff like my LinkedIn profile and will no longer attend the Telegram group. I've already got a new one - Smartisan Nut Pro 2.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Meizu MX2 unveiled as iPhone mimicking Android smartphone. Meizu has officially unveiled its latest handset in the Meizu MX2, an Android 4.1 Jelly Bean smartphone that looks strangely similar to the Apple iPhone 5 and iPod touch .. Meizu, a Chinese OEM specialising in Android devices, has a long history of turning out products that strongly resemble the touchscreen tech coming out of Cupertino, but seems to avoid legal action by keeping its releases confined to the Far East – at least officially.. Anyone from the UK who wants to get his or her hands on a Meizu MX2 Android phone will probably have to find it through an importer, or hop on a plane to China.. Meizu MX2 Specs The Meizu MX2 looks attractive on paper as well as in its official photos. There’s a 1.6GHz Samsung quad-core processor on board alongside 2GB of RAM, plus an 8-megapixel camera with an integrated LED flash.. Further enhancing the Meizu MX2 specs sheet, a 4.4-inch screen with a 1280 x 800p HD resolution features on the iPhone-esque device.. Meizu MX2 Release Date and Price Meizu has also fitted the Meizu MX2 with a custom Android user interface that looks to add several unique features to the stock Android experience. The MX2 will hit Chinese stores in mid-December.. Buyers will have a choice between models with 16GB, 32GB and 64GB of built-in storage (priced in China at $399, $479 and $639 respectively).. Would you trust a Chinese OEM to deliver a quality Android product, or is the Meizu MX2 just another cheaply-made rip-off of better phones? Share your thoughts on the matter with us via the Trusted Reviews Twitter and Facebook feeds or through the comment boxes below.. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. 
See, read, apply and share for all android user. View Fordroid’s profile on Facebook View ucupbudug’s profile on Twitter. Phones specs & price – FORDROID Asus ZenFone 3 ZE552KL Specs & Reviews Firmware – FORDROID Huawei G Play Mini CHC-U01 Firmware (Android 5.1.1 Lollipop,EMUI 3.1,C636B330,Southeast Asia,Channel-Others) September 18, 2016 Huawei Honor 4C CHC-U01 Firmware (Android 5.1.1 Lollipop,EMUI 3.1,C636B330,Southeast Asia,Channel-Others) September 18, 2016 HUAWEI P8 GRA-UL10 Stock Firmware (Android 5.0 Lollipop ,EMUI 3.1,V100R001C900B141) September 18, 2016 HUAWEI P8 GRA-UL00 Stock Firmware (Android 5.0 Lollipop ,EMUI 3.1,V100R001C900B141) September 18, 2016 LG G Flex D950 Stock KDZ Firmware September 16, 2016 Apk – FORDROID An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. June 8, 2017 Android Phone Firmware , Meizu Phone Firmware. How To Flash Meizu MX2 Firmware. if you need try using update Meizu MX2 firmware using FlashFire -> Read here. How to unbricking Meizu MX2 ? Read Here. Do not forget that sometimes recommended a full reset (format) , so as not to bring the tails of the previous firmware. Download the correct firmware (all links are in the header of the theme of your phone). Please Note that even though this statement is essentially universal, but it is subject to Meizu MX2 and when you go out of your order on your device, then keep in mind that the files must be taken from their phone model and not on the Meizu MX2. The same is true if you do not understand something and you ask questions about the topic. Do not forget to return to the theme of your phone. Strictly abide by the name of “update” and extension “.zip”, If the name is not correct in recovery see the words “Firmware not found”. Do not forget to check the integrity of the file. Note that even MD5 checking the firmware file there is a theoretical possibility that when you copy a file to the phone will not be copied completely.It is better to once again verify the MD5 on the phone (unfortunately does not work in the 3rd version of the installation because the file is temporary and will be deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri, but on the computer after copying to the folder G:Recovery , we can still check MD5). MD5 can synchronize the phone also using various applications. I have been using Solid Explorer File Manager. Starting updates /Downgrade/Repair firmware Meizu MX2. This is the official firmware or stock rom to update Meizu MX2 phone. You can also solve problems like hardbrick, bootloop, remove virus, unroot, hard reset/rollback/Downgrade firmware Meizu MX2 phone. You need to know that some firmware may need to unlock the bootloader before it can be installed firmware. And if your device does not have any changes after flashing, please check the hardware part such as MMC, or if have access problom to Google apps you can flash this gapps.zip. 1) Please do not upgrade Meizu MX2 with non-official firmware. 2) Upgrading international version phone with the mainland China Simple Chinese version firmware may lead to compatibility issues. 3) Before upgrading, check that the battery has at least 20% capacity. 4) Selecting “Clear data” will delete all personal data ( such as Notes, Email, and Contacts); whereas the internal storage for Music and Camera photos …etc. 5) Already opened system permission (ROOT), the user must select “Clear Data” to clear phone data for firmware upgrade, Otherwise, it may cause abnormal system or application error ;. 6) After upgrading the firmware, if system reboot or application force close, please try to reset your phone or re-upgrading (Settings-> phone->Storage->Factory reset to reset the phone). Place the root of the internal memory “update.zip” file. Sign in to Windows Explorer / File Manager / documents (depending on the friendly slang). Press / tapnut / click (depending on the friendly slang) to update.zip.. Choose whether or not the “Clear data” “clear data” (wipe / wipe / formatting system cache and data). The data files with photos, video, music, games, documents, and so on. “update.zip” firmware file must be located in the root of the internal memory.. 3.Hold the “power + volume up” button to enter the “recovery”. Choose whether or not “clear data” “clear data” and click “Next”, “the next”. Press the “power + volume up” to enter the “recovery” (hold the button just before the inscription meizu, then release both buttons, or well enough to let go of “power” button). Connect your Meizu MX2 to a computer, causing the folder appears the G: “recovery”. In this folder copy the firmware file in the format “update.zip”. After copying the file, without fail disconnect your Meizu MX2 from the computer. Choose whether or not to clear data “clear data” and click Next “next”. Note: keep in mind the temporary file and deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri.. Downgrade (to return later to an earlier version of the firmware) is possible by any embodiment of the above. The main thing is that the process of transition to a newer firmware (for example, 4.5.2) to older (for example, 4.2.8.2) accompanied by data cleaning. In any case, I recommend the third option. And there is a solution for you. There are certainly exceptions for rollback. The logic is not revealed until the end, but overall will zoom through the very first firmware. in fact roll back is possible through preset at the factory firmware. For example, a plant stood firmware 4.0.3, the rollback will be done through it. The difficulty lies in the fact that sellers are often the factory firmware is reset, and then have to choose the firmware manually.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window). Previous Previous post: Meizu MX Firmware. Next Next post: Meizu MX3 Stock Rom. 148 spam blocked by Akismet. Create a website or blog at WordPress.com. Privacy & Cookies : Fordroid uses cookies.. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy Our Cookie Policy. 
Quizzes Lists Trending Games. Sign up / Login. This is the link to YOUR page on Revolvy. By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy. 
