GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 150.7 x 75.3 x 8.2 mm (5.93 x 2.96 x 0.32 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 82.6 cm 2 (~72.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~403 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Basemark OS II: 943 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1039 Basemark X: 8526. Contrast ratio: 780 (nominal), 2.675 (sunlight). Voice 68dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 73dB. Also known as Meizu Blue Charm Metal. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M1 Metal - user opinions and reviews. Yes working T-Mobile in USA ok. Still trying to figure out sd card. Apparently it might fit in extra sim card slot??. soooo you mean to say Android 5.1.1 is not actually Android? ok. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Meizu M3 Note Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Meizu M2 Note Meizu MX4 Pro Meizu M6 Note. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu m1. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu m1 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m1 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. iPaky Hybrid Hard Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Case Cover For Meizu M1 M2 M3 Note MX5. For Meizu M1 / M2 / M3 Note/ M3s Premium Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film AR. Cases For Meizu MX4 MX5 Pro M2 Mini Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Star Marble Skins. 2X Screen Protector REAL Tempered Glass Film For Meizu Pro6/MX6/M2 Note/M3 Max. Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M2 Mini M3 Note Pro 6 MX5 U20. 5.5for Meizu M1 Metal Case For Meizu M1 Metal m57a Cell Phone back Cover Case. Flip Wallet Magnetic Card Leather Case Cover For Meizu MX5 MX6 Pro6 M2 M3 Note. Transparent 9H Temper Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu M1/M2/M3 Note/M3s TW. 2Pcs 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Cover for MeiZu Cell Phone. For Meizu M1 M2 M3 Note M2 mini M3 Max Tempered Glass Cover Screen Protect film. Black NEW LCD Display+Touch Screen Digitizer For Meizu Meilan Note M1 Note 5.5''. SHOCKPROOF KICK-STAND HARD CASE COVER FOR MEIZU M1 M3 M5 M5S NOTE MX5 MX6 PRO 6. For Meizu Meilan M1 Note LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Aeesmbly Black. For 5.5'' Meizu Meilan Note M1 Note M463 LCD Screen Touch Digitizer Assembly. MEIZU M1 NOTE CASE - AMZER PUDDING TPU MATTE FINISH BACK FIT PROTECTIVE COVER. For Meizu M1 Meilan Note 5.5 Luxury Crocodile Snake PU Leather Hard Case Cover. MAGNETIC FLIP STAND CARD LEATHER CASE FOR MEIZU M1 M2 M3 M5 NOTE MX6 MX5 6 PRO. 2pcs For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M3X M3E 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Ultra Thin Slim Transparent Clear Crystal TPU Gel Case Cover Universal Back Skin. 9H Real Tempered Glass Screen Protective Film For Meizu M1/M2/M3 Note/M3s AR. For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note U20 Case Soft TPU Protective Back Cover Cats Friends. For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note U20 Case Soft TPU Protective Back Cover Hot Texts. For MEIZU M1mini M1Note M2 Note Rubberized Matte Snap On hard case back cover. Shockproof Hybrid Rubber Clear TPU Phone Case Cover For Meizu MX5/For Meizu MX4. Cases For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note Pro Soft TPU Cell Phone Back Cover Car Tank. Cases For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note Pro Soft TPU Cell Phone Back Cover One Piece. For MEIZU M1 Note Back Battery Cover & Power Volume Buttons & Camera Lens 5.5". For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note U20 Case Soft TPU Protective Back Cute Christmas. For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note U20 Case Soft TPU Protective Back Cover Linear Skins. Meizu M1 Metal Hybrid Case,Meizu M1 Metal Shockproof Case w/Kickstand. Earpiece Ear Speaker For Meizu MX5 MX6 MX4 MX3 pro5 Pro6 M1 M2 M3 M3s Note. For MEIZU M1 Note 5.5"Meilan Soft Rubber Bumper frame + hard Matte case cover. Meizu M1 Note Case Clear Soft Silicone TPU Protective Cover Flexible Ultra Thin. Cases For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note Pro Soft TPU Cell Phone Back Cover Astronauts. Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Cover For Meizu M1 M2 MX6. For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note U20 Case Soft TPU Protective Back Cover Skins Dessert. For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note U20 Case Soft TPU Protective Back Cover Skins Floral. For MEIZU M1 Note Meilan 5.5" Soft TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. For Meizu m1 note - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. Cases For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note Pro Soft TPU Cell Phone Back Cover Luck Cat. MEIZU M1 NOTE CASE - AMZER PUDDING TPU MATTE FINISH BACK FIT PROTECTIVE COVER. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Film Protector For MEIZU MeiLan M1 NOTE 5.5 inch. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Cats Party. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Shell Moonwalk. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Shell Skulls. Cases For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note Pro Soft TPU Cell Phone Back Cover Skins Marble. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Shell Cute Face. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Skins Fruits. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Lemon Fruits. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Shell Cut Pets. Cases For Meizu M1 Note Soft TPU Silicone Protective Back Covers Shell Fun Bra. Cases For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note Pro Soft TPU Cell Phone Back Cover Shiba. Cases For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 Note Pro Soft TPU Cell Phone Back Cover Dots Plaid. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Meizu M1 Metal specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (36). Meizu Android Dual SIM. 5.5" 1080p LTPS IPS LCD display of 401ppi. Flyme OS 5 UI on top of Yun OS (an Android fork based on Android 5.1.1 source code but adapted for the Chinese market). MediaTek Helio X10: octa-core Cortex-A53 processor at 2.0 GHz, PowerVR G6200 GPU, 2GB of RAM. 13MP camera with two-tone LED flash, 1080p video recording @30fps. 5MP front-facing camera with 1080p@30fps video recording. 16GB or 32GB of built-in storage; expandable via a microSD slot. 4 LTE (150/50Mbps); Dual SIM; Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac; Bluetooth 4.1; GPS/GLONASS/Beidou; USB On-The-Go. mTouch Home button with a fingerprint scanner. Active noise cancellation via a dedicated mic. Limited LTE band support for the Chinese version. Meizu's Blue Charm lineup is leveling up with the latest Meizu m1 metal addition. It keeps the low-budget/high-performance profile but Meizu managed to promote the design to a new premium level without sacrificing the Blue Charm goal.. First we want to get the naming confusion out of the way - the smartphone is sold in China as Blue Charm Metal (read in Chinese as Meilan Metal), while for the rest of the world the phone will be known as Meizu m1 metal.. So, the m1 metal keeps the two most important features of the m1/Blue Charm series - a budget price and a guaranteed high performance courtesy of the Helio X10 chipset. Now the combo gets even better with a new premium unibody done in aluminum alloy, die-casted with the so-called crystal metal. There is of course a promising 5.5" 1080p display, a fingerprint sensor, a 13MP rear camera, and LTE Cat.4 connectivity, among many other features. Let's check the complete list out.. The lack of some connectivity features might make you frown at first, but you have got to remember that for now the Meizu m1 metal is only available in China and this version is geared for the local market.. The Meizu m1 note and the m2 note received quite a positive reception in our review section so we didn't think a second time when we were offered to review the third phone in the series. The m1 metal certainly sounds like a sweet deal, so we undertook this review with the clear idea of seeing what sort of limitations would be imposed by using this Chinese phone outside of its homeland.. We are essentially reviewing an imported unit here, but you have got to remember it's easily available for online purchase to anyone and it even has Google Play services sideloaded.. We were also curious to see whether the using YunOS (or Aliyun OS) would be any different to using Android as we know it. The OS was developed by a subsidiary of the Chinese e-commerce group Alibaba and it got bad press a few years ago due to the fact that it's an Android fork, which hadn't met the requirements of the Android compatibility program and hence promoted fragmentation, at least according to Google.. We would probably have to revisit this review once an international version of the m1 metal becomes available as it's quite probable that this one might have slight differences in hardware and will probably use a more standard Android build.. With that out of the way, we invite you to our traditional hardware checkup on the next page. Let's hope Meizu's third Blue Charm phablet - the m1 metal - would be equally charming as its predecessors.. Special thanks to HonorBuy.com for providing the review unit.. Meizu M1 Metal specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (36). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu VP says Meizu X2 smartphone is real, will have a Snapdragon 845. Dual-curved Meizu 15 Plus pictured with some screen protectors. Meizu E3 pops up on TENAA with all the specs. Meizu E3 coming March 6, press invites reveal. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. Ready to root your M1 Metal? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your MEIZU M1 Metal. How To Root MEIZU M1 Metal In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices MEIZU Meizu M1 Metal. Safely Root Your Meizu M1 Metal and Maximize its Functionality. The Meizu ‘s Blue Charm lineup is leveling up with their latest release-the Meizu m1 metal. It keeps the low-budget at high-performance profile but Meizu managed to. the upgrade the design to a new premium level without sacrificing the Blue Charm goal. Naming could be confusing and to get the naming confusion out of the way - the smartphone. sold in China is named Blue Charm Metal, while the model for the rest of the world the is known as Meizu M1 Metal.. The Meizu M1 Metal bears the two most important features of the m1/Blue Charm series which include a budget price and a guaranteed high performance courtesy of the Helio X10 chipset which is also quite powerful. Now the device gets an even better looks with a new premium unibody made in aluminum alloy, die-casted with the so-called crystal metal. Isn ‘t it cool? Externally, it resembles the iPhone, though not exactly the same, any model Meizu released earlier. Even with this basic data, the handset looks prettier than any competitor that ‘s officially sold in Russia in the weight category. Almost any smartphone of Meizu (except for the M2 mini) equipped with a high-quality display that is a big advantage actually. The M1 Metal has very good Full HD IPS matrix display with good viewing angles, also a huge reserve of brightness, it ‘s even readable on a Sunny day, and accurate color reproduction as well. However, a tempered glass is not covered by the Dragontrail scratch even with rough use of a cell phone its oleophobic coating is also good. In details, the smartphone nearly a phablet size comes with a 5.5inches LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, delivering 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density) display resolution, with Flyme OS 5.1/Yun OS on top. It runs on Android OS, 5.1.1 (Lollipop), powered by Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10, Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53, and paired with PowerVR G6200 GPU. The handset supports dual SIM and available in 16/32 GB of internal storage that ‘s expandable up to 256GB through a microSD card, and bears 2GB RAM. It also boasts a 13MP primary camera with autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama, and a 5MP secondary camera. It also sports an active noise cancellation with dedicated mic and Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, and compass. Along with it, it also packs a Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS, Radio, and USB for the connectivity options. It houses a non-removable Li-Ion 3140 mAh battery as well.. If you want to change or fix something or tweak it perhaps with the device you currently have, rooting is the ultimate solution for a better transformation.. You can somehow make it snappier and faster and boosts its battery and memory capacity, access exclusive apps, OS updates, remove bloats and a lot more. The process entails gaining access to the core system of your device, break restrictions and gain admin rights to fully control your Android device, and customize it accordingly by unlocking the operating system. However, it ‘s difficult, complicated, and dangerously risky because it voids warranty and could brick your device as well, and most of al, it exposes to malware. Thankfully there ‘s One Click Root that offers 100% safe and security for your device along the process, it ‘s the fastest, and the easiest. It ‘s also reversible so worry-free, hassle-free and gets you rooted the in less time. So nothing to fret about, get rooted with just few clicks in One Click Root and potentiate and maximize your Meizu m1 metal ‘s functionality.. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Экран FHD 5.5, восьмиядерный процессор Helio X10, 2ГБ оперативной памяти, Предзаказ доступен в магазине gearbest http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p... Версия с 32 гигабайтами http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p... Обсуждение на форуме 4pda http://4pda.ru/forum/index.php?showto... Внимание! Телефон производится только для внутреннего рынка. Частоты 3G и 4G сетей уточняйте для своей страны.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M1 Metal Review - Grossoshop. Meizu M1 metal and MX5 comparison. Meizu M1 Metal подробный обзор от FERUMM.COM. Козыри, особенности и недостатки Meizu Metal. Meizu Metal - unboxing si primele impresii | GADGET.RO |. Meizu M1 Metal Review | In Depth 2GB RAM 32GB ROM Octa Core. LeTV 1s vs Meizu Metal - App Start Test. Meizu M1 Metal обзор очередного флагмана от производителя купить в Украине. Сравнение Meizu M1 metal и Xiaomi Redmi note 3, ч.1. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 review and comparison with Meizu M1 metal. Meizu Metal unboxing & Hands On. Meizu M1 Metal обзор унаследовал от предшественников все фирменные особенности |Купить на MobiTab.. Xiaomi RedMi Note 3 VS Meizu M1 Metal СРАВНЕНИЕ от FERUMM.COM. Что лучше RedMi Note 3 или M1 Metal?. Blackview BV5000 - защищенный телефон с большой батареей. Meizu M1 Metal обзор "псевдометаллического" конкурента Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 review. Крутой и надежный чехол для Meizu MX5. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
November 28, 2015 Jarvis Phones 1080p , 3D , 3g , amoled , android , app , apps , audio , automatic , battery , Beats , benchmark , blackberry , Bluetooth , browser , camcorder , camera , case , charger , charging , china , compensation , dual sim , environment , facebook , fingerprint , firmware , Flash Drives , galaxy , galaxy s5 , Game , gesture , Google , Google Maps , Google Play , google play store , gps , gpu , gsm , hardware , headphones , home , HTC , HTC one , Huawei , hue , impressions , Infinity , Invite , IPS , LCD , LED , Lenovo , LG , Lollipop , lte , Manhattan , maps , mediatek , meizu , memory card , messaging , microsd , mini , miracast , moto e , Motorola , Motorola Moto E , music , mx5 , navigation , nfc , Nokia , nokia 808 pureview , Octa-Core , OnePlus , Open Source , oppo , panoramic , peripherals , phablet , play store , processor , pureview , push notifications , QHD , retail , Review , Samsung , Samsung Galaxy , samsung galaxy s5 , search , security , sensor , Sharp , Sim2 , smart , smartphone , smartphones , Snapdragon , social , social network , software , Sony , sony xperia , sony xperia z3 compact , speaker , sync , touch , TV , twitter , unboxing , updates , usb , video , watch , web browser , wireless , Xiaomi , Xiaomi Mi 4i , Xiaomi Redmi 2 , xperia , Xperia M5 , xperia z3 , youtube. 5.5″ 1080p LTPS IPS LCD display of 401ppi. Flyme OS 5 UI on top of Yun OS (an Android fork based on Android 5.1.1 source code but adapted for the Chinese market). MediaTek Helio X10: octa-core Cortex-A53 processor at 2.0 GHz, PowerVR G6200 GPU, 2GB of RAM. 13MP camera with two-tone LED flash, 1080p video recording @30fps. 5MP front-facing camera with 1080p@30fps video recording. 16GB or 32GB of built-in storage; expandable via a microSD slot. 4 LTE (150/50Mbps); Dual SIM; Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac; Bluetooth 4.1; GPS/GLONASS/Beidou; USB On-The-Go. mTouch Home button with a fingerprint scanner. Active noise cancellation via a dedicated mic. Limited LTE band support for the Chinese version. Lollipop-based Yun OS with Flyme 5.1. Audio output is very clean, decently loud. Motorola Moto E (2015) (headphones attached). Capable 13MP camera with a dual-tone LED flash. 1080p video recording at 30 fps. Meizu m1 metal key test findings. The Meizu m1 metal offers great build quality and solid construction, though its back shell doesn’t feel metal on touch. The curved 2.5D front glass edges are nice;. mTouch home button is the most practical home button we’ve seen – accepting fingerprint reading, presses and taps though it needs some time getting used to;. The screen is a mixed bag – below average brightness levels produce uninspiring contrast ratio but color rendition is good. Viewing angles and sunlight legibility are good as well;. The battery endurance rating of 61h is slightly above average, the scores across all tests are very good, but the standby endurance is average;. Flyme OS is fluid and responsive, unlocking gestures are just as good here, mTouch button has some great added functionality (closing apps, going into previous menu). Using Yun OS in the Western world doesn’t see to pose any limitations as long as you have the Google Services sideloaded additionally;. The Helio X10 chipset offers flagship performance inside a mid-ranger, which should please even the most power-hungry users;. Video player has rich video and audio codec support;. Audio output is very clean, decently loud;. Subpar still camera performance – good dynamic range and colors, but poor resolved detail, lots of noise, soft corners and over-sharpening plague all photos;. The 1080p videos came out with uninspiring detail and bitrate, over-sharpened and with visible oscillations. Meizu’s Blue Charm lineup is leveling up with the latest Meizu m1 metal addition. It keeps the low-budget/high-performance profile but Meizu managed to promote the design to a new premium level without sacrificing the Blue Charm goal.. First we want to get the naming confusion out of the way – the smartphone is sold in China as Blue Charm Metal (read in Chinese as Meilan Metal), while for the rest of the world the phone will be known as Meizu m1 metal.. So, the m1 metal keeps the two most important features of the m1/Blue Charm series – a budget price and a guaranteed high performance courtesy of the Helio X10 chipset. Now the combo gets even better with a new premium unibody done in aluminum alloy, die-casted with the so-called crystal metal. There is of course a promising 5.5″ 1080p display, a fingerprint sensor, a 13MP rear camera, and LTE Cat.4 connectivity, among many other features. Let’s check the complete list out.. The lack of some connectivity features might make you frown at first, but you have got to remember that for now the Meizu m1 metal is only available in China and this version is geared for the local market.. The Meizu m1 note and the m2 note received quite a positive reception in our review section so we didn’t think a second time when we were offered to review the third phone in the series. The m1 metal certainly sounds like a sweet deal, so we undertook this review with the clear idea of seeing what sort of limitations would be imposed by using this Chinese phone outside of its homeland.. We are essentially reviewing an imported unit here, but you have got to remember it’s easily available for online purchase to anyone and it even has Google Play services sideloaded.. We were also curious to see whether the using YunOS (or Aliyun OS) would be any different to using Android as we know it. The OS was developed by a subsidiary of the Chinese e-commerce group Alibaba and it got bad press a few years ago due to the fact that it’s an Android fork, which hadn’t met the requirements of the Android compatibility program and hence promoted fragmentation, at least according to Google.. We would probably have to revisit this review once an international version of the m1 metal becomes available as it’s quite probable that this one might have slight differences in hardware and will probably use a more standard Android build.. With that out of the way, we invite you to our traditional hardware checkup on the next page. Let’s hope Meizu’s third Blue Charm phablet – the m1 metal – would be equally charming as its predecessors.. The Meizu m1 metal comes in a rather compact paper box, which covers the basics – you get a USB cable, a 2A charger plug and a SIM ejection tool. While there are no headphones bundled in this version, we find the contents enough for a budget smartphone.. The Meizu m1 metal’s footprint is the same as the m1 note’s – it spreads at 150.7 x 75.3 x 8.2mm, but it weighs 17g more for a total weight of 162 g. It seems the new premium material is the one contributing to the few extra grams.. Meizu m1 metal, as the name suggests, is made of metal but it’s not the same kind of alloy used on the MX5 and Pro 5. The m1 metal uses a traditional aluminum alloy, which has been die-casted with the so-called crystal metal – it’s an alloy with traces of rare earth elements such as titanium and cobalt.. On paper this sounds great but in reality it isn’t what you’d expect. The entire rear feels and looks more like a big piece of matte plastic with a glimmery paintjob with a pearl-like finish rather than anything close to metal. You can easily spot the polished chamfered edges around the front glass, which suggest a metal piece but that’s it.. The good news, while it may not feel like metal, it does look like it and it’s enough to give any piece of plastic a run for its money, which was the whole point of this exercise.. The pearl-like finish on the back shell shines in a slightly different hue under different light, which is a real looks booster.. We don’t know if this material was cheap or not, but no matter it doesn’t feel much like metal, it does fulfill its purpose of a premium build and high-end looks.. The lack of antenna strips around the back, as it was the case with previous metal Meizus (MX5, Pro 5), suggests the alloy doesn’t obstruct the Wi-Fi/cellular signal. We tried to determine if it was weaker than, say Pro 5, but we found both phones to hold the same level of signal.. Otherwise the Meizu m1 metal is quite a familiar deal – its entire front is shielded by a Dinorex T2X-1 glass with a curved 2.5D effect around the edges. The NEG’s Dinorex T2X-1 glass is both scratch and shock resistant.. There is also the latest version of the mTouch combo key (2.1), a signature feature of the few recent Meizu models – it’s a regular push key combined with a touch key and a fingerprint scanner.. Handling the Meizu m1 metal is a pleasurable task – the shell materials provide for an excellent grip, the chamfered edges too. One-handed operations are a tough job, but there are lots of software optimizations to make this possible. And while a 5.5″ isn’t exactly a pocket-friendly size, the m1 metal’s thin profile and rounded edges makes it very easy to slip in any pocket.. Now that we are done with the interesting stuff from our tour, it’s time for the trivia. The front of the m1 metal has the earpiece, the 5MP selfie snapper and a couple of sensors above the display and the mTouch key below. We really like Meizu’s implementation of the Home key and its all-in-one functionality, though it does take some getting used to.. The left side is where the ejectable SIM/microSD tray is, while the right has the volume rocker and the power/lock key.. The sides of the m1 metal. The top of the m1 metal houses the audio jack and the second mic, while the bottom is pretty crowded with the microUSB port, the primary mic, the loudspeaker grille and some screws.. A peek over the top and bottom. Finally, the 13MP camera is lying flat on the back, accompanied by the dual-tone LED flash.. The display of the Meizu m1 metal employs a 5.5″ LTPS IPS LCD panel of 1080p resolution. The colors are nicely saturated and the viewing angles are very good.. The high resolution is definitely a treat for the price and more than sufficient at 1080p. 403ppi is sharp enough and you wouldn’t really tell the difference to any QHD screen on the market unless you’re looking at some really small fonts. Here’s the m1 metal display matrix – it has a standard RGB arrangement.. In terms of maximum brightness (390nits), the Meizu m1 metal screen surely won’t win any awards. In this respect it scored way lower than the Meizu m1 note (562nits) and the Meizu m2 note (473nits). Its black levels are not as good as those two either and in the end, the m1 metal posted an underwhelming contrast ratio of 780:1.. In terms of color rendering, the Meizu m1 metal scored well with a DeltaE of 4.6 and a maximum deviation of 9.6 in the whites. The color saturation however wasn’t anything close to uniform so some colors are off, while others are remarkably on the spot.. By using the provided screen Color temperature slider we were able to achieve a slightly more accurate rendition by sliding it off to the warmer side and we got out an Average DeltaE of 3.2 (7.4 for white). Tip: If all colors were below 3 we would have considered the display to be perfectly color accurate.. The minimum display brightness of the Meizu m1 metal is 4nits, which is about what we would consider as comfortable to operate in dark environment without straining your eyes, though even lower would have been better.. Outdoors, the Meizu m1 metal is an above average performer in terms of sunlight legibility. The glass on top of the display is reflective, but most of the time you’ll have no problem seeing what’s happening on the screen.. The Meizu m1 metal is powered by a 3,140mAh battery. In our proprietary battery test, the phone managed to score an above average rating of 61 hours of battery life. It posted very solid numbers in the 3G call test, web browser endurance and video playback, while the stand-by performance is only average (about a week). This means the Meizu m1 note will last two and a half days, if you do an hour each of calling, web browsing and video playback daily.. Opting to put a second SIM slot reduces the standby time by half a day, which took just an hour from the final endurance rating.. The m1 note offers three battery modes – power-saving (four CPU cores only), balanced (six CPU cores) and performance (access to all eight CPU cores). We tested it at Performance mode and Balanced modes (the results are very similar), so you may be able to squeeze even more from the battery, when the m1 metal is set on Power-Saving mode.. Our proprietary rating denotes the number of hours the phone will be operational if you are to make an hour of 3G talks, web browsing and video playback per day. Such usage pattern is of course entirely artificial, but we’ve established it so our battery results are comparable across devices.. The battery testing procedure is described in detail in case you’re interested in the nitty-gritties. You can also check out our complete battery test table, where you can see how all of the smartphones we’ve tested will compare under your own typical use.. The Meizu m1 metal comes with tri-band 2G/GPRS/EDGE support, tri-band 3G with HSDPA and HSUPA, as well as Cat.4 LTE support. It’s compatible with more bands than m1 note, but not the m2 note.. The m1 metal has dual-SIM, dual-standby functionality – 3G and LTE are supported only on SIM1, while SIM2 can tap into 2G GSM networks only. You can put a microSD memory card inside the second SIM slot.. The m1 metal has dual-band Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac with DLNA, so you can play media (photos, videos, music) from DLNA-enabled devices or push content from your phone to a DLNA-compatible TV or music player.. Bluetooth 4.1 is also enabled, complete with A2DP.. The microUSB 2.0 port supports USB host so you can attach USB flash drives or connect peripherals.. You can also stream your display via the Wireless Display feature (Miracast).. GPS, GLONASS, BDS support is available. There is however no FM Radio, IR port or NFC on the Meizu m1 metal, there is no wired TV-out option either.. The Meizu m1 metal is the first smartphone to run on the new Flyme 5.1 launcher, but it sits on top of a slightly different version of Android as we know it – it’s the so-called Yun OS.. Yun OS is a forked version of Android open source code project (Android 5.1.1 Lollipop in this case) and it’s developed by the Chinese e-commerce group Alibaba. Yun OS can’t be officially called Android, as it lacks lots of Google’s APIs (not to mention the Google Play Services) so it doesn’t meet the requirements of the Android compatibility program.. Yun OS was developed exclusively for the Chinese market and it comes pre-isntalled only on the Chinese Meizu Blue Charm Metal smartphone. Once m1 metal launches internationally, it will have regular Android 5.1.1 Lollipop on board along with the Flyme OS 5.1 launcher intended for the international market.. Yun OS relies on a proprietary Maps and Navigation suite, very similar to Google Maps. It also has its own App Center and Game Center for purchasing apps and games. The Flyme 5.1 launcher should be identical with the one you are about to read below, sans the Chinese services and apps.. In case you’re wondering, our Chinese unit had Google Play Services sideloaded by the online retailer who supplied it.. Yun OS aside, this is the first time we see v.5.x of the Flyme OS interface. Flyme 5 isn’t a departure from the current Flyme 4.5 styling, but rather an incremental upgrade with under-the-hood optimizations and more polished looks.. The novelties include mostly optimizations such as improved battery life and stability, as well as reportedly improved performance. Of course, there are some noticeable changes in the looks of the default apps too – mostly flattened looks and simplified color palette. Flyme OS 5 also introduces some new default apps and settings, but we’ll talk more about those in a minute.. The review unit supplied to us had fully functional Google Play Services and we had no issues with the integration of Google’s services. The Chinese units come without Play Services, but Meizu provides alternative Maps, Mail, Store and Games apps and stores, but you better brush up on your Chinese if you intend to use those.. The Flyme OS 5 lockscreen is a pretty simple affair – you drag upwards to unlock and have the option of securing it with a passcode or an unlock pattern (or the fingerprint reader). There are no shortcuts on the lockscreen, but you get a quick access to the camera.. Gesture wake up is available – you can use pre-defined gestures to launch different apps while your phone is asleep – double tap to wake and swipe to unlock work by default, but you can also use swipe down, or other gestures such as Z, M, U, W, among others to launch apps of your choosing.. Holding down the home button will launch Meizu’s Voice Search, but you can change this quick action if you want.. The homescreen is simple – you get two panes by default but you can add more later on. The homescreen gathers all of your app icons and you can add widgets into the mix.. The notification area pulls down the whole way. You get a set of five circular toggles for various settings and you can expand them with a swipe down or with the dedicated virtual button in the top right.. The rest of the notification area is a basic list or expandable, actionable notifications.. Switching between tasks is done with a pull up menu from the bottom of the screen. The task switcher has been completely overhauled in Flyme 5 – it’s now a 3D scrollable carousel and there is an option to close all active/suspended apps. Finally! The option to pin an app (tap and hold) is here to stay – the pinned app will stay always in recent apps at the state you closed it.. Flyme 5 supports multi-view, which is also managed via the task switching interface. The supported apps have a ‘Multi’ button and you can activated a split-screen app right away. Unfortunately the apps to support multi-view are only four – News, Video, Documents and Smart Voice. Hopefully this list will grow bigger with the upcoming firmware updates.. You can customize the UI with various themes. There are some preloaded but you can browse the App Center for more – some of them are paid but there are many free and a lot to choose from. There’s also a variety of built in wallpapers.. There’s a Do Not Disturb mode that will block notifications and calls and you can choose a white list of numbers that can get through. It can be scheduled to run at specific time intervals or be set manually.. There is one more option – Scheduled Power On and Off – you can setup your Meizu m1 metal to shut down and boot up at a specific time on specific week days – just like alarms.. DND mode • Scheduled power on and power off • Smart Touch. The m1 metal is a rather big device and Meizu provides a very clever way for single-handed operations with the so-called Smart Touch. It’s a movable virtual 4-way key, like a D-Pad, and you can assign functionalities to each of the directions, tap and hold, tap, and double tap. For example, moving the key downwards brings down the notification area, moving it towards right acts as Back. If configured properly, it can very much allow you to control the metal with just one hand, while you are on the move.. Flyme OS can be tough to get around at first but once you’ve gotten your bearings it becomes a treat to work with. Meizu is keeping things as simple as possible and everything works seamlessly without any hiccups.. Meizu m1 metal joins the growing list of phones powered by the MediaTek’s MT6795 chipset, also known as Helio X10. Unlike the name suggests, the processor is an octa-core 2GHz Cortex-A53, accompanied by a PowerVR G6200 (Rogue) GPU and 2GB of RAM.. The Meizu MX5, Xiaomi Redmi Note 2, Sony Xperia M5 and HTC One E9+ are the other devices we’ve met so far that utilize the same chipset.. GeekBench 3 gauges the multi-core performance of the processor and the Meizu m1 metal is doing flawless, as expected.. The compound AnTuTu 5 test puts the Meizu m1 metal on par with its MX5 sibling and ahead of the Redmi Note 2 and Xperia M5 (also Helio X10 competition).. BaseMark II 2.0 calculates CPU, GPU, memory, OS and web performance and puts in into a single score. The m1 note is behind its Helio X10 siblings – the MX5 and One E9+, but on par with the Redmi Note 2 and beats the Xperia M5. It seems the software optimizations have a lot to do with the score. We made sure we opted for the Performance Power Mode.. Oddly the single and multi-core results in BaseMark OS II 2.0 turned out lower than expected and noticeably behind the rest of the Helio X10 gang.. PowerVR G6200 GPU is perfectly capable of handling 1080p displays. Its raw offscreen performance is better than the widespread Adreno 405 within the Snapdragon 615, so we guess the Helio X10 is the smarter choice for the 1080p upper mid-rangers. The only threat comes from the Snapdragon 808’s Adreno 418 (Xiaomi Mi 4c), which seems to be the better performer.. BaseMark X GPU test oddly puts the metal’s GPU somewhat behind its siblings.. The MX web browser got some performance and stability improvements with the Flyme 5 upgrade and now it’s quite fast. The m1 metal scored a very good mark on the JavaScript Kraken benchmark, and on the compound BrowserMark test.. The Helio X10 inside the Meizu m1 metal is an absolute treat for such an affordable device and a real powerhouse. There is nothing the Helio X10 can’t handle on the m1 metal’s 1080p display and we are sure the Meizu fans will appreciate the choice of platform and all the software optimizations the company has done on the Flyme 5 launcher.. At its core, the phonebook on the Meizu m1 metal is a list of all contacts but you can view only a specific group or filter where contracts come from – phone contacts, email account or a Meizu account.. You can’t add Facebook or Twitter or any social network out of the box. Installing the Facebook or Twitter app will allow you to sync your contacts from there. You can link contacts, but the functionality is annoyingly limited.. The dialer features smart dialing, which is nice. Otherwise it doesn’t differ from any other in functionality.. The Meizu m1 metal has all reception bars full and held onto signal great even in tighter spots. A dedicated mic for active noise cancellation makes sure the other party hears you loud and clear.. The phone supports dual-SIM with dual-standby. The second SIM supports GSM networks only, while the primary works on 3G and LTE. Managing the SIM cards is very easy as is initiating calls and sending texts.. The Meizu m1 metal scored a Good mark at our loudspeaker test. The speaker sound quality is very good for a single-speaker setup with deep sound.. The messaging department is quite straightforward: there are no folders here, just New message, Search and Settings buttons. Above is a list of all your messages organized into threads.. Meizu has tweaked the generic email client. It supports multiple Exchange, POP or IMAP inboxes and you have access to the original folders that are created online, side by side with the standard local ones such as inbox, drafts and sent items.. The Flyme gallery has two viewing modes – photo and gallery. The photo stacks images into months while the gallery puts them into folders. You can add or remove folders from the gallery and also search through it.. There’s also a built-in editor that offers filters and all the basic controls for contrast, brightness and you can even add blur or vignette. You cannot use different editors from the stock gallery and would need to install a third-party gallery (like Google’s Photos) to have different editors.. The music player can only find tracks located in the Music folder. You can browse your collection the traditional way or you can select to have it filtered by folders.. In the first case tracks are sorted into several playlists like All songs, Recently added, Folders and you have the option to create custom playlists. When viewing All songs you can choose between three types of sorting in a tabbed layout: song name, artist and album.. You can access the equalizer from the advanced menu. It features several presets, which you can edit manually – but you need to insert the headphones first.. The Meizu m1 metal comes with a dedicated Video app, but it expects videos to be placed in the video folder. You can use the file browser or gallery to get videos to play from elsewhere – it offers thumbnails and everything so we ended up using it more often than the Video app itself.. There’s a pop-out option that allows you to view the video as an overlay to the OS.. The Meizu m1 metal played everything we threw at it – Xvid, DivX, MP4, MOV, WMV and it supports the AC3 audio codec, too. Subtitles are supported, but it recognizes only Latin and Chinese characters.. The Meizu m1 metal started off very well in our audio quality test. When connected to an active external amplifier, the smartphone showed average volume levels and excellently clean output for one of the better showings out there.. There’s little distortion when you plug in a pair of headphones too, which is quiet impressive for the price range. Stereo crosstalk rises a moderate amount but the other readings remain as good as they were and loudness stays unchanged. All in all a very solid performance by the Meizu smartphone.. The Meizu m1 metal has a 13MP camera sensor that’s capable of capturing 4208x3120px snaps in 4:3 aspect. There’s also a dual-tone LED flash that should allow for more pleasing colors in low light flash photos.. The camera interface by default launches into Auto mode where the camera determines the shooting parameters. You have the option to turn on HDR (but no automatic HDR), gridlines for the viewfinder and a level gauge so that your horizon isn’t off tilt. There’s also an option to enable a timer of either 3, 5 or 10 seconds.. Available shooting modes include Auto, Manual (where you can set the shutter speed, ISO, exposure compensation and even the focus – from macro to infinity), Beauty (which can make eyes bigger, face slimmer, skin smoother and lighter), Panorama, Light field (which is Meizu’s refocus app allowing you to defocus any part of the scene), Scan (for QR and barcodes), and Slowmotion.. We find the 13MP shots that the Meizu m1 metal snaps to be subpar. The resolved detail is compromised by a blurry spot here and there and the high levels of noise. Sometimes we needed to focus manually because the autofocus failed to do a proper job.. On the positive side, the dynamic range is OK and the colors, contrast and white balance were quite accurate.. The HDR mode is meant to get a more even exposure of a scene – bringing back detail in the highlights and the shadows. On the Meizu m1 metal it does a very good job of bringing back detail in both and sometimes even produces more accurate colors than the Auto mode.. HDR Off • HDR On • HDR Off • HDR On. Panoramas aren’t too impressive on the Meizu m1 metal. There is plenty of resolution and good overall exposure but the resolved detail is far too low.. Meizu m1 metal panorama sample (5000 x 2400 px). Finally, you can check out an 8MP image taken with the front-facing camera of the device. It doesn’t shine with too much detail but it would do a great job for selfies.. The Meizu m1 metal shoots videos up to 1080p resolution at 30fps. There’s no 60fps smooth motion option but you do get a 720p@100fps slow motion shooting mode that is rendered for playback as a slow motion 25fps video.. All videos from m1 metal camera are stored in MP4 containers, the video bitrate is about 17Mpbs and the framerate is stable. This time around the audio is stereo – it uses an AAC codec with 128 Kbps bitrate and 48 KHz sampling.. Framerate stays firmly at 30fps and we got almost no dropped frames.. The resolved detail is quite poor though, the additive noise is once again getting in the way and makes the samples unpleasantly grainy. We noticed some oscillation on the videos as well, which just add to the overall poor quality. Here is sample we’ve uploaded on YouTube.. The web browser interface utilizes almost the entire screen real estate to the web page, save for the status bar on top and a tiny bar on the bottom for Refresh, Tabs and Bookmarks. Choosing Tabs opens a quick pop up preview of your open tabs instead of bringing up an entirely new screen, which is great as it still leaves the website your on in plain view.. The browser supports double tap and pinch zooming. It’s really fast and fluid too. There are also goodies like text reflow or sharing an URL over email or SMS.. There’s even a Reading mode and our favorite Night mode, which inverts the background and text colors and makes it really easy to read at night.. The Meizu m1 metal features a calendar that supports multiple online accounts. It offers monthly, weekly, daily and agenda views and is pretty straightforward to work with. Creating a new event lets you set which calendar to store it in, along with a reminder.. The Calendar has a very minimal, clean look but retains all the functionality you’d expect. You can also go for the Google Calendar – it’s available for download as a separate app from the Play Store.. Moving on, we have the Clock app that will handle multiple alarms with custom repeat times, ringtones, snooze time and labels. There are also a stopwatch and timer integrated within the Clock app.. A calculator app is also on board. Interestingly you can use it as am pop-up app over the homescreen and other apps, such as MX browser. It offers a currency, length, weight and volume converter, too.. There is a very helpful Toolbox app, which provides a flashlight, a mirror, compass, level, ruler and magnifying functions.. The Memos app is clean and simple. You can add notes, images and even check lists into it. The Painter app will let you paint with a number of virtual tools, choosing different colors.. The App Center works with only Chinese content but you can still use it, if you can read Chinese, that is. Thankfully, the Google Play store came preinstalled on our device so we got our apps from there.. The preinstalled file manager lets you browse through the memory of the Meizu m1 metal or through Recent, or through different media types – music, videos, pictures, etc. It allows copy, cut and paste and also sharing of files on your device.. Perhaps the highlight of Meizu’s homebrewed apps is the Security app. It lets you scan for viruses, clean junk files, keep an eye on your large files, manage your data traffic, and most importantly – control the permissions for each app you install.. Finally, there is a News app, which aggregates stories from sources by your choosing. It’s highly customizable and is able to give you push notifications of stories as they are coming.. Meizu m1 metal gets a few things right – the premium design, a big high-res screen, snappy performance and a bargain price tag. And that’s enough for the fans to love it, and we are sure many people are already eyeing it for the upcoming holiday season.. The Chinese mid-rangers have redefined the mid-range segment during the last couple of years and are forcing the major manufacturers to rethink and reinvent their mainstream lineups. Companies like Meizu, Xiaomi, Oppo, and even OnePlus, are making a clear statement that you can get better value for your money and the competition had to run with the new rules of the game.. Sure, Meizu has cut a few corners here and there, but nothing really major to ruin the overall positive impressions, though honestly, a good quality camera is all but essential these days. Still, this isn’t unexpected (we’re looking at you Meizu m2 note) and the snapper should do fine to capture the occasional memorable moments. We can certainly give it some slack at this price point.. The reality however is there is lots of competition out there and the toughest ones are coming from Meizu’s homeland – it’s Xiaomi and Lenovo. Xiaomi’s Redmi Note 2 is selling hot worldwide and there is a reason – it costs about €170 and offers identical specs sans the premium design.. The 5.5″ Lenovo K3 Note is even cheaper, but there is a reason – it’s MediaTek chip is an older version with inferior GPU and the phone has got a less premium shell. The rest is a match for the Meizu metal.. The metal’s predecessors – the Meizu m1 note and m2 note are worth checking out – both offer 5.5″ displays and MT chips with 8-core processors, but basically they run on older hardware and cost more. If you are into Meizu’s phones and a proper camera is a must have – then the Meizu MX5 will give you a great camera, an AMOLED screen and even better design for some extra €130.. Meizu m1 note • Meizu m2 note • Meizu MX5. The Meizu m1 metal costs €210 for its 16GB flavor and throwing extra €30 will double the storage. This is probably the best priced mid-ranger right now, plus it has the looks and the horse power to prove its worth. Meizu did a great job of making yet another worthy mid-ranger and even as a grey Chinese import, running the Chinese YunOS, it’s still a nice smartphone and we are looking forward to seeing what the international version would bring to the table, hopefully making the deal even sweeter.. Sony Xperia XZ2 Hands-on Review : First look. Lenovo Yoga 730 Hands-on Review : First look. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Hands-on Review: First look. Lenovo Yoga 530 Hands-on Review : First look. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Sony Xperia XZ2: MWC phone showdown. 
Find a Store for Local Pricing and Availability. Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone Chargers. Cell phones today are more than just a way to talk to other people – they’re practically all-in-one electronic devices. You likely use your phone to send text messages, listen to music, and play games on a daily basis, to name just a few. All of these activities have one thing in common: they quickly drain your phone’s battery. Batteries Plus Bulbs can help you keep your phone charged and ready to go with our selection of Meizu M1 Metal chargers.. Related Products for "Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone Chargers". 1 - 10 of 10 | View. Plugs into any standard wall outlet (110V). 3 foot micro USB connector cord included. 2 USB ports (1 amp & 2.1 amp). Black Micro USB Charger For Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Ideal for charging Android phones and tablets. Connect your PC peripherals such as hard drives, printers, and more. Black Micro USB Cable for Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. 3 foot Micro-USB to USB cord. 3 amp DC with two USB ports: one 2.1 amp and one 1 amp output. DC Micro-USB Charger for Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Power up any USB based device. Plug in for instant power or recharge of your device. 2.6Ah Portable Battery Charger Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. 4 LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Black Portable Battery Charger Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Four LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Blue Portable Battery Charger Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Black Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Very durable and flexible 5 inch cable. Green USB to Micro-USB 5 Inch Charge Cable for Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Green Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Back up power for any device using a USB power cord. Provides up to 7 hours of runtime. External Battery Pack Charger Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone. Chemistry: Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride. We stock AC, DC, and USB Chargers for your Meizu M1 Metal cell phone so that you can keep your phone going no matter where you are. Use your DC charger to power your phone through your car during a long commute, then switch to the USB you keep on your desk at work. Stuck in an airport? Keep a spare AC charger to plug into any standard 110-120VAC wall outlet. Thanks to our versatile selection, you never have to fear a dead cell phone battery again.. Chargers are a phone’s best friend, but occasionally you’ll find yourself somewhere where you’re completely unable to charge your phone. Batteries Plus Bulbs has you covered there, too. We’ve got portable battery packs that can provide emergency power to your Meizu M1 Metal phone in a pinch.. We strive to provide the best price available on BatteriesPlus.com and in our stores. Store pricing may vary from the price advertised on BatteriesPlus.com. Fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation.. All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Duracell is a registered trademark of Duracell U.S. 
Stock Rom [Official] Meizu M1 Metal Stock Rom / Firmware. [Official] Meizu M1 Metal Stock Rom / Firmware. Official Meizu M 1 Metal Stock Rom / Firmware. Update Meizu M1 Metal to Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Downgrade Meizu M1 Metal to Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. Restore Meizu M1 Metal to 100 % stock factory. Repair solutions for Meizu M1 Metal if have problems such as boot loop, Hardbrick, Lost recovery, or can’t boot to home screen, etc. Meizu M1 Metal also known as Meizu Blue Charm Metal. This is the official firmware with Flyme OS as standart user interface by Meizu. Guides how to installing/Flashing firmware Meizu M1 Metal (General) -> Read Here. Guides how to installing/Flashing firmware Meizu M1 Metal Flashfire (Alternative) -> Read Here. Guides how to installing/Flashing firmware Meizu M1 Metal using SP-Flashtool (Alternative) with MT6795_android_scatter.txt -> Read Here. You can use these firmware files to :. 5.5 inches of Screen, Dual SIM, 4G LTE Network, 13/5 MP Camera, Internal Memory 16/32 GB, 2 GB RAM, Non-removable 3140 mAh battery, Fingerprint sensor. Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (Flyme OS /Yun OS). CPU=Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53, GPU=PowerVR G6200. Flyme OS Flyme 5.1.11.1Y (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.11.0Y (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.10.0Y (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.9.0Y (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.8.0Y (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.7.0Y (Stable). Meizu M1 Metal Unicom Edition Firmware. Flyme OS 5.1.2.0UY (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.1.1UY (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.1.0UY (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.0.6QY (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.0.5QY (Stable). Flyme OS 5.1.0.4QY (Stable). Please leave comment if you found broken link or have question.. Android Android firmware Meizu Firmware Meizu M1 Metal Meizu M1 Metal Firmware Meizu M1 Metal Flyme OS Meizu M1 Metal International firmware Meizu M1 Metal Stock Rom. [Official] Meizu M1 Note Stock Rom / Firmware. [Official] Meizu MX4 Pro Stock Rom / Firmware. [Official] Huawei Honor V8 (KNT-AL10) Stock Rom /... [Custom Rom] CoLor OS For LG Spirit H422. Official | Cancro | Xiaomi Mi 4 Stock... [DOWNLOAD] Google USB Drivers, Galaxy Nexus USB Drivers... [Official] Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Duos SM-N9300 Stock... [Official] Huawei Nova Plus MLA-L11 Stock Rom /... [Official] Huawei Honor 7i Shot X ATH-C01 Stock... [Official] Huawei Honor 6X (Berlin-L22) Stock Rom /... [Official] Huawei P8 Lite ALE-L23 Stock Rom /... Meizu Phone Firmware – Repair Firmware. February 23, 2017 - 1:15 am. Leave Replay : Cancel reply. How to unbrick / update firmware Any Android devices Base on Mediatek chips using SP-Flashtool. How To Update / Downgrade/ Unbrick Firmware Any Huawei Android Devices. Guides – How to installation firmware using ODIN3 Flashing tools on Any Samsung device. [Official] LG EGO T500 Stock KDZ Firmware. [Official] LG Cookie P525 Stock KDZ Firmware. [Official] Wiko BLOOM Stock Rom / Firmware. [Guides] Installing TWRP Recovery & ROOT Lenovo A6000 / Plus. [Official] Samsung Galaxy Z4 Tyzen OS (SM-Z400F) Firmware. [Official] Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 Neo Duos SM-G318H Stock Rom / Firmware. ©2015 - 2018 - BOYCRACKED. Powered by HostBlast & Automatic. 
The Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact arrive at MWC with a changed design. Samsung To Sell Its Superior ISOCELL Image Sensors To Chinese Vendors. Samsung Galaxy S9 Packed With Exynos 9810 Yields SND845 by 8%. The Vivo Apex is a concept phone of our dreams. Nokia 8 Sirocco With 2K pOLED Screen Announced at MWC 2018. All 360 Mobiles Acer AGM AllCall Amoi. Huami is officially listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Huawei Patents A Unique Back-Hand Gesture For Smartwatches. Flash Sale: Anet A8 High Precision Desktop 3D Printer Kit Only €122.83. NO.1 F6 IP68 Rugged Smartwatch Presale Kicks Off at $14.99 (Limited Pcs). Microwear XR-05 Waterproof Fitness Tracker Launched on Tomtop. All Huami MGCOOL Microwear No.1 Zeblaze. Home Reviews Meizu Metal Review. Reviews Meizu Metal Review. By Yash Garg -. Meizu m1 metal aka Meizu Metal. Meizu have been on a bit of a launch spree of late. While almost every Meizu phone to date has been exceptionally good looking, some have managed to be as popular as the MX2 was during its time.. We’re now looking at not one, but two or. three flagship phones every year from Meizu. However, what Meizu have done like a lot of other manufacturers, is they’ve split their phones into categories — the Meilan-seires for budget phones, MX-series with mid-range hardware and high-end performance, and PRO-series for premium flagships.. Today we’re taking a look at the Meizu Metal , which essentially falls in the first category.. With a full-metal body and a MediaTek Helio X10 processor, the Meizu Metal nearly challenges the MX5, which happened to be one of the best Chinese phones from 2015. The Meizu Metal is heavier, and the metal around the phone seems thicker.. With companies adopting 2.5D curved glass as standard, Meizu have ensured they don’t miss out. While 2.5D curved glass can look pretty, in my opinion it is a bit of a subjective matter. I don’t happen to be too big a fan of curved glass on phone screens… but whatever floats the boat for Meizu. No one wants to be behind the competition.. At the first glance, the Meizu Metal really looks like a premium phone that could pass off as a $500-600 device. The interesting bit is that the notion still holds when you take the phone in your hands. Full metal, cold, curved glass, and a heft that commands value.. But as you spend time with the device, it becomes apparent that the additional weight is something Meizu have put only to make the phone feel like a premium gadget. It should be the other way round, in my book.. From a distance, the Metal looks like any other Meizu phone on the front (new-age ones, i.e., without the trademark halo). The back is pure, monochrome metal which is really pleasing for the eyes. The simple back paired with the new minimalistic Meizu logo makes for a scene. The camera lens does not protrude from the chassis, and it’s all a very levelled and satisfying experience.. Overall, the Meizu Metal is a very satisfying phone to hold in the hand. If there’s something I’d change about the phone, it would be the glossy (and scratch-prone) chamfered edges, which are a little tacky in comparison to the rest of the phone.. While Meizu have overdone the weight a bit, the Metal still does impress with whatever else it has on offer on the design and build front. This includes buttons that are precisely made and tactile, and a speaker grill that shouts quality.. While the phone’s performance is the major differentiating factor between the Metal and MX5, another thing that you’ll notice right away is the difference in screens. It is safe to say that the Meizu Metal will not eat into the market of the MX5.. The screen on the Metal is an IPS LCD panel measuring 5.5-inches diagonally with a 1920 x 1080p FHD resolution. I’ve had no issues with the screen so far — no dead pixels, no light bleeding, no bright spots — but it isn’t a screen I’d write home about. The general colour tone of the display is cold-ish, and while you could change this via the Flyme OS settings, it seems a little artificial.. Moving on to the audio properties of the phone. This is one area I’ve had a few issues with. It’s been hit-or-miss for me on most calls, in the sense that sound from the earpiece can be broken at times. I’m not sure if it is a radio issue or one that’s being caused by the speaker, but it is what it is. Also, the loudspeaker can sometimes be a little quiet; but no issues with the quality of sound here.. Vernee Active Review: The Best Looking Rugged Phone. If you use your phone one-handed, the speaker grill can be obscured with your pinkie. That’s the way I hold my phones (pinkie beneath the chin of the phone), and I had this issue more than once.. Meizu seem to be using the same fingerprint sensor on the Metal as they did on the MX5. It is fast and fairly accurate, but could sometimes suffer from serious lags. This should be attributed to the system (poorly optimised) more than the. Moving on to the battery section, there’s hardly anything too impressive here. The spec sheet does look nice though with a 3140mAh battery, but that hardly translates into great real-world battery life. Getting through till the evening on a work day is what you can expect from the Meizu Metal. While the ROM isn’t optimised to its fullest, the battery does hold its charge well during sleep. Pro tip: try to restrict network usage to 2G only if you don’t plan to wish to use 3G or 4G data. While most phones get a slight improvement in battery life by doing so, on the Metal is is more significant.. It’d suffice to say that the Meizu Metal has disappointed with its performance. The Flyme 5 update turned out to be a saviour for Meizu when it launched the MX5 last year with a previous iteration of the OS. However, Flyme 5 doesn’t quite manage the same magic on the Metal.. Switching between apps can be a bit of a problem if you have a handful of them running all at once (which we all do). Switching back to Google Chrome tabs from another app will, on most cases, cause the tab contents to be fetched from the cache. While I understand that the phone is limited with 2GB of RAM, there are other phones that do better with the same amount.. The bottomline — the ROM needs optimisation.. impressed with the Meizu Metal camera in the low light situations, I took the phone with me on a trip to see how well it performs in various different situations.. It turns out the camera is an average sensor, one that I’d rank below 2014’s Xiaomi Mi 4… or even the Redmi Note 3 for that matter. HDR will allow you to take some nice and dramatic pictures, but that’ll require you to keep the phone steady for 3-4 seconds.. The Meizu Metal is a phone that’s great to look at and awesome to hold, but still leaves a bit to be desired on the performance front. This is a bigger concern than it seems, because there are a lot of phones that are cheaper than the Meizu Metal that don’t suffer from problems exhibited by this phone.. Meizu have a history of being a little up and down with their phones… and the Metal probably wont be remembered among the better ones. Especially as the MX5 continues to get cheaper .. Design - 9.5/10 Hardware - 7.5/10 Battery - 5.5/10 Camera - 6.3/10 Value - 6/10. Previous article We will be at the Xiaomi Mi5 launch at MWC, what do you hope to see?. Next article Video: Elephone P9000 GPS Test (no SIM, no WiFi). Yash is a blogger by profession, builder of things by passion and foodie by birth. You'll usually find him talking about technology, music, travel and the game of cricket on the streets of Pune when not busy writing or speeding his way through the country!. You can learn more about Yash , add him to your Google+ circles or follow him on Twitter to stay connected!. We provide the latest trending news from the Chinese tech industry.. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Meizu M1 Metal Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Octa-core 2.0GHz Cortex-A53 64-bit CPU. Memory : 2GB 933MHz LPDDR3. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.5 inches LTPS FHD Display. Camera Overview : 13 Megapixel with AF and LED Flash / 5 Megapixel. OS Version : Android v5.1.1 Lollipop OS. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). CPU – Octa-core 2.0GHz Cortex-A53 64-bit CPU. Chipset – MediaTek Helio X10 chip. Camera – 13 Megapixel 5-element lens, f/2.2. Rear Camera With Dual LED Flash | 5 Megapixel f/2.0 Front Camera. RAM – 2GB | ROM-16/32GB and Supports MicroSD (TF) external storage up to 256GB. Display – Screen size 5.5 inches FHD LTPS. 150.7 mm x 75.3 mm x 8.2 mm, 161g. Battery – Non-Removable 3140mAh Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery. Dual SIM with Dual Nano SIM Compatibility, Dual Standby. Support 2G/3G/4G Networks with a speed of HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps in 3G and 150 Mbps download and 50 Mbps upload in LTE cat4 network. Sensors – Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. Color – White, Gold, Gray, Blue, Pink. Operating System – Android v5.1.1 Lollipop with Flyme 5 OS. ~ $161 Approx After 63% Discount. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Available in White, Gold, Gray, Blue, Pink Color. Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 15.07 x 7.53 x 0.82 cm (5.93 x 2.96 x 0.32 inch). Yes With Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone.. LTPS 403PPI, FHD 1920 x 1080 Pixels. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera.. Dual Camera (One Back + One Front). 13 Megapixel with AF and Flash. Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment.. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / WCDMA / FDD-LTE, TD-LTE. Yes Support 2G: GSM 900/1800/1900MHz. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Dual SIM (1 x Nano + 1 x Nano), Dual Standby. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support AMR, APE, FLAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AAC. Yes Support MP4, 3GP, MPEG, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV. Yes Support PNG, JPEG, GIF, BMP. Yes With Mp3, WAV ringtone support. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Dual Band, Wireless internet. Yes Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP and LE. Yes with A-GPS, GPS, GLONASS, Beidou. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. Download Up to 150 Mbps, Upload Up to 50 Mbps cat4 LTE Network and 42.2 Mbps Download and 5.76 Mbps Upload in 3G Network. Yes Google Chrome, Support HTML 5, Opera Mini Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Yes Support Push mail, Email, IMAP, POP3, SMTP, Microsoft Exchange. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Time interval between charging a battery from 0 to 100%. Up to 3.1 Hours with Fast Charging. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from Meizu. Meizu Meilan Metal Smartphone Full Specification. MEIZU M2 Mini Smartphone Full Specification. MEIZU MX5e 4G Smartphone Full Specification. Meizu MX4 Pro Smartphone Full Specification. Meizu M6 Note Smartphone Full Specification. MEIZU M5 Note Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Meizu Category: Mobiles. Processor Octa-core Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10. RAM 2 GB RAM. Storage 16 GB | 32 GB. Camera Primary 13 MP, f/2.2, autofocus + Secondary 5 MP, f/2.0, 1080p. Operating System Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop). The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 0.0 0.0 1. Design 5 / 10. Display 6 / 10. Camera 5 / 10. Features 5 / 10. Connectivity 6 / 10. Usability 6 / 10. Performance 5 / 10. Battery 6 / 10. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 150.7 x 75.3 x 8.2 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. User Interface UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Meizu M1 Metal - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Meizu M5 Note 0 Reviews View specs →. MEIZU PRO 6 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M3 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu MX6 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu U20 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M5c 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. Meizu M1 Metal Hybrid Case,Meizu M1 Metal Shockproof Case w/Kickstand. Armor Hybrid Rugged Kickstand Shockproof Case Cover For Meizu M5s/MX5 /Meilan 5s. Meizu m3 note(5.5'') Dual Layer Hybrid Rugged Case Shockproof Cover w/ Kickstand. Meizu M6 Note Hybrid Case,Shockproof Case for 5.5" Meizu M6 Note w/Kickstand. 2in1 3D Shock Skip Proof Grenade Rugged Grip Hybrid Kickstand Tough Armor Case. Meizu M1 Metal Hybrid Case,Meizu M1 Metal Shockproof Case w/Kickstand. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Meizu M1 Metal Hybrid Case,Meizu M1 Metal Shockproof Case w/Kickstand. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. ff520mh has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Economy Shipping from China/Hong Kong/Taiwan to worldwide. See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 11 business days.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Excludes: Africa, Central America and Caribbean, North America, Ukraine, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Laos, Macau, Taiwan, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas), French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay, Venezuela, Bahrain, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, Afghanistan, Armenia, Bhutan, China, Georgia, India, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, American Samoa, Cook Islands, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Caledonia, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Wallis and Futuna, Western Samoa. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 30.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Economy Shipping from China/Hong Kong/Taiwan to worldwide. Seller ships within 2 days after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 2 business days of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. 5 Things to Consider when Buying an iPhone Case ,. How to Buy an iPhone 3GS Case ,. How to Buy an iPhone 4 Case on eBay ,. 7 Tips on Purchasing an OtterBox Case for Your Kindle Fire ,. How to Make a Photo Phone Case. Metallic Cell Phone Fitted Cases/Skins for Meizu M3 Note ,. Metallic Shockproof Cases, Covers & Skins ,. Metallic Cell Phone Fitted Cases/Skins for Meizu M2 Note ,. Metallic Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins for Meizu M2 Note ,. Metallic Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins for Meizu M3 Note. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
All Asus Flash Tool Huawei HiSuite Lenovo Downloader Tool LG Flash Tool Qcom Phone Tool Qualcomm Flash Image Loader (QFIL) Samsung Tools SP Flash Tools Spreadtrum (SPD) Upgrade Tool Unlock Tool Vivo Tools Xiaomi Tools. How to use Qualcomm Flash Image Loader (QFIL). Download Qualcomm Flash Image Loader (QFIL). Download SP Flash Tool v5.1752 (Smart Phone Flash Tool). Remover FRP All Android (TCS Mediatek FRP Unlock Tool). All Alcatel USB Driver Android Driver Cherry Mobile USB Driver Gmango USB Driver Huawei USB Driver Infinix USB Driver Leagoo USB Driver Meizu USB Driver Oplus USB Driver Timmy USB Driver Vivo USB Driver Xiaomi USB Driver Ziox USB Driver ZTE USB Driver. Download Alcatel USB Driver For All Models. Download Gmango USB Driver For All Models. Download ZTE Blade Q USB Driver. Download ZTE Blade Qlux 4G USB Driver. All Alcatel Android For PC Boss Style Cherry Mobile Cubot Doogee Gmango HSL HTC Huawei Infinix Leagoo LG Meizu Motorola OnePlus Oplus Samsung Original Timmy Vivo XBO Xiaomi Ziox ZTE. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013K. Alcatel One Touch Idol Alpha 6032. Alcatel One Touch Pop D5 5038E. Home Firmware Meizu M1 Metal. Step 1 : Download and extract the. Step 2 : After extracting, you will get the Firmware File, Flash Tool, Driver and How-to Flash Guide. Step 3 : Install the USB Driver on your Computer (skip if drivers are already installed). Step 4 : Follow the How-to Flash Guide to Flash the Firmware on your. Buy Now Free Brand Coupon Code. [*] Take a Backup : If you are going to flash the above Firmware on your MEIZU device, then take a backup of everything as because your personal data will be deleted after flashing the stock firmware. Flashing Stock Firmware will delete your Personal Data including Pictures, Videos, Contacts, messages from your device. [*] The firmware shared on this page is officially released by the company and helps you to recovery your device if you ever got bootloop, software error, update error, hanging and dead issue. [*] After flashing the MEIZU Stock Rom on your device, you may need to flash the IMEI using the IMEI tool provided with the firmware file. If you are going to flash the IMEI, then make sure always flash the Original IMEI that comes with your device. [*] Request Firmware : If in case you are looking for any firmware, that is not listed on this page then you can request it through the comment box below (do not request firmware through contact page or else it will be ignored). [*] MEIZU Stock Firmware : If you are looking for MEIZU Stock Firmware then head over to Download MEIZU Stock Firmware Page. [*] MEIZU USB Driver: If you are looking for the original USB Driver then head over to the MEIZU USB Driver Page. [*] For Windows Computer Only : With the help of above drivers you can easily connect your MEIZU Smartphones and Tablets to the Windows computer only. [*] The above drivers are officially provided by MEIZU itself. In case the above drivers did not work for you then you can complain to MEIZU Officially. [*] Take a Backup of your personal data before flashing or installing the firmware on your smartphone. As this helps you to recover the personal data whenever any thing wrong happens. Accordingly, I am pretty sure if you follow the exact steps then you can easily recover your phone. Did you find it helpful? Do let me know and share your experience in the comment section below. You got help? If you like what you see and want to support, consider purchasing a coffee through PayPal. About 20% of the revenue for maintenance of www.needandroid.com comes from awful people like you who support through Paypal.. On this page, you will find the official link to download Meizu M1 Metal. Stock Firmware ROM (flash file) on your Computer. Firmware comes in a zip package, which contains Flash File, Flash Tool, Driver and How-to Manual.. So before jump into the manual upgradation setup, please make sure you have a good amount juice with at least 40-50% Charge. If not please charge the phone. Backup your phone in case if you need it later. If you brick the device we are not responsible. Do it at your own risk. Remember this guide is to update Stock ROM for Meizu M1 Metal .. Download Stock Firmware Meizu M1 Metal (flash file). How to Flash Meizu M1 Metal Stock Rom (Firmware).. [*] Take a Backup of your personal data before flashing or installing the firmware on your smartphone. As this helps you to recover the personal data whenever any thing wrong happens.Accordingly, I am pretty sure if you follow the exact steps then you can easily recover your phone. Did you find it helpful? Do let me know and share your experience in the comment section below.. TAGS File firmware flash How to How to install M1 M1 Metal Meizu Meizu M1 Metal Meizu ROM Meizu Stock Rom Metal Rom Stock Stock Firmware Stock Rom. Next article Download Meizu U10 USB Driver. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013K. Alcatel One Touch Idol Alpha 6032. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply. You have entered an incorrect email address!. Please enter your email address here. Download ZTE Blade L3 Lite Stock ROM. How to update firmware on Xiaomi Smartphone. Download ZTE Light Tab 3 V9S USB Driver. Download Huawei Ascend G615 USB Driver. Download and Install Doogee DG310 Stock Rom (Firmware). Download Leagoo M5 Plus USB Driver For Flashing Firmware. NeedAndroid.com is a new dedicated Android Tech Blog for Android Fans. The vision of NeedAndroid.com is to bring all bunch of Android Tips, Rooting Guide, Custom ROM, Recovery and Stock Firmware in one platform. Our team are a bunch of avid Android enthusiastic, who fairly brings all Android Guides, How to, Android Updates, Stock ROM etc.. Download and Install OEM USB Driver. How To Install MT65xx Preloader USB drivers. Download And Install SP Flash Tools. Firmware 740 Driver 668 How To 385 ZTE USB Driver 226 Huawei USB Driver 178 Vivo 120 Huawei 113 Apps Reviews 100 Blog 96. How to install Stock ROM in Vivo Y22 (Firmware). Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
DHgate.com - China Wholesale Marketplace Buy Globally · Sell Globally. New to DHgate? Join Free. Let us help you find what you need. View Cart ( 0 items). Sorry, the page does not exist.. Click either link below to go back to: Previous page Home page. Other items you might be interested in. Help improve your experience on DHgate.com, Please tell us what you think about this page.. China Wholesale | Security & Privacy | Help | China Manufacturers | Seller Home | New Products | Top Searches | Products Online | Refined Products | Discount Products | China Suppliers | Customer Service | Terms of Use | Russian | Portuguese | Italian | Spanish | French | German | Turkey. Copyright Notice © 2004 - 2018 DHgate.com All rights reserved.. 
HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. HUAWEI Honor 9 5.15 inch Dual Rear Camera 6GB RAM 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Helio P25 processor Octa-core processor up to 2. Meizu M1 Metal Helio X10 2.0GHz 2GB RAM 16GB ROM. Meizu M1 Metal Helio X10 2.0GHz 2GB RAM 16GB ROM. Dispatch: Ships within 3-5 business days. 1 Reviews (Rated 3 out of 5). We have detected that you have an item / items from EU direct, if you continue to add this item to the basket all the products will be shipped from our Chinese Warehouse. You have selected a Power bank product which cannot ship together with your Smartphone order. We can only ship Power banks via NL Post.. Tell us where you found this product cheaper and we will do our best to beat or match the same price.. Product URL: * Please enter URL. Email: * Please enter your email. PLEASE NOTE: Dear freinds,before placing an order, please double check the network whether it is avilable for you to use. Here is the related link, maybe useful to you : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_LTE_networks. Features 2.0GHz processor speed, a MTK MT6795 octa-core 64-bit chipset and 3GB RAM for efficient operation.. Yun OS base On Android Lollipop. Installs Yun OS (international version, with Google Play) base on Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system, allows you to stay connected and productive on the go.. With 1920x1080 pixel resolution for simple navigation and stunning visuals.. Corning Â® Gorilla third generation lens protective glass. Manufacturing process: GFF program (full bonding). 16GB ROM (Can be extended to 128GB). GSM: 850/900/1800/1900MHz; WCDMA: 850/900/1900/2100MHz, FDD LTE: B1/B3/B7. Hall magnetic induction, gravity sensor,Infrared distance sensors, gyroscope, ambient light sensor,. Name: * Please enter your name. Email: * Please enter your review email. Title: * Please enter your review title. Review: * Please enter your review. For just $4.99 have your power bank custom laser etched with either your message or logo. For logo's please email amanda@ibuygou.com, otherwise select your font and message to continue. For more information click here .. Font: * Please choose font. Message: * Please enter your message. An Upgraded PhoneHouse, Originated from China, intent on distributing, reselling top consumer electronics(like meizu, xiaomi, huawei, oppo etc) of top chinese brands.. © Copyright 2012-2018 iBuygou™ Trademark & All Rights Reserved.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books, Comics & Magazines Business, Office & Industrial Cameras & Photography Cars, Motorcycles & Vehicles Clothes, Shoes & Accessories Coins Collectables Computers/Tablets & Networking Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs, Films & TV Events Tickets Garden & Patio Health & Beauty Holidays & Travel Home, Furniture & DIY Jewellery & Watches Mobile Phones & Communication Music Musical Instruments Pet Supplies Pottery, Porcelain & Glass Property Sound & Vision Sporting Goods Sports Memorabilia Stamps Toys & Games Vehicle Parts & Accessories Video Games & Consoles Wholesale & Job Lots Everything Else. Hello ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collect & Spend Learn more. Refine your search for meizu metal. All listings - Current page. Quickly compare products with our new grouped view. Save meizu metal to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu metal to stop getting updates on your eBay feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. United Kingdom - UK Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M1/M2/M3 Note/M3s Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film HO. For Meizu PRO 6 7 Plus Note 6 M5C Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector AS1. Clear PC Back + Alloy Armor Metal Shockproof Frame Bumper Case Cover For Phone. MEIZU M1 METAL LCD+SCREEN TOUCH DISPLAY LCD+TOUCH SCREEN SCHERMO ECRAN. MEIZU M1 METAL SCREEN TOUCH TOUCH SCREEN DIGITIZER SCHERMO ECRAN. MEIZU M1 METAL 5,5”+ COVER COVER LEATHER SYNTHETIC CASE PROTECTIVE. For MEIZU Metal Ultra Thin Clear Gel Skin Case Back Cover. Meizu Blue Charm Metal M1 Cover Case Silicone Ultra Thin 3D Tpu Gel Transparent. For Meizu m1 metal - Clamp Style PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. for MEIZU METAL / MEIZU BLUE CHARM METAL Case Belt Clip Synthetic Leather Hor... for MEIZU METAL / MEIZU BLUE CHARM METAL Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder ... Cover Case Metal Meizu Mx5 Mx5e Funda Coque Bumper 3D Metal Thick Rigid Hard. For Meizu m1 metal - Clamp Style PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Meizu m1 metal - Fabric Mix Clip Function Wallet Case Cover. Detachable Metal Bumper Frame Case for Meizu M5 5.2" with Mirror Back. N4U Online® - Meizu m1 metal Premium PU Leather Pull Flip Tab Case Cover Pouch. For Meizu m1 metal - Fabric Mix Clip Wallet Case & Earphone. For Meizu m1 metal - Printed Design PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu m1 metal - Various Carbon Fibre Clip Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu m1 metal - Black Carbon Fibre Clamp PU Leather Flip Case. Hot Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case Cover For Meizu Smartphone. New Tempered Glass Steel Film for MeiZu Metal Screen Protector. Meizu Blue Charm Metal Telecom (5.5") Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case with Earphone. Luxury Genuine Leather Pull Tab Flip Pouch Sleeve Phone Case Cover for Meizu. DURAGADGET Blue Memory Foam Protective Case for the Meizu Pro 6 Smartphone. 1 Luxury Aluminum Metal Mirror Case hard Back Cover Skin For Meizu Various Phone. Case Silicone For Meizu Blue Charm Metal M1 Funda Coque Soft Rubber Tpu. For Meizu Note 6 Bling Glitter Soft Silicone Cover Case with Metal Ring Holder. New Clear Meizu M2 Mini/M3 Mini/Metal Transparent Case Plastic Cover Back Shell. for MEIZU METAL / MEIZU BLUE CHARM METAL Case belt Clip 360° Rotary Holster H... Quality Gym Running Sports Workout Armband Phone Case Cover for Meizu Phones. Fashion Metal Bumper & PC Back Protector Cover Phone Case For 5.5" Meizu U20. For Meizu m1 metal - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. The Vamps Case for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /The Vamps Graffiti Band Logo. For Meizu m1 metal - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. for MEIZU METAL / MEIZU BLUE CHARM METAL Holster Case belt Clip 360° Rotary H... Luxury Aluminum Metal Bumper Frame Case + Mirror PC Back Cover For MeiZu Phone. Protective Case for Meizu M2 Mini/M3 Mini/Metal Transparent Plastic Cover Shell. For Meizu Blue Charm Metal Telecom (5.5") Faux Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover. Detachable Metal Bumper Frame Case for Meizu M5 5.2" with Mirror Back. For Meizu m1 metal Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /Red Fashion. STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /Snowflake Pattern. Personalised Custom Stripes/Stripe d Phone Case for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm). STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /Super Hero Helmet. for MEIZU METAL / MEIZU BLUE CHARM METAL Professional Cover Armband Wraparoun... Replacement Touch Screen Display Glass Digitizer Panel Lens For Meizu M1 Metal. Full 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu M3 Note /Max /Metal WE2. Shockproof Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case Cover For Meizu. TOUCH SCREEN DIGITIZER GLASS Repairment For Meizu M1 MeiLan Metal 5.5". Replacement Touch Screen Digitizer Display Panel For Meizu M1 Metal Smartphones. Pouch Holster or Belt Clip or Armband for MEIZU METAL / MEIZU BLUE CHARM METAL. The Vamps Case/Cover for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /The Vamps Doodle Book. For Meizu m1 metal - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. See more like this The Vamps Case for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /The Vamps Graffiti Band Logo. See more like this STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /Red Fashion. Buy 1, get 1 50% off. See more like this STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /Snowflake Pattern. Buy 1, get 1 50% off. Buy 1, get 1 50% off. See more like this STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) /Super Hero Helmet. Buy 1, get 1 50% off. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days.. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days. New refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, while Used refers to an item that has been used previously.. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. Mobile Phones, Smart Watches, Accessories & Communication. £ Enter minimum price to £ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international postage options and costs.. 
You don't have permission to access /meizu-m1-metal/. error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.. 
How To Root Meizu m1 Metal Smartphone – Osroots. How To Root Meizu m1 Metal Smartphone – Osroots. Go to Menu Item > Setting Option > Application for run Unknown Sources. To enable the unknown Sources (tap the enable option). Need charging life of the battery up 50% to 60%. After rooting you will be lost your smartphone warranty. You will be done the work at your own risk. Steps For Root Meizu m1 Metal Smartphone. You should complete the installation Framaroot Apps. on your Meizu m1 Metal Smartphone smartphone. Make sure the enable USB debugging mode, Go to the setting then click developer option then enable the USB debugging mode from there. application with your Meizu m1 Metal Smartphone smartphone. After the succeed to Installed the apps on your smartphone, you will see the rooting logo into the HOME. Go > Home And Run the Framaroot apps. The Root option, when will appear then Click on the Green. After clicking the Root button, the program process may be taken after few times. Now selects an action to execute after root the Meizu m1 Metal Smartphone “ Install SuperSU “. Now you can see the Exploit result with a massage that “Success:- ) Superser and su binary installed. You have to reboot your device”. All the work have been done successfully of your Meizu m1 Metal Smartphone smartphone. Now, you can verify the Root status also using by rooting checker. Smartphone is important for you, who like to use their Meizu m1 metal Smartphone user frankly. We know that; root is only one way to customize any android Smartphone within a few minutes. A general android user don’t like to root or customize their Smartphone for losing warranty but an advance level android user like to customize or ROOT their Smartphone. We know that; the root is able to increase android smartphone battery life and user is able to install deference kind of paid apps on their smartphone free. Just a few disadvantage, otherwise root have so many advantage for android user. Today we will learn how to root Meizu m1 metal Smartphone. After rooting the Smartphone you are able to customize the phone fully. So that we are going to start the step by step guide for root Meizu m1 metal Smartphone.. You may also like to Hard Reset. Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window). Root Oppo A33 – Oppo Rooting Guideline [Osroots]. Best Way to Root Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus – Osroots. How to Root HTC Desire 626 USA – HTC Root – OSroots. Root Huawei Honor V8 – How to Root Huawei Cell Phone. Root Oppo A33 – Someone asked me about the rooting. Root Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus; This article helps you to. Root HTC Desire 626 USA Root HTC Desire 626 USA;. Root Huawei honor v8; here, you can root the Huawei. I am NoYoN, Full time Blogger. I like to Blogging and OSroots.com is one of my best blog. Here I provide all free tips for Rooting and Customize your android Smartphone.. Root Lenovo Vibe C2 – How to. Root Nokia 6 Smartphone – Nokia Android. Root Samsung galaxy S8 or S8 plus. Root Lava Z10 Smartphone – Osroots. Root Oppo F1 – Oppo Rooting Tips. Copyright © 2018 OSroots. Our website is made possible by displaying online advertisements to our visitors. Please consider supporting us by disabling your ad blocker.. 
Sourcing Solutions Services. Membership Help. One Request, Multiple Quotes Get the App. Related Searches for meizu m1 metal: mu metal sheet metal terne metal lion metal rc tank metal non conductive metals radiator covers metal adhesive backed metal shampoo metal waterproof metals decorative stamped metal small pieces of metal flexible sheet metal barn sheet metal low thermal conductivity metals More.... Home > metal > meizu m1 metal > 29 Results. Sort By : Relevancy Transaction Level Response Rate. Response Rate: 65.2%. Tags: Case For Meizu M1 Note2 | Back Cover For Meizu M1 Note2 | Mirror Phone Case For Meizu M1 Note2 | View larger image. [UPO] Luxury Aluminum Metal Bumper Mirror Phone Case Plastic Back Cover For Meizu m1 note2. US $0.78-1.38 / Piece. Guangzhou UPO Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 92.5%. Tags: Waterproof Case For Meizu Pro 7 | Waterproof Case For Meizu Note 5 | Waterproof Case For Meizu | View larger image. 2017 New Waterproof Bag Case For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M5 3S 5S Metal E E2 U20 X Note 2 3 5 MX5 MX6 Pro 5 6 Plus 7. US $2.4-2.8 / Piece. Response Rate: 65.2%. Tags: Back Cover | Mirror Case | Case For Meizu | View larger image. [UPO] New Arrival Luxury 24K Gold Aluminum Bumper Metal Mirror Back Cover Case for Meizu m1 metal. US $0.78-1.38 / Piece. Guangzhou UPO Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Tags: Meizu M1 Metal 4g Lte Smartphone | Meizu M1 Metal Mobile Phone | Meizu M1 Metal Cell Phone | View larger image. new arrival MEIZU M1 Metal 5.5 inch LTPS Screen Flyme 5 OS Smartphone RAM 2GB ROM16GB. US $120-130 / Unit. Response Rate: 36.4%. Tags: Meizu M1 Metal | Mofi Case | Meizu Metal | View larger image. 2016 MOFi Case for Original Meizu M1 Metal , Leather Flip Cover for Meizu Metal Case. US $2.1-2.15 / Pieces. Fuzhou Minhou Yipin Electronic Accessories Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 0.0%. Tags: Original Meizu M1 | Original Meizu | M1 Metal | View larger image. IN STOCK Original MEIZU M1 Metal 16GB 5.5 inch LTPS Screen Flyme 5 OS Smartphone, Helio X10 Octa Core 2.0GHz, RAM: 2GB. US $166-218 / Piece. Response Rate: 31.3%. Tags: For Meizu Metal Case | For Meizu Note Case | Cover For Meizu Note | View larger image. Electroplate mirror Metal frame Back Cover For Meizu Note Metal Case. US $1.45-1.85 / Piece. Guangzhou Rain Stone Trading Company Limited. Response Rate: 64.0%. Tags: Back Cover For Meizu Noblue M1 Note | For Meizu Noblue M1 Note Case | Metal Back Cover For Meizu Noblue M1 Note | View larger image. Hot sale PC Metal back cover for Meizu Noblue M1 Note case. US $0.9-1.8 / Piece. Response Rate: 55.4%. Tags: Metal Case For Meizu Meilan M1 5.0' | Hybrid Metal Case For Meizu Meilan M1 5.0' | Metal Bumper Hybrid Metal Case For Meizu Meilan M1 5.0' | View larger image. 2015Year Fahionsalbe PC Back Cover + Aviation Aluminum Metal Bumper Hybrid Metal Case for MEIZU MEILAN M1 5.0'. US $1.5-3.65 / Piece. Response Rate: 48.1%. Tags: Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy Trend Lite S7392 | Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Clone | For Meizu M1 Metal Case Cover | View larger image. search product back cover for samsung galaxy trend lite s7392/note 3 clone original touch screen,for meizu m1 metal case cover. US $1.15-1.35 / Piece. Guangzhou Ixiangzhe Leather Case Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 46.6%. Tags: Meizu Metal | Meizu Metal Smart Phone | Mobile Phone | View larger image. Orginal Meizu M1 Metal Helio X10 Octa Core 2.0GHz 5.5'' 1920x1080 4G LTE 2GB RAM 16/32GB ROM 13.0MP camera 3140mAh Battery. US $160-201.6 / Piece. Response Rate: 36.4%. MOFi Case Celular Housing for Meizu M1 Metal , Phone Handset Couqe Flip Leather Back Cover for Meizu Metal. US $2.1-2.15 / Pieces. Fuzhou Minhou Yipin Electronic Accessories Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 0.0%. Tags: Original Meizu Mobile Phone | Meilan Metal Octa Core | Mtouch 2.1 | View larger image. Original Meizu Metal Meizu M1 Metal 4G LTE Mobile Phone 5.5'' 1920*1080 Helio X10 Octa Core Flyme 5 OS 2GB 16GB/32GB Mtouch 2.1. US $170-218 / Piece. Response Rate: 92.5%. Tags: Flip Case Cover For Meizu Mx5 | For Meizu M3s Cover | Back Case Cover For Meizu M3 Note | View larger image. Nillkin Flip Leather Skin Bumper Back Cover Case For Meizu Pro 6 5 Plus Mx5 Mx4 Pro M5S M5 M3S M3 M2 M1 E X Note Metal. US $4.16-4.56 / Piece. Response Rate: 55.4%. Tags: Metal Bumper Frame + Pc Back Cover Case For Meizu M1 Note | Mofi Brand Metal Bumper Frame + Pc Back Mobile Phone Case For Meizu M1 Note | Wholesale Mofi Brand Metal Bumper Frame + Pc Back Mobile Phone Case For Meizu M1 Note | View larger image. Mofi Brand High Quality Aluminum Metal Bumper Frame + PU Leather Cover Case For Meizu M1 Note. US $3.25-4.85 / Piece. Response Rate: 92.5%. Tags: Flip Cover Case For Meizu Pro 6 | Flip Leather Case For Meizu M3 Note | Pu Leather Case For Meizu Pro 7 | View larger image. 2017 New Original Mofi Thin Flip Pu Leather Stand Cover Case For Meizu Pro 7 6 5 Plus M1 M2 M3 Note Metal. US $2.8-3.2 / Piece. Response Rate: 0.6%. Tags: For Meizu M1 Lcd | For Meizu M1 Lcd Display | For Meizu M1 Lcd And Digitizer | View larger image. For Meizu M1 Metal LCD Display+Touch Screen New Original Digitizer Glass Panel Assembly For Meizu M1 Metal 1920x1080 FHD 5.5inch. US $10-26 / Piece. Tags: For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd Touch Screen | For Meizu Metal M1 Lcd Assembly | For Meizu Metal M1 Lcd Touch Screen Spare Parts | View larger image. 100% Testing Pass Wholesale black and white for meizu metal m1 lcd touch screen spare parts , for meizu metal m1 lcd assembly. Guangzhou SELF Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 0.6%. Tags: Mobile Phone Parts | Full Lcd Complete | Lcd Assembly For Meizu M1 Metal | View larger image. Replacement Original Mobile Phone Parts Full LCD Complete LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M1 Metal. US $8-68 / Piece. Guangzhou Pan Chen Trading Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 72.7%. Tags: Lcd For Meizu Metal M1 Assembly | View larger image. 2016 advance sale lcd for meizu metal m1 assembly. US $1-5 / Piece. Dalian Baichao Metal Manufacture Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 90.2%. Tags: Lcd Touch Screen For Meizu M1 Metal | For Meizu M1 Metal | For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd | View larger image. Lcd Touch Screen for Meizu M1 Metal Display. Response Rate: 70.5%. Tags: For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd | Lcd Display For Meizu M1 Metal | View larger image. Replacement for Meizu M1 Metal Lcd Touch Screen and Display Digitizer Assembly. US $25-40 / Piece. Tags: For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd Assembly | For Meizu M1 Metal Display | For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd With Touch Screen | View larger image. For Meizu M1 Metal LCD assembly display lcd with touch screen. Tags: Touch Screen Replacement For Meizu Metal M1 | Display Touch Screen For Meizu Metal M1 | Replacement Lcd Screen For Meizu Metal M1 | View larger image. Touch Screen Digitizer and LCD Display for Meizu Metal M1. Guangzhou SELF Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 72.7%. Tags: Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M1 Metal Meilan Metal | Full Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M1 Metal | View larger image. Anti-explosion Silk printing FULL cover Tempered glass screen protector for Meizu M1 Metal Meilan Metal. US $0.19-0.65 / Piece. Shenzhen City Paiwei Technology Co., Limited. Tags: For Meizu M1 Metal Touch Screen | For Meizu M1 Metal Digitizer | For Meizu M1 Metal Pantalla Tactil | View larger image. For Meizu M1 Metal touch screen digitizer brand new quality. Tags: Screen Protector | Tempered Glass Screen Protector | Touch Screen Glass Film | View larger image. Screen Protector Premium Tempered Glass for Meizu M2 mini M2 Note2 M1 Note MX5 MX4 MX2 M3 Note3 Note Metal MX4 Pro 5 6 MX6. US $0.35-0.5 / Piece. Response Rate: 76.4%. Tags: Tempered Glass Screen Protectors | Curved Tempered Glass Screen Protector | 3d Tempered Glass Screen Protector | View larger image. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector HD Toughened Protective Film 2.5D 9H For MEIZU M1 M2 Note MX3 MX4 Pro MX5 Metal Meilan. US $0.3-0.35 / Piece. Shenzhen Qi Wei Da Digital Co., Ltd.. Tags: Replacement Assembly For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd Screen | For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd Screen | Touch Screen Digitizer For Meizu M1 Metal Lcd Screen | View larger image. Wholesale touch screen digitizer replacement assembly for meizu m1 metal lcd screen. Guangzhou SELF Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Prev 1 Next. Alibaba.com offers 29 meizu m1 metal products. There are 29 meizu m1 metal suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying country is China (Mainland), which supply 100% of meizu m1 metal. products are most popular in North America, Eastern Europe, and Western Europe.. Haven't found the right supplier yet ? Let matching verified suppliers find you. Do you want to show meizu m1 metal or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!. Minimum Order: OK. Onsite Checked (Advanced) A&V Checked (Basic). US$1 Million - US$2.5 Million (15). US$10 Million - US$50 Million (6). US$5 Million - US$10 Million (5). US$50 Million - US$100 Million (2). US$2.5 Million - US$5 Million (2). 4x8 metal Suppliers metal cube Suppliers scrap metal Suppliers. China metal China sheet metal China scrap metal. Download: Available on the App Store Available on Android. Follow Us: Facebook Twitter Youtube In. Alibaba.com Site: International - Español - Português - Deutsch - Français - Italiano - हिंदी - Pусский - 한국어 - 日本語 - اللغة العربية - ภาษาไทย - Türk - Nederlands - tiếng Việt - Indonesian - עברית. Alibaba Group | Taobao Marketplace | Tmall.com | Juhuasuan | AliExpress | Alibaba.com | 1688.com | Alimama | Fliggy | Taobao Global Alibaba Cloud | AliOS | AliTelecom | Autonavi | UCWeb | Umeng | Xiami | DingTalk | Alipay | Lazada. Browse Alphabetically: Onetouch | Showroom | Country Search | Suppliers | Wholesaler | Affiliate. Product Listing Policy - Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Meizu Blue Charm Metal Video clips. Vật Vờ| Mở hộp & đánh giá nhanh Meizu Metal: thiết kế đẹp, g.... Meizu Blue Charm Metal - Unboxing, Hands On & Antutu compari.... Meizu Blue Charm Metal - Videorecenzia. Meizu Blue Charm Metal first hand unboxing video. Microsoft Lumia 950 vs Meizu Blue Charm Metal. iPhone 6S vs Meizu Blue Charm Metal. Samsung Galaxy S6 vs Meizu Blue Charm Metal. Meizu Blue Charm Metal Fingerprint Recognition. Meizu Blue Charm Metal vs Xiaomi Mi 4C. Meizu Blue Charm Metal Antutu Benchmarks. Meizu Blue Charm Metal Fingerprint Recognition. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs Meizu Blue Charm Metal. Maxnews - Samsung Galaxy Golden 3, Meizu Blue Charm Metal, 3.... Meizu Blue Charm Metal Removable Metal Frame Cover. Meizu Blue Charm Metal, presentación e impresiones. Meizu Blue Charm Metal Removable Metal Frame Cover. Обзор Meizu M1 Metal Blue Charm - магний и аллюминий в борьб.... Meizu Blue Charm Metal vs OnePlus 2. Meizu Blue Charm Metal Antutu Benchmarks. MEIZU M1 BLUE CHARM METAL M57A Unboxing Video – in Stock at .... Meizu Blue Charm Metal vs Samsung Galaxy S6. Meizu Blue Charm Metal(2G-16G) VS Meizu MX5(3G-16G)Comparasi.... Meizu Blue Charm Note promotional video. Meizu Blue Charm Metal vs Apple iPhone 6s. Meizu Blue Charm Metal 16G V S Meizu MX5 16G Comparasion Vid.... รีวิว Meizu charm blue Metal โดย genustore.com. Meizu Blue Charm Metal vs HTC One A9. Preguntas y respuestas V: ¿Meizu Blue Charm Metallic?¿Por qu.... Meizu Blue Charm Metal vs Huawei P8. Meizu Metal Blue Charm Reviews- Meizusale.com. Meizu Blue Charm Note hands on. Meizu Blue Charm Metal Flos Tempered Glass Screen Protector .... Meizu M1 Metal (Blue Charm) - новинка, которая может уничтож.... Flosmall-Meizu Blue Charm M3S Fingerprint Recognition. Meizu M1 Metal – огляд стильного суцільнометалевого смартфон.... Meizu Blue Charm Note Hands On Review-Antelife.com. more Meizu Blue Charm Metal videos. The Meizu Blue Charm Metal is an affordable metal phone featuring MediaTek's Helio X10 octa-core processor, 2 GB of RAM 32 GB of storage (expandable via microSD card), 13-megapixel camera and 5-megapixel selfie unit on the front. Lenovo K4 Note vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs Meizu m1 Metal: specs comparison. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Meizu m1 metal: Características y especificaciones. El Meizu m1 metal es un smartphone Android con una pantalla 1080p de 5.5 pulgadas, procesador Helio X10 octa-core, 2GB de RAM, 16GB o 32GB de almacenamiento interno expandible, cámara principal de 13 megapixels, cámara frontal de 5 megapixels, chasis metálico, y corre Android 5.1 Lollipop.. Reviews de usuarios del Meizu m1 metal. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Meizu m1 metal. Conectividad 4G LTE Procesador octa-core 64 bits Muy buena densidad de pixels (403ppi). Batería no reemplazable por el usuario. Meizu m1 metal características avanzadas. Opina sobre el Meizu m1 metal. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 1(2100), 3(1800), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 150.7 x 75.3 x 8.2 mm. LCD IPS LTPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. microSD, hasta 128GB (en SIM 2). - 16GB/32GB memoria interna, 2GB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10 octa-core 2GHz, GPU PowerVR G6200. Flyme OS 5.1 basado en Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 13 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, flash LED dual, detección de rostro, foco táctil, HDR, geo-tagging, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 5 MP f/2.0, 1080p. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; Wi-Fi Direct; banda dual. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. Opiniones y Comentarios Meizu m1 metal. No hay opiniones para el Meizu m1 metal. Sé el primero en dejar una opinión sobre el Meizu m1 metal .. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Meizu m1 metal. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Meizu m1 metal. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Meizu m1 metal a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
The next video is starting stop. Meizu M1 Metal Review - Grossoshop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Meizu M1 Metal Review - Grossoshop Tanti prodotti disponibili all'interno del nostro Store www.grossoshop.net vi aspettiamo. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M1 metal and MX5 comparison. LeTV 1s vs Meizu Metal - App Start Test. Meizu Metal vs Xiaomi mi 4c VS Meizu PRO5. Meizu Metal unboxing, specs, antutu, game video from 1949deal.com. Meizu Metal - unboxing si primele impresii | GADGET.RO |. Letv 1S(X500) unbox real phone testing. Meizu Metal unboxing & Hands On. Meizu Metal 16GB ROM 4G Phablet - Gearbest.com. [Translated]Meizu meilan metal review and hands on#SamiLuo. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 review and comparison with Meizu M1 metal. Meizu Metal Unboxing e Primissime Impressioni ITA. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home > Meizu > Meizu M1 Metal. Download Meizu M1 Metal Stock Firmware (flash file) How to Flash. On this page, you will find the official link to download Meizu M1 Metal Stock Firmware ROM (flash file) on your Computer. Firmware comes in a zip package, which contains Flash File, Flash Tool, USB Driver and How-to Flash Manual.. File Name : Meizu_M1_Metal_MT6795_16102015.zip File Size : 1 GB How to Flash : Follow Tutorial Firmware Link : Click here to Start Download. Step 1 : Download and extract the Meizu M1 Metal stock firmware on your computer.. Step 2 : After extracting, you will be able to get the Firmware File, Flash Tool, Driver and How-to Flash Guide.. Step 3 : Install the provided USB Driver on your Computer if in case USB Driver is already installed, SKIP this step).. Step 4 : Follow the How-to Flash Guide to Flash the Firmware on your Meizu M1 Metal Device.. [*] Take a Backup : If you are going to flash the above Firmware on your Meizu M1 Metal device, then take a backup of everything as because your personal data will be deleted after flashing the stock firmware.. [*] The firmware shared on this page is officially released by the company and helps you to recovery your device if you ever got bootloop, software error, update error, hanging and dead issue.. Alcatel Firmware Samsung Firmware Vivo Firmware. Made with ♥ in Spain | Powered by BlueHost. 
Meizu m1 metal - Điện thoại giá rẻ, cấu hình cao. Thiết kế khá giống iPhone 6. Meizu m1 metal có thiết kế tổng thể khá tương đồng với chiếc iPhone 6 đến từ Apple , tuy nhiên m1 metal đã loại bỏ được đường ăng ten bắt sóng bị “ném đá” khá nhiều trên các dòng iPhone.. Mặt lưng của m1 Metal phẳng hoàn toàn với camera không lồi lên so với mặt lưng khiến thiết bị trông thanh thoát và sang trọng hơn.. Mặt lưng phẳng hoàn toàn của m1 Metal. Các góc cạnh của máy được bo tròn mềm mại cho cảm giác cầm nắm tốt, ngoài ra thì các chi tiết trên máy cũng được gia công tốt và độ hoàn thiện cao.. Các chi tiết được hoàn thiện tốt. Meizu m1 metal sở hữu cho mình màn hình kích thước 5.5 inch IPS LCD độ phân giải 1080 x 1920 pixels cho chất lượng hiển thị tốt.. Ngoài ra thì màn hình này còn được bảo vệ bởi lớp kính Dinorex T2X-1 cong 2.5D cho khả năng chống trầy xước cũng như cảm giác vuốt từ cạnh viền vào màn hình mượt mà.. Về mặt cấu hình, Meizu m1 Metal có “trái tim” mạnh mẽ với bộ xử lí 8 nhân MediaTek Helio X10 2.0 GHz, PowerVR G6200 cùng 2 GB RAM. Đặc điểm của bộ xử lí Helio X10 là cho giá thành rẻ cùng xung nhịp cao, tuy nhiên GPU lại khá “đuối” so với những dòng chip Snapdragon của Qualcomm hay Exynos của Samsung .. Trải nghiệm thực tế cho thấy m1 Metal cho khả năng xử lí các tác vụ hằng ngày mượt mà, chiến tốt các game nặng, có đồ họa cao ở mức khá.. Camera có độ phân giải lớn. Meizu Metal còn “ghi điểm” với camera chính 13 MP cùng đèn LED kép, camera trước 5 MP hỗ trợ quay video Full HD.. Chất lượng ảnh mà m1 Metal mang lại là khá tốt, ảnh có độ chi tiết cao, màu sắc hài hòa. Camera selfie của máy cũng hứa hẹn đem đến cho bạn những bức ảnh selfie ảo diệu nhất.. Meizu còn chăm chút cho m1 Metal với công nghệ bảo mật Touch ID đang rất hot trên thị trường.. Phím Home có tích hợp bảo mật vân tay. Có thể nói những gì mà Meizu m1 Metal mang lại so với tầm giá thì thực sự smartphone đến từ Meizu là món hời với người dùng Việt Nam.. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Bình luận mới vừa được thêm vào. Meizu m1 vs sony m4 aqua máy nào mạnh hơn ạ. Dạ với trường hợp này thì cả 2 sản phẩm đều mạnh anh nhé nhưng hiện 2 sản phẩm này bên em đều ngừng kinh doanh rồi ạ, không biết anh có thể tham khảo sản phẩm khác bên em sẽ hỗ trợ anh ạ. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Tiến Đạt phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Meizu m1 chơi liên đc ngon ko ạ. Chào anh, Hiện tại cấu hình của sản phẩm chỉ dừng lại ở mức khá chơi game nhiều sẽ khá giật lag ạ, Thân gửi đến anh.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Việt Nguyễn phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Con này giá lúc trước tgdd bán bao nhiêu vậy ?. Chào anh Trường hợp này thì Thegioididong.com chưa kinh doanh các sản phẩm Meizu bao giờ nên em không có thông tin nha anh Thông tin đến Anh!. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 10 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thanh Hưng phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Cho e hỏi bên mình có bán op deo ko ạ. Meizu m1 metal hiện Thegioididong.com không. Chị có thể ra các cửa hàng chuyên về phụ kiện xem có sản phẩm phù hợp không chị. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 năm trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Hoàng Nguyên phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Meizu nếu về vn thì giá bao nhiu ạ. Chào Phương Nguyễn, Rất tiếc là Thegioididong.com không có thông tin cụ thể về giá bán sản phẩm bạn nhé. Bạn thử tham khảo thêm thông tin tại các cửa hàng có kinh doanh xem sao nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 năm trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Trần Đạc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Cho mình hỏi bên mình có dán màn hình cho meizu metal ko ạ ???. Chào bạn, Bên mình cos hỗ trợ dán màn hình sản phẩm với giá mặt trước là 80.000đ và mặt sau là 60.000đ được bảo hành 1 năm 1 đổi 1 và đổi trả miến phí trong 30 ngày đầu bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 năm trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Chí Hào phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Chí Hào: dán là dán nilon trong đúng ko ạ Mà có sẵn hay phải cắt hả QTV Và tgdd ở uông bí quảng ninh có sẵn ko ạ. Xem tiếp 4 trả lời khác ▾. Các miếng dán dành cho máy là các miếng dán. Film có tính năng chống trầy bạn nha. Và hiện tại khu vực Quản Ninh không có miếng dán sẵn cho máy nên phải cắt thủ công bạn nha. Tuy nhiên độ thẩm mĩ vẫn được đảm bảo, nên bạn cứ an tâm bạn nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 năm trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Duy Thanh phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Duy Thanh: cắt thủ công là dùng dao cắt trực tiếp lúc dán ạ. Cắt thủ công là phải dùng dao cắt trực tiếp nha bạn, tuy nhiên bạn có thể yên tâm nhân viên bên Thegioididong.com có nghiệp vụ rất chuyên nghiệp sẽ đảm bảo được chất lượng cũng như thẩm mĩ cho sản phẩm của bạn nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 năm trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thành Thành phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Thành Thành:không kinh danh đt meizu mà có miếng dán bó tay tgdđ. tgdd có kinh doanh meizu k vây?. Chào bạn, Hiện tại thì Thegioididong.com chưa kinh doanh máy của hãng này nhé! Bạn tham khảo hãng khác ạ. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 năm trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thiện Hòa phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. tgdd viếc tupic cho có..chớ có kinh doanh MEIZU đâu mà mua. Chào bạn, Với sản phẩm bạn quan tâm, máy chỉ mới ra mắt, bên mình vẫn chưa có sản phẩm để kinh doanh ạ, mong bạn thông cảm. Bạn vui lòng theo dõi wedsite Thegioididong.com để cập nhật thông tin mới nhất về sản phẩm bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng 1 Không hài lòng 1 1 năm trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Đình Thao phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Màn hình: Hệ điều hành: Camera sau: Camera trước: CPU: RAM: Bộ nhớ trong: Thẻ SIM: Dung lượng pin:. IPS LCD , 5.5", Full HD. MT6795 (Helio x10) 8 nhân 64-bit. 1 Nano SIM , Hỗ trợ 4G. HOT Mua sim 4G Viettel (2.5GB data/tháng). Thông số kỹ thuật chi tiết Meizu m1 metal. Tin tức về Meizu m1 metal. 10 mẹo cực hay khi xài Meizu khiến các smartphone khác phải ganh tị. Smartphone vỏ nhôm, màn hình full HD, camera 13MP giá chưa đến 5 triệu. Meizu M6 Note camera kép và giá cực mềm, lộ hình ảnh thực tế. Đây là chiếc smartphone pin "trâu", RAM 3GB, ROM 32GB, vân tay giá rẻ nhất. Xem tất cả các tin liên quan. Tìm hiểu về mua trả góp. Đăng ký cho thuê mặt bằng. Giới thiệu công ty (mwg.vn). Tìm siêu thị (1747 shop). Gọi mua hàng 1800.1060 (7:30 - 22:00). Gọi khiếu nại 1800.1062 (8:00 - 21:30). Gọi bảo hành 1800.1064 (8:00 - 21:00). Hỗ trợ kỹ thuật 1800.1763 (7:30 - 22:00). Công ty cổ phần Thế Giới Di Động. GPDKKD: 0303217354 do sở KH & ĐT TP.HCM cấp ngày 02/01/2007. GP số 22/GP-ICP-STTTT do Sở TTTT TP HCM cấp ngày 20/03/2012.. Địa chỉ: 128 Trần Quang Khải, P. Tân Định, Q.1, TP.Hồ Chí Minh. Chịu trách nhiệm nội dung: Huỳnh Văn Tốt. Xem chính sách sử dụng web. Đang xử lý, vui lòng đợi trong giây lát.... 
How to root Meizu m1 metal. Posted on 12/05/2016 by Ramikatz in HOW TO , Phone , Root // 0 Comments. How to root Meizu m1 metal. I want to root Meizu m1 metal. What can i do after rooting. What is the meaning of Root. performs the root Meizu m1 metal , you should know these things. and copy paste to your phone’s SD card. After intalling KingRoot app, Open it. After performing Root, You can use your phone. and Pop S9 custom Roms/Stock Roms/Recovery. I can’t root my Meizu m1 metal. su binary needs to be updated/kinguser binary (su) must be updated. has Stopped” Error in Meizu m1 metal. Fix “Unfortunately, kingroot has Stopped” Error in Meizu m1 metal. No Strategy Found/need root/ Root Failed! ConnectionUnstabitil. How to speed up and increase battery life on rooted phone. error code of 172/Error #5/error /#6 Error # 7/ Error # 8/ Error # 9. SP Pop S9 TOOL ERROR 8100,. Can not find USB port !. fix Google Play Store error codes. Android system has been reburned and modified, please depot re-brush machine is shutting down”. Your Phone is so solid to root: Network error. we provide instructions with pictures to root. Also known as Meizu Blue Charm Metal and we discuss errors of rooting and solutions and we provide root files for your phone. in this post, we included all possible rooting apps and other possible methods (see below). Note – Root Advantage and Disadvantage. After rooting, phone processes runs its ultimate speed.. That means, no more getting stuck, freezing, no more force stop messages. Note – If you want these performance, then you need to install some root apps. After Rooting, you can Unlock Hidden Features and Install “Incompatible Applications” and. Automate Everything in your phone,Boost Battery Life and. as wel as you can Remove Pre-installed apps. What can I do with a rooted phone. What is the Stock & Custom Rom? Firmware? Bootloader?. Actually a rooted phone is, you can do anything to phone. Just like phone which you made yourself. Normally before rooting, you can perform limited tasks but after rooting it change.. ♥ A s a admin user in your computer you can do anything. but If you are a guest user then you can do limited things. after rooted, your are the admin/ high privilege user. You can do this if you have unlocked phone. phone, it cause to cancel phone’s warranty. phone’s pc software does not want to install but phone driver must works on your PC without error.. Requirement for rooting your phone. Your phone should have 50% + battery. ♦ You had better get backup. (easy and ultimate backup) before Rooting.. Top One Root apps for Meizu m1 metal. Go to SD card, tap the “kingroot” then, check “unknown sources”. To check whether rooted or not install this root checker app .. IF you want to Unroot , Click this. and remove roots apps and restart the phone. follow this guide line step by step with new files.. Not works? then go to 2. Delete cache and data in kinguser. Error 110,Error 505,Error 923,Error 961, Error 504, Error rh01, Error 919, Error 921, Error – 923,. error – 491, Error 101,Error 481. 3.delete media fies and get space.. I found Solution from androidcentr al. Are you sure Data /WIFI is on?. If it is off, on it.. root root android phone root meizu root with kingroot. Ramikatz is a writer, blog hunter, From Asia. He has been interesting about Phone Hardware-software and also PC Hardware-software and SEO for years. This website was invented by him. GoGoRapid receives 250,000+ page views per month. You can also joint us and adverties with us. Increase Internal Rom SIZE after root. Top 10 Root Apps for Android. Enable OTG (Pen) support on rooted Device. Flash Stock Rom for this phone. Copyright &copy 2015 - 2018 |Ramisunet Team | Romal All rights reserved. 
Updated on: 26th February 2018. Meizu m1 metal Price in India Meizu m1 metal Details Buy Meizu m1 metal for Rs. on Lowest price of Meizu m1 metal was obtained on 26 Feb 2018 Latest price of Meizu m1 metal in India was fetched online from Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal, Shopclues, eBay and Tata Cliq. The above listed sellers provide delivery in several cities including New Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Lucknow & more. Home Mobile Prices. (Roll over image to zoom in). 5 star 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 stars. Screen Size : 5.5 inch Internal Memory : 32 GB RAM : 2 GB Primary Camera : 13 MP Battery Capacity : 3140 mAh OS Version : Android 5.1 Processor Speed : 2 Ghz Processor Type : Octa Core Secondary Camera : 5 MP. Features & Score (view all). Product colour / variants Price Sort by Relevancy Price Low-High Price High-Low Store Rating. Didn't find the right price? Set price drop alert now. We'll notify you as soon as the price drops. based on 5 ratings Reviews Not Available. based on 0 ratings Reviews Not Available. based on 0 ratings Reviews Not Available. Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 4 GB Ram. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 ZTE Blade V7 Gionee Elife S8 Vivo X6 Xiaomi Redmi 4A 32 GB With 2 GB ..... Price too high? Get instant price drop alert by Email. Meizu m1 metal Oops, this product is currently not available.. About Us Contact Us Terms Our Blog. Our Apps: Follow us:. 
