> "meizu pro 7". 8.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 42.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 30.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 15.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 5.0% of users bought products in this price range.. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4GB 64GB MTK Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP 4G LTE Cell Phone. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE Global Version Cell Phone 4GB 64GB Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P Dual Rear 12.0MP Dual Screen. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB/128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Dual Scree Cell Phone. Meizu Pro 7 4GB 128GB MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 4G LTE 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge Cell Phone. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 2.6GHz 5. 7 " 2560*1440 AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 3500mAh Fingerprint ID. Original Meizu Pro 7 4GB 128GB Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge Dual Screen 16.0MP Front Camera. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB 64GB MTK Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge3.0 Cell Phone. Meizu Pro 7 dual camera 4G LTE 4GB 64GB 128G Octa Core Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP WIFI GPS bluetooth. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64/128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " Screen Dual Rear Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB RAM 128GB ROM MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear camera Fast Charge. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 MTK Helio P25 Dual display Dual Rear 12.0MP PRO7 Cell Phone fingerprint front camera dual screen GPS wifi. instock Meizu Pro 7 dual camera 4G LTE 4GB 64GB Octa Core Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP black color. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE Cell Phone Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen 4GB 64GB 128GB Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charger. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB RAM 64GB 128GB ROM MTK Helio Deca Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB/128GB 5. 7 " 2K Super AMOLED Screen Deca Core Helio X30 Dual Rear Camera Two-sided Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB 128GB 64GB MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5.2" 1080P Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge Cell Phone. Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE Cell Phone 4GB 64GB Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge. instock Meizu Pro 7 global version 4G LTE 4GB 64GB Octa Core Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP black color. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Global Version 64G 128G ROM 4G LTE Deca Core 5. 7 inch 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone wifi GPS. Tempered Glass For meizu Pro 7 M5s M5c M6 M5 note Glass Screen protector Film For meizu Pro 6 U10 U20 M3 note Tempered Glass. Phone Case For Meizu Pro 7 plus Case Silicone Cover For Meizu Pro 7 plus 5. 7 " Cover 3D Soft Cases fundas for Meizu Pro 7plus bag. LEPHEE Original Meizu Pro 7 Case Cover Pro7 Plus Back Cover Silicone Soft TPU Phone Capas Ultra Thin Cover Meizu Pro 7 Plus Case. Luxury TPU Leather case For Meizu Pro 7 Case Shockproof Slim Soft Silicone Rubber Armor Cases Phone Cover For Meizu Pro 7. Luxury Hard Back Matte Case For Meizu Pro 6 7 plus Cover Full Body Plastic Protective Case For meizu M6 note M3 note M5 note M5c. For Meizu Pro 7 Case Back Cover For Meizu Pro7 3D Stereo Relief Painting Soft Silicon TPU Phone Protector Funda Capa. Tempered Glass For Meizu Pro 7 M5s M6 note M5c M5 note Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu Pro 6 M3 note U10 U20 Glass Film. SPEDU Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M5c m5s m6 note m5 note meizu pro 6 7 U10 U20 MX6 M3S Glass Film. Luxury Hard PC cases For Meizu M5 Note M5C M5S case protection Back cover For Meizu M3 Note M3S Case For Meizu Pro 7 Phone shell. Luxury Soft Thin TPU Back Full Cover Case For Meizu Pro 5 Pro 6 Pro 7 Plus MX6 M5 M5S Cases For Meizu M5 Case Meizu M5 Note Case. Shenzehn RH 3C Trading Company Co.,Ltd. For Meizu Pro 7 case, 3D Relief painting soft Silicon back cover case for Meizu Pro7. Luxury Soft TPU Back Coque Case for Meizu M2 M3 Note Cover For Meizu Pro 7 6 MX6 U20 U10 Case For Meizu M5C M5S M5 M5 Note Case. Shenzehn RH 3C Trading Company Co.,Ltd. Meizu Pro 7 Case Meizu Pro7 Case Cover 5.2 inch Silicone Back Cover Colorful Painting Phone Case For Meizu Pro 7 TPU Soft Case. PZOZ USB Type C Cable Original Type-C USB-C Fast Charger For Samsung Galaxy S8 Xiaomi Mi6 ZTE Axon 7 LG G5 Nubia Z11 Meizu PRO 6. 2.5D Full Cover 9H Tempered Glass For Meizu M5C M3E MX6 M3 Note M5S M5 M6 Note Screen Protector For Meizu Pro 6 7 Plus Glass. For Meizu M6 Note Case Luxury Soft Thin TPU Silicone Full Cover For Meizu Pro 7 6 Pro 5 MX6 Case For Meizu M5 Note M5S M5 Cases. Cool Luxury Case For Meizu Pro 7 PRO7 Case Cover Soft Silicone Phone Case for Meizu Pro 7 Pro7 Protective TPU Covers Coque Cover. Wallet Case For Meizu Pro 7 IDOOLS Rising Stars PU Leather Covers 5.2 Inch Mobile Phone Accessories Bags Cases for Meizu Pro 7. Meizu Pro 7 case cover pro7 back cover silicone soft TPU phone capas transparent ultra clear MOFi original Meizu pro 7 plus case. For Meizu Pro 7 Case Fashion Printed Soft Silicone TPU Clear Back Cover Ultra Thin Fundas For Meizu Pro 7 PRO7 Phone Cases. LEPHEE Original Meizu Pro 7 Case Cover Pro7 Plus Back Cover Silicone Soft TPU Phone Capas Ultra Thin Cover Meizu Pro 7 Plus Case. Luxury TPU Leather case For Meizu Pro 7 Case Shockproof Slim Soft Silicone Rubber Armor Cases Phone Cover For Meizu Pro 7. Best buy multiple price choices for meizu pro 7 on Aliexpress.com. We offer about 7,056 related meizu pro 7 results. Based on the data, about 6569 products are free shipping.. You can compare different products in this price range 429~457. Also before making the decision, the info like 30.0% of users had bought the products at the price of 429~457 you can refer.. Big promotion for meizu pro 7:. Discount for cheap meizu pro 7:. Insightful Reviews for meizu pro 7:. Customer Service , Disputes & Reports , Making Payment , Delivery Options , Buyer Protection , New User Guide , Report IPR infringement. Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish. All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Retail , Reviews. Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Xiami , AliOS , 1688. Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2018 AliExpress.com. 
GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 157.3 x 77.2 x 7.3 mm (6.19 x 3.04 x 0.29 in). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.7 inches, 88.5 cm 2 (~72.9% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~518 ppi density). - Secondary 2" AMOLED display, 240 x 536 pixels. Deca-core (2x2.6 GHz Cortex-A73, 4x1.9 GHz Cortex-A35, 4x2.2 GHz Cortex-A53). Dual: 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.9", 1.25 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging: 45% in 30 min (mCharge 4.0). Basemark OS II 2.0: 2380 / Basemark X: 22472. Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 4.147 (sunlight). Voice 87dB / Noise 72dB / Ring 90dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu Pro 7 Plus - user opinions and reviews. hi there is it worth to buy?????. does this phone supports Arabic Language?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu Pro 7 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Mi 6 Meizu M6 Note Huawei Mate 10 Pro Samsung Galaxy S8. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Bailey Stein September 19, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Innovative secondary display looks very cool. Secondary display doesn't add much functional value at the moment. Not available in the United States. With the Pro 7 Plus, Meizu has implemented a unique secondary display while still delivering a great overall package. While we wouldn't recommend buying this phone solely for the secondary display, we strongly believe that it is an excellent choice for those looking for something genuinely unique.. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Primary Display 5.2-inch Super AMOLED display. 423 ppi 5.7-inch Super AMOLED display. Octa-core processor up to 1.6GHz Meditatek Helio X30. GPU ARM Mali-T880 IMG PowerVR 7XTP. RAM 4 GB LPDDR4X 6 GB LPDDR4X. Storage 64 GB 64 GB (UFS 2.1). Cameras Rear: (x2) Sony IMX386, 12 MP, f/2.0. Front: 16 MP f/2.0 Rear: (x2) Sony IMX386, 12 MP, f/2.0. 3.5 mm headphone jack USB Type-C (USB 3.1). Connectivity Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n dual band. Bluetooth 4.2, LE Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac dual band. Dimensions and weight 147.6 x 70.7 x 7.3 mm. 163g 157.3 x 77.2 x 7.3 mm. When we reviewed the Meizu Pro 6 Plus earlier this year, we were very impressed by its excellent hardware. We made sure to note just how much Meizu’s Flyme 6 software helped the phone stand out amongst a sea of mid-range smartphones.. Four months later (our Pro 6 Plus review was admittedly a little late…) and we are ready to share our thoughts on Meizu’s most striking phone yet, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus. The Pro 7 Plus promises a signature Meizu experience with an added bonus: a secondary rear-facing display.. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus arrive, unique rear display in tow. Once upon a time, standing out in the smartphone realm was as simple as having a faster processor, some more RAM, throwing in a fingerprint scanner, and maybe upping that screen size to something bigger â¦. Meizu Pro 6 Plus review: great hardware augmented by excellent software. While blockbuster smartphone manufacturers like Samsung and LG continue to target ultra high-end markets, some Chinese makers are working hard to develop comparable options at significantly lower price points. The affordable flagship trend was first â¦. You may be asking yourself “but why?” Perhaps you’re curious about the display’s implementation and features. Or you might be wondering if the Pro 7 Plus is a good buy, regardless of the secondary display. Let’s answer all of those questions and more with our comprehensive Meizu Pro 7 Plus review!. If we ignore the addition of a secondary display for just a second, the Pro 7 Plus design is quite similar to that of the Pro 6 Plus. That shouldn’t be taken as a drawback though. We really liked the Pro 6 Plus’ design and are happy to see a familiar design here.. The first thing you'll notice is how well built it feels. The first thing you’ll notice when picking up the Pro 7 Plus is how well built it feels. That may sound a tad clichÃ©, but the Pro 7 Plus truly shines in this regard. The choice of materials especially helps the phone feel premium.. The aluminum unibody isn’t just strong and sleek. It actually feels softer than you would expect too, which makes the Pro 7 Plus more comfortable in the hand.. Unfortunately, this softer aluminum also means that the Pro 7 Plus is quite slippery. The flat edges do help make the phone easier to grip, but you may still want to consider a case. Thankfully, Meizu includes a free plastic case in the box.. Returning to the design, the Pro 7 Plus is available in a number of attractive color options: matte black, space black, silver, and gold. There is also a smaller Pro 7 model that is available in a bright red. As you likely suspected, we are reviewing the matte black model. The other Pro 7 Plus color options feature brushed aluminum instead if you prefer a more showy look.. The matte black unit is definitely more minimal looking though. The curved antenna lines at the top and bottom of the phone are barely noticeable. Aspects like the flush, curved, and cornered secondary display glass along with the carefully chamfered edges help the phone feel like a single piece of hardware.. We would have liked to see more understated Meizu branding on the bottom right instead of the silver, tactile branding as it slightly detracts from the phone’s minimal look. With that said, we can appreciate the uniqueness of this approach this time around.. Smaller details like the integrated light and proximity sensors in the earpiece and symmetrical top and bottom bezels add some serious polish to the overall design. It was details like these that made us repeatedly admire our unit’s premium build during our time with it.. The Pro 7 Plus does not include any water or dust protection. Unlike many true flagship smartphones, the Pro 7 Plus does not include any water or dust protection. This is not very surprising given the cost of implementing such protection, but it’s something to keep in mind if you are also considering more expensive options.. One of the more controversial aspects of Meizu’s smartphones is their single-key navigation configuration. With the Pro 7 Plus and mTouch, you go home by physically pressing down on the button and go back by tapping the button. For multitasking, you just swipe up from either the left or right side of the bottom bezel.. Almost everyone is accustomed to a three-key layout, where every function is visually represented. Perhaps the fear of change is why some people dislike the idea of a single button, but other OEMs have also offered it. While it can take a day or two to get used to, you may well end up loving this setup for its clever simplicity.. Navigation isn’t all the Pro 7 Plus’ single key can do though — it’s also a fingerprint reader. Although it’s not as quick as the quickest out there , it is still very much comparable to options like the Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6 .. Since the Pro 7 Plus is running the same Flyme 6 software as its predecessor, it also includes the same extra fingerprint reader features. App lock, for example, allows you to add an extra layer of fingerprint security on a per-app basis.. There are also some powerful per-finger features. For example, you can select certain contacts, apps, and files to only be available in privacy mode. You could then make it so that one finger gives you access to those items while your other fingers do not.. Similar to its predecessor, the Pro 7 Plus is sporting a 5.7-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display. We already declared the Pro 6 Plus’ display to be one of the best in this price category and the Pro 7 Plus’ display is even better.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus has an all around excellent display. Color reproduction is excellent, the display is well saturated for punchy colors, and sunlight readability is fairly good. It’s an all around excellent display.. We also really like the size. While 5.5-inches is a great middle ground, it’s nice that Meizu is giving customers the choice between a smaller 5.2-inch display with the Pro 7 and a larger 5.7-inch screen on the Pro 7 Plus. If you watch a lot of videos and frequently browse the mobile web, this size is perfect.. Meizu has dropped their 3D Press technology with this iteration of the Pro line, which is understandable since it was never a very useful feature. If this is something you really want, the Pro 6 Plus is still available.. There’s also no Always On Display (AOD) feature this time around. That’s because there’s a new way to check the time: with the secondary display.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’ secondary display is unmistakably its standout feature. It may even be the sole reason that you’re checking out this review. Its uniqueness makes it a very enticing feature.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus has a secondary 1.9-inch 240 Ã 536 AMOLED panel on the back. The secondary display is positioned on the top left area on the back of the Pro 7 Plus. The display itself covers a good portion of the glass below the camera configuration. In case you’re wondering, it’s a 1.9-inch 240 Ã 536 AMOLED panel. That’s a high enough resolution for what the display is.. So, what does it do? Well, there are three main information panels that you can swipe between: time, pedometer, and weather. These three panels provide some on-demand, basic information. The pedometer and weather panels have colorful animated icons, which is a nice touch.. The pedometer is independent of any app and appears to be very accurate when walking with the phone in your hand, but too liberal when walking with the phone in your pocket. The weather corresponds to what is shown in the system Weather app, which gets its data from Accuweather.. Here you can take photos...using the rear cameras!. If you swipe up or down on any of the information panels, you get to the viewfinder mode. Here you can take photos…using the rear cameras! This allows you to capture considerably higher quality selfies than if you were to use the front-facing camera (comparison under Camera).. There’s also no fussing around with unlocking the phone and getting to the camera app, which makes it easy to get a quick photo.. In addition to these on-demand core features, the secondary display also shows “new notification” for all notifications, music controls for the system Music app, event times and titles prior to an event, alarms, and the battery percentage when charging.. There seems to be some confusion surrounding how you activate the secondary display. To clarify, it is not an always on display. Instead, it activates when it thinks you turn the phone from front to back. If you have the Pro 7 Plus facing screen down on a table, picking up the phone is not enough to activate the secondary display. You have to turn the phone to the front first and then turn it around to the back.. Thankfully, there is an optional double tap to wake feature which lets you activate the secondary screen manually by just double tapping on it.. The secondary display only shows the time in a 24-hour format and the temperature in Celsius, even if you have 12-hour and Fahrenheit formats selected in the phone settings. We can forgive this since the phone is not intended for sale in the United States, one of the only countries still using 12-hour and Fahrenheit formats.. It's one of the coolest smartphone features that we've seen this year. Overall: we are very pleased with the innovation by Meizu that brought us the secondary display. It’s one of the coolest smartphone features that we’ve seen this year, which is saying a lot. We are sure you can share our appreciation of Meizu’s successful attempt to differentiate.. With that said, we do feel that the secondary display could be improved. The hardware implementation is great, but the software could use some work. That’s absolutely fine given that this is the first try; I mean, can you imagine using Android 1.0 today?. Related: Smartphones features on the way out. On the top of our wish list are improvements to current features. We wish we could see actual notifications (or at least which app is sending them), be able to control third party music apps, and record video using the camera viewfinder. We believe that the secondary screen could use some new features too. We would like to be able to view our daily agenda, put the phone in and out of silent mode, and set timers and alarms.. Some good news: all of our wishes and likely most of yours can be fulfilled with future software updates instead of hardware changes. This is very promising, especially considering Meizu’s historical commitment to system updates.. At the moment, the secondary screen does not add much functional value. At the moment, however, the secondary screen does not add much functional value. It looks very cool, no doubt, but it’s not going to change how you use your smartphone a whole lot. As long as you manage your expectations, you’ll still enjoy this unique feature and all of the conversations that it helps start.. Meizu has chosen the 10nm deca-core MediaTek Helio X30 processor for the Pro 7 Plus. The Pro 7 Plus is actually the only popular smartphone to use the Helio X30, MediaTek’s high-end processor for 2017.. If you were to consider only benchmark test results, you would think the Pro 7 Plus would perform below average. Perhaps this is why our unit’s software blocks outgoing connections for benchmark apps to test and verify their results. Although we cannot confirm yet, it appears that there are some shenanigans going on here. Therefore, we cannot endorse the accuracy of these benchmark results.. In our experience, however, day-to-day performance on the Meizu Pro 7 Plus was excellent, although only marginally better than the Pro 6 Plus. There are a few big things that help pick up the processor’s slack though: 6 GB of RAM, fast UFS 2.1 storage, and well-optimized software.. Meizu’s One Mind AI optimizations combined with numerous nifty animations especially help smooth out the performance. When compared side-by-side to the Galaxy S8 , the Pro 7 Plus often loaded apps and menus just a tad quicker.. You can use up to two different nano SIM cards with the Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Since it is sold as an unlocked smartphone, you won’t have to worry about being restricted to any single carrier either.. For a United States audience, please note that this phone is incompatible with US 4G LTE networks. When using the Pro 7 Plus with AT&T, you may get LTE in rural areas thanks to legacy Band 5 coverage, but you can really only expect 3G. With T-Mobile, you can expect 3G in only a few areas.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is incompatible with US 4G LTE networks. While the Pro 7 Plus is not intended for sale in the US, we want to make sure that those who might import the device understand this limitation exists.. Similar to its predecessor, there is no expandable storage option with the Pro 7 Plus. This choice was likely made to avoid mixing slow microSD card storage with the phone’s fast UFS 2.1 internal storage. The base model’s 64 GB of storage should be plenty of storage for most users and, if you think you might need more, there is also a 128 GB model available.. Meizu has removed NFC with the Pro 7 Plus. Strangely, Meizu has removed NFC with the Pro 7 Plus. Perhaps there wasn’t enough internal space with the secondary display to implement an NFC antenna, or perhaps Meizu has data on its lack of usage. Regardless of the reasoning, some users may really miss this connectivity and contactless payment option.. The bottom-firing internal speaker on the Pro 7 Plus is surprisingly very good and is a remarkable improvement from the Pro 6 Plus. It’s very loud with minimal distortion, which is not the case with the average smartphone these days.. There’s also 32-bit Hi-Fi audio through the 3.5mm headphone jack. It has a Cirrus Logic CS43130 DAC + AMP combo, which is the exact same chip that’s in the Galaxy S8. Audio output through the headphone jack is loud and clear, as we expected.. Meizu has bumped the battery capacity from 3,400 mAh with the Pro 6 Plus to 3,500 mAh with the Pro 7 Plus. Overall, we experienced similar battery life. That’s good news as the Pro 6 Plus’ battery life was quite strong.. As you can see from the screenshots above, we averaged about five and a half hours of screen on time during twenty-four hour periods with moderate usage. Since our battery life tests were conducted while connected to HSPA+ instead of 4G LTE, however, we suspect that our results may be slightly inflated. We also note the higher standby usage this time around, perhaps due to the Helio X30.. We estimate that you’ll be able to comfortably get a full day of use with four and a half hours of screen on time with the Meizu Pro 7 Plus’ battery. With lighter usage, you could very well get one and a half days of use with this phone.. We were able to get a 65-percent charge in just thirty minutes. When you need to top off the Pro 7 Plus’ battery, you can do so with mCharge 4.0 fast charging. We were able to get a 65-percent charge in just thirty minutes, which is extremely quick. It’s even 12-percent quicker than Dash Charge on the OnePlus 5 , based on capacity.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus features the same Sony IMX386 12 MP f/2.0 rear camera as its predecessor. However, there have been some changes; there’s no more laser autofocus, the 10-LED ring flash has been replaced by two LEDs, and the camera is no longer optically stabilized.. Another Sony IMX386 12 MP f/2.0 camera has been added though, making this a dual-camera setup. The secondary camera captures monochrome images which supposedly helps produce higher quality images. We would have preferred that the secondary camera instead be a wide angle or telephoto lens, but this setup shouldn’t be brushed off.. Overall performance is about what we would expect at this price. Images look pretty similar to those taken by the Pro 6 Plus. Color reproduction is excellent, there’s a good level of contrast, and images are quite detailed. Overall performance is about what we would expect at this price. Unfortunately, the lack of optical image stabilization translated to some blurry shots when we didn’t have a perfectly steady hand.. Thanks in part to its dual lenses, the Pro 7 Plus also offers a dual lens blur mode. This mode works by isolating the subject from the background and then by applying an artificial background blur. Chances are that you have already seen something similar to this on other smartphones. Basically, the added bokeh is supposed to make images look more professional, like those shot from a DSLR.. The dual lens blur mode is pretty hit or miss. We tested the feature in a number of different situations and found that it’s pretty hit or miss. Sometimes it works almost perfectly with accurate edges on the subject and a gradual blur. Other times, however, the edges are inaccurate and the blur is too sudden.. This is Meizu’s first implementation of this feature, so we will cut them some slack. We are certain that the feature can be improved with future software updates.. As expected, low-light camera samples didn’t come out as impressive at daytime shots. Colors aren’t as punchy, there’s a loss of detail, and there’s a fair bit of digital noise in most of our sample images. We would still say it performs about average for an affordable smartphone.. Although you can take selfies using the rear facing cameras thanks to the secondary display, there’s still a 16 MP f/2.0 front-facing camera. Selfies taken with the front-facing camera came out quite well.. You can record videos at up to 1080P at 30fps with the front camera and at up to 4K at 30fps with the rear camera. Videos recorded with the rear camera come out very nicely. Colors look pretty good and there’s a good amount of detail. Check out our video review at the top of this page to see a short sample clip.. Meizu has stuck with the new HEVC codec for video files. This codec retains video quality while offering smaller, more compressed files. The only drawback is that the files can be difficult to play on some devices. Don’t worry though, as you can easily convert the files if you have trouble.. The system camera app will feel very familiar if you’ve used a Meizu device in the past. Regardless, it offers an easy-to-use, intuitive shooting experience. There are multiple modes as well as some filters that you can play around with.. You can quickly access the camera with a double press of the home button. You can do this anytime the phone is on. So, even if it is locked, you can just double press the home button to quickly launch the camera. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat , but the software is quite different from stock Android. Meizu has layered on its Flyme 6 skin, which we applauded in our Pro 6 Plus review. It’s not for everyone, but it’s great for those looking for something different.. Flyme 6 isn't for everyone, but it's great for those looking for something different. We maintain our assertion that Flyme 6 is one of the most well designed Android skins to date. Flyme’s polished user experience truly adds value to the Pro 7 Plus. You will love the clean design, fun animations, and extra features that come bundled with the Pro 7 Plus’ software.. The user interface design is especially remarkable. You’ll find that it’s colorful, bold, and responsive, which translates into an intuitive user experience. The design language is very consistent throughout the software, from the menus to the system apps.. We also appreciate the extra security features that Meizu has added on top of stock Android. The secure payment mode and Wi-Fi network security scanning, for example, help users stay protected against potential attacks.. It is slightly unlikely that Meizu will bring Android 8.0 Oreo to the global Pro 7 Plus. Just one more thing to keep in mind — Meizu’s system updates focus on changes to Flyme more so than Android versions. While it is slightly unlikely that Meizu will bring Android 8.0 Oreo to the global Pro 7 Plus, you should know that most new Android features are implemented into Flyme anyway. Still, we understand that this lack of software support might be a turn off for some.. The global version of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus will be available soon in matte black, space black, silver, and gold for around $530. The global Pro 7 will also be available soon in matte black, gold, and red for around $430.. Meizu is planning an official release in 17 different markets. We do not recommend importing this device from China though as you cannot use global firmware on non-global units.. The Pro 7 Plus is one of the most unique smartphones that we have reviewed this year. With it, Meizu has not only delivered a fresh software experience on top of a great overall package, but has also implemented a very cool looking secondary display.. The secondary display helps the Pro 7 Plus truly stand out.... The secondary display helps the Pro 7 Plus truly stand out from the countless other smartphones out there. It substantially adds to the phone’s aesthetic while also serving as an excellent conversation starter.. But don’t buy this phone just for the secondary display. While the screen can definitely be useful at times, it’s still very much a first generation concept. It’s chic, yes, but you should think of it as a bonus item rather than a sole reason for a purchase.. ...but you should think of it as a bonus item rather than a sole reason for a purchase. That’s not to say that the Meizu Pro 7 Plus isn’t worth the money. Its well-designed software and excellent hardware make it a very serious competitor to the Xiaomi Mi 6 and the OnePlus 5 – if you live somewhere you can take full advantage of what it offers.. If you’re looking for something genuinely unique and can get past its quirks, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus is an excellent choice. We are confident that future software updates will only improve the secondary display and overall experience.. As always, please feel free to leave any questions or comments in the comment section below!. Meizu Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Meizu , Meizu Pro 7 , Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
I cover consumer tech in Asia. Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus has a secondary display on the back of the device.. The smartphone industry has been saturated and overcrowded for a few years. now -- seemingly every other week, there's a new device, from the dozens and dozens of phone brands that exist. in the beginning, you could still tell the difference between a "premium" phone from a "big name" brand like Apple and Sony from the budget Chinese brands. But around 2015 Chinese manufacturers began to get really good at building hardware. that felt equally premium (likely due to a maturing supply chain and dropping component prices). That led to a flood of metal unibody phones hitting the market. While that was good news for consumers, it was getting really tough for tech writers and reviewers. to come up with new ways to write about these phones when they all look and behave the same.. Luckily, smaller Chinese phone brands seem to have. realized that to stay afloat in the market, they must differentiate. So in recent months, we've been getting phones with a unique feature, like having four cameras or a battery that can last an entire week. It's like what Falcon said to Bucky in Captain America: Civil War , "everybody's got a gimmick now.". So it is not surprising that Zhuhai-based Meizu's 2017 flagship, the Pro 7/Pro 7 Plus, has a very distinctive feature: it has a secondary display on the back of the device.. idea of having a second screen itself isn't new: that's been a stable of LG's V series since 2015 (though there are rumors suggesting LG has done away with the extra display for the upcoming V30). Having a display on the back of a phone has also been done, most notably by the YotaFone , which has an e-ink display. But Meizu's new device is different because the rear panel is a full LCD touchscreen that can do several things, most interesting of which is it allows you to change the way you take selfies.. How it works is simple: a swipe down on the secondary screen brings up the camera viewfinder (this action works even if the main display is off), showing what the device's dual 12-megapixel lenses see. Tap on the secondary screen and the device will snap a photo using the dual cameras. This means your selfie is captured with the phone's main camera on the back, not the selfie lens on the front.. Why is this useful? A phone's rear camera is usually the stronger. set-up, so you're essentially taking a higher quality selfie. And because the Pro 7 has two cameras, it can, of course, do that bokeh effect that's all the rage. Below is a sample of the effect in action, taken with the secondary display on the Pro 7 Plus.. Notice the photo focused on the subject (in this case the phone and tripod) and blurred the background (me) in a natural manner. This isn't quite as good as the OnePlus 5's effect , but it sure beats phones like the Gionee S10. When not helping you take photos, the secondary display displays notifications, relevant information like battery percentage (if you're charging the phone), step count from the phone's built-in pedometer, and weather. It can also display a wallpaper of your choice.. I checked the count with my Fitbit and it was close.. You can place a wallpaper on the second screen of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus.. On the front, the device is similar to previous Meizu devices, sporting the company's. innovative "mBack" hardware/software button set-up (which essentially combines Android's "home" and "back" buttons into one).. Now you may be wondering, "so what is the point of the second screen other than allow me to take selfies with the main camera?" Meizu's designers. came up with the secondary display because they believe many young people tend to place their phones face down in social gatherings, which leads to missed notifications. The secondary display, according to Meizu's theory, offers a discreet way to keep tabs on your phone without leaving it face up.. I'm not sure the second screen will be useful to me in a day to day setting (because I don't take selfies), but I do think it's innovative. Even without the hardware change, Meizu's phones have always been very solid devices that offer great value. Meizu's Flyme software is one of the better Chinese software offerings, bringing. A photo sample taken with the Pro 7 Plus.. The specs this year looks great too. In addition the dual 12-megapixel camera ( Sony's IMX386 sensors with 1.25 um pixels), the device runs on the newest MediaTek chip, the Helio X30, which is said to be on par with the newer Snapdragon chips. The 5.7-inch quad HD display on the Pro 7 Plus is a gorgeous AMOLED panel that pumps out deep blacks and a wide color gamut. I've only tested the camera briefly but it is a strong improvement over previous Meizu devices, and appears to be better than the shooters on most Chinese smartphones not named Huawei. The Pro 7 Plus is, however, pricier than previous Meizu phones too. The device will retail for around. 3,380 yuan/$500 (for the standard Pro 7 with 4GB of RAM and 1080p display) and. 4,080 yuan/$600 (for the Pro 7 Plus with 6GB of RAM and a quad HD screen). I'll be back with a full review of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus in about a week.. I've started a YouTube channel in an effort to provide multi-media coverage of gadgets I come across. If you're interested, please subscribe.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Aug 5, 2017. View all photos (14). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.29 inches). Extremely high pixel density screen (515 ppi). Lots of RAM (6 GB RAM). Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus marks the debut of MediaTek's latest flagship chipset, the Helio X30, combined with 6 GB of RAM. The phone will come with either 64 GB or 128 GB of storage and sports a 5.7-inch QHD display. Above the Samsung-made Super AMOLED panel, Meizu has shoved an impressive-sounding 16 MP sensor on its selfie cam, which also utilizes a so-called "four-in-one" algorithm to make low-light selfies look better.. OS: Android (7.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 6.19 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches (157.34 x 77.24 x 7.3 mm). Weight: 6.00 oz (170 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Additional display - Shows specs of the phone's additional display. Resolution - Refers to the width and the length od the additional display. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (12-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Deca-core, 2500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A73 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 10 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 26 Jul 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 600. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Meizu Pro 7 Plus (with 64GB storage). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu Pro 7 Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $660 Buy. $615 Buy. Meizu Pro 7 could be launched in Europe soon. The Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus are now official: twice the screen, twice the camera. Meizu Pro 7 specs seemingly confirmed by leaked leaflet. Meizu Pro 7 rumor review: display, camera, specs and everything else we know so far. Here's our clearest look at the upcoming Meizu PRO 7 & PRO 7 Plus, thanks to the Chinese FCC. Both Meizu Pro 7 series smartphones will use MediaTek chipsets. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. All Electronics Deals Best Sellers TV & Video Audio & Home Theater Computers Camera & Photo Wearable Technology Car Electronics & GPS Portable Audio Cell Phones Office Electronics Musical Instruments New Arrivals Trade-In. Sold by T-MAKER E-BUSINESS CO.,LTD.. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $99 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone 6GB 64GB 5.7" 2K Super AMOLED Screen Deca Core Helio X30 Dual Rear Camera Two-sided Screen (Black). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by T-MAKER E-BUSINESS CO.,LTD. REAL STAR TECHNOLOGY New store special offer period If you have any questions or need more offers please feel free to ask me or add WeChat: remover666 or Email for details please.we will give the greatest help and support.This store is not responsible for the products sold by the sellers other than REAL STAR TECHNOLOGY. RAM :6GB LPDDR4X ；ROM：64GB UFS2.1 Screen：5.7 Inch 2K 2560*1440 518 PPI Super AMOLED + 1.9 Inch 240*536 307 PPI AMOLED Dual 12MP Sony IMX386 Back Camera with 16MP Front Camera CPU：Helio X30 10nm Deca core Up to 2.6GHz GPU:IMG PowerVR 7XTP Fast Charge：mCharge 4.0 5V/4A Hi-Fi ：Cirrus Logic CS43130 Frequency. Google Play Store Support Google service. Click HotApps----Download Google installer----Install Google player. If you want, we have the most powerful supply and the most convenient service to support all kinds of business cooperation Product description slides down. Try our new International mobile shopping experience!. Shop from your smartphone for everything Amazon.com ships to your country, now in additional languages. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. DOOGEE MIX Dual Back Camera 5.5 inch Super AMOLED Screen Android 7.0 Helio P25 Octa Core 1.6GHz + 2.5GHz WCDMA & GSM & FDD-LTE (6GB+64GB Black). Meizu Pro 7 Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone Deca Core 4GB RAM 128GB ROM 5.2" 1080P Super AMOLED Two-sided Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Camera Fast Charge Cell Phone (Black). Original Meizu Pro 7 Smartphone 4GB 64GB 5.2" 19201080 Super AMOLED Screen Octa Core Helio P25 Dual Camera Two-sided Screen (Red). DOOGEE MIX Dual Back Camera 5.5 inch Super AMOLED Screen Android 7.0 Helio P25 Octa Core 1.6GHz + 2.5GHz WCDMA & GSM & FDD-LTE (6GB+64GB Dark Blue). Panasonic LUMIX DMC-CM1 Camera Smartphone, 1" 20MP Sensor, Leica DC Lens, 4.7-Inch LCD (Black). BLUBOO S8 5.7 Inch HD+ 18:9 Aspect Ratio OTA Android OS 7.0 MT6750T Octa Core 3GB+32GB 16MP Dual Rear Sony Cameras 3450mAh Fingerprint ID (Blue). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Essential Phone in Black Moon – 128 GB Unlocked Titanium and Ceramic phone with Edge-to-Edge Display. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung SM-J510M Galaxy J5 J510M/DS 16GB Gold, 5.2", Dual Sim, Factory Unlocked Phone, No Warranty - International Version. Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime (16GB) 5.0" 4G LTE GSM Dual SIM Factory Unlocked International Version, No Warranty G532M/DS (Gold). Xgody D22 5.5’’ Android 7.0 Nougat with Fingerprint 4G FDD-LTE Smart Phone Unlocked MTK6737 Dual Camera (13MP+5MP) GPS WIFI HD Screen Cellphone Unlocked (Blue). LG G6 H870DS 64GB Black, 5.7", Dual Sim, 4GB RAM, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Samsung Galaxy S4 mini GT-I9190 8GB, 3G, Unlocked International Version No Warranty, Black. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950FD (Coral Blue) Factory Unlocked 64GB DUAL SIM - International Version/No Warranty - GSM ONLY, NO CDMA. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 2.99 x 5.94 x 0.33 in. 3.1 x 6.4 x 0.31 in. 2.99 x 5.94 x 0.33 in. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone 6GB 64GB 5.7" 2K Super AMOLED Screen Deca Core Helio X30 Dual Rear Camera Two-sided Screen (Black). Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 32GB Gray, 5.5", Dual Sim, 13MP, GSM Unlocked Global Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra 6" Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB - Black (U.S. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 32GB Black, 5.5", Dual Sim, 13MP, GSM Unlocked Global Model, No Warranty. Original Brand New Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6/64GB Black Factory Unlocked GSM Phone will work on any GSM SIM card in the world and will NOT work on CDMA Networks such as Sprint or Verizon.. #745,301 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #10,700 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 100% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Generally good with some miner problems. Before I downloaded GMS Installer, LTE cannot work in this phone, but Wifi , calling, and text messages worked. But now, with GMS Installer, everything works fine, and play store coupled with GMS Installer helps to install all Apps needed to be in US. Nice to see the phone was sold with a case as well, very convenient. One problem for non-Chinese speakers is that the voice-controlled Selfi has to be done by saying "Paizhao" or "Qiezi" even in English mode. Another miner problem is that I cannot pair my Mi-band to Meizu, maybe it is because they are competitors? But generally a very nice phone.. Was this review helpful to you?. See and discover other items: deca core smartphone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu Pro 7 Plus. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu Pro 7 Plus The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is powered by 2.6GHz MediaTek Helio X30 processor and it comes with 6GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3500mAh non removable battery. It measures 157.34 x 77.24 x 7.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 170.00 grams. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is a dual SIM (GSM + CDMA and GSM + CDMA). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi and GPS.. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Meizu Pro 7 Plus detailed specifications. Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 157.34 x 77.24 x 7.30 Weight (g) 170.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3500 Removable battery No Colours Matte Black, Space Black. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels. Processor 2.6GHz Processor make MediaTek Helio X30 RAM 6GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 16-megapixel. Operating System Android 7.0 Skin Flyme OS 6. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 ac GPS Yes Bluetooth No, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM + CDMA 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 GSM/CDMA GSM + CDMA 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor No Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu Pro 7 Plus. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Huawei Mate 10 Pro vs. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus vs. Huawei P10 Plus Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 vs. Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Xiaomi Mi 6 Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy On Max vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Apple iPhone 6s Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu Pro 7 Plus in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Meizu Pro 7 Plus hands-on: Dual screen innovation with great functionality. | August 25, 2017 -- 17:09 GMT (01:09 GMT+08:00). Difficult to install Google Play Services. Could be difficult to hold if you have small hands. Meizu has released a phone designed to appeal to users who want a device that none of their friends will have.. Both the Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus feature an AMOLED rear display, the first time that Meizu has released dual screen technology. This enables you to manage various functions whilst the phone is face down on your desk.. Meet 2017's hot new smartphone brands: Nokia and BlackBerry. The one-time market leaders get a new lease on life with the help of Android, licensees and Chinese manufacturing.. Meizu call this the Fenetre display. Tap the back of the phone's 1.9-inch (240x536) screen to manage your notifications or display the music you are listening to.. You can customise the wallpaper for the Fenetre display, check the weather in your location, see how many steps you have taken, or take a selfie with the rear cameras while seeing how you look on the rear display.. Both the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus have a Super AMOLED main display. The Pro 7 has a 5.2-inch full HD display, whereas, like the. Pro 6 Plus , the Pro 7 Plus has a 5.7-inch Quad HD display.. It feels nice to hold in the hand -- but the width of the device might be a problem is you have small hands.. Dimensions are 147 x 70.7 x 7.3mm for the Pro 7 and the Pro 7 Plus is a little larger at 157.3 x 77.2 x 7.3mm. Weights respectively are 163g for the Pro 7 and 170g for the Pro 7 Plus.. Inside the Meizu Pro 7 range there is a choice of processors. The Pro 7 comes equipped with the Helio P25 processor, the same as the. Doogee Mix I looked at last month .. The Pro 7 Plus runs on the 10nm Helio X30 processor MediaTek 10-core tri-cluster chipset. This is the fastest phone I have tried from Meizu. I can open 20 apps without any lag at all. The Pro 7 comes with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage, coupled with LPDDR4X and eMMC5.1 technology. The Pro 7 Plus comes with 6GB of LPDDR4X RAM andstorage options of 64GB or 128GB.. The Pro 7 Plus has a 3,500mAh battery, whereas the Pro 7 has a 3,000mAh battery. The Pro 7 Plus also has fast charging technology from Mezu: mCharge. This charges the phone up to over 50 percent charge in 30 minutes.. The dual rear cameras of both devices have 12-megapixel Sony IMX386 sensors. The front camera of both phones has been upgraded to a 16-megapixel sensor.. The four-into-one pixel algorithm of the camera is activated automatically in dark environments, which means that in low-light you can take reasonable images. There is also a monochrome mode -- a nice touch.. For audio, both devices have Cirrus Logic CS43130 Hi-Fi chip. There is also a 3.5mm headphone jack if you do not want to use the USB-C charging port or bluetooth.. Available in a range of colours, the Pro 7 is available in black, gold, and red. The 64GB version of the Pro 7 Plus is available in matte black, space black, amber gold, and crystal silver whilst the 128GB version comes in matte black and space black.. A nice touch from Meizu is the inclusion of a hard plastic case for the device, with a cut-away for the rear screen.. Recent phones I have looked at from China all have a little extra giveaway out of the box -- like the thumb ring on the Doogee Mix , and phone cases are included as standard.. This is great if you want to start using the phone straight away and do not want to wait for the new styles of phone cases to appear on Amazon.. I loved how fast and accurate the fingerprint recognition is on this phone.. In early Meizu models, I had trouble logging on first time using my fingerprint.. Meizu has got this nailed for the Pro 7, and unlocking the screen is practically instantaneous.. One thing I hated about the phone was that it is difficult to use Google Play services on the device. Apps are installed using the Flyme app store.. Trying to install the Play Store takes quite a lot of faffing around. Some lesser known apps are not on the Flyme store. However, there is an option to search other stores to find the app you want.. All in all, I found this found to be a sleek and fast addition to the Meizu portfolio of devices. and with the Fenetre display, I can keep up to date without the distraction of picking up the phone. Hands on review of the Meizu Pro 6 Plus Android phone. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus Android smartphone gives you all the capabilities, performance, and quality you would expect from a top-notch business smartphone.. Meizu M5c hands-on: A low-cost phone with great performance. Meizu has released its latest M-series affordable phone -- aimed at capturing the international mobile user base. Hands on with the Meizu M5s - an affordable alternative to the iPhone 6. If you are looking for a premium device at affordable price, then the stylish, well built M5s will deliver the solid performance from an Android phone you will be happy to own.. Hands on with the Meizu M5 Note, a fast, stylish and affordable phone. A well-priced Android smartphone with great performance, good looks, and an easy user interface.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Aermoo M1 hands on: A clone phone with some nice features. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Download: Last Snapchat APK before the Ugly Redesign. How to Install Pre-Release Android Oreo on the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge. How to Customize the Google Pixel 2 Always On Display’s Brightness without Root. How to change the Notification Snooze Durations on Android 8.1 Oreo without Root. Enable Google Camera HDR+ and EIS on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without Root. How to Enable Camera2 API on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without disabling OTA updates. Click “Add Devices” to add your devices for quick access here!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Buy and sell gently used phones. Please enable JavaScript to view comments.. Meizu Announces the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus With Secondary AMOLED Display and Dual Rear Cameras. The Western world sees little of the technological ‘experiments’ that Asian markets witness. OEMs from China, South Korea, Taiwan and Japan attempt to carve out niches for themselves by trying out unconventional combinations of existing technology. The results can be considered by gimmicks most of the time, but often, we get smartphones that possess real potential. Enter the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus.. The Meizu Pro 7 and the Meizu Pro 7 Plus belong to the latter set. Meizu smartphones usually do not stand out from the sea of Chinese smartphones released every year, but with the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus , the West is bound to take notice. The Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus are identical smartphones on the outside, differentiated only by their sizes. The insides bear larger differences, and we’ll come to that in a bit.. The front of the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus is dominated by their displays. The Pro 7 gets a 5.2″ FHD Super AMOLED display , while the Pro 7 Plus gets the larger 5.7″ QHD Super AMOLED display. The back of the devices is where it gets interesting, as both of these smartphones feature a 2″ Super AMOLED secondary display there. Because it is an AMOLED panel and not e-ink, the display can be used to display a wide variety of information in full color and control, such as for media controls, notifications and for using it as a viewfinder for the rear camera. Not all functionality would be useful or sensible, but having a proper display panel of considerable size opens up the possibilities of what you can do with it.. As for internal hardware, Meizu mentions it packs the deca-core MediaTek Helio X30 , but does not specify if this is restricted to the Plus variant so we assume it to be present on both the devices. The ‘regular’ Pro 7 comes with 4GB LPDDR4X RAM and 64GB eMMC 5.1 storage , while the Pro 7 Plus comes with 6GB LPDDRX RAM and options of 64GB/128GB UFS 2.1 storage. The battery on the smaller Pro 7 is 3000 mAh and comes with Meizu’s mCharge 3.0 charging standard, while the Pro 7 Plus comes with a bigger 3500 mAh and the newer version of mCharge, 4.0 (5V|5A). Both phones come with a USB Type-C port and 3.5mm headphone jack , and Meizu has also included a separate audio processing chip on both. The phones come pre-installed with Android 7.0 but with Meizu’s FlymeOS 6 UX on top.. For the cameras, the dual rear camera setup comprises of 12MP Sony IMX386 sensors with f/2.0 aperture, one for RGB and one for monochrome image capture. The front camera is a healthy 16MP sensor for selfies, but since the secondary display can also act as a viewfinder, you can comfortably use the rear cameras for that purpose as well.. Meizu’s official Twitter does not feature any information on pricing and availability, but PhoneArena mentions that the devices will be available from 5th August 2017. The Pro 7 will begin at ~$430, while the Pro 7 Plus will begin at ~$530. The price difference seems better justified if the Pro 7 comes with the Helio P25 instead of the flagship Helio X30 SoC, but Meizu has not yet mentioned and confirmed the same. The phones are likely to be restricted to China and other Asian countries when they become available.. The Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus are definitely phones that stand out from the crowd. But despite their USP making them the talk of the town, the Western world cannot have them yet. Meizu’s devices do not have a strong presence outside of China, so it will be a while before the company decides to bring these to the US.. What are your thoughts on the Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus? Let us know in the comments below!. Android 7.0 Nougat Flyme OS mediatek helio x30 Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Want more posts like this delivered to your inbox? Enter your email to be subscribed to our newsletter.. Frequency - Select - XDA News Daily XDA News Weekly. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. Commerce graduate and Law student with a passion for all things Android, Aamir frequently helps people get the best out of their budget smartphones through generous use of custom roms and kernels. Once an ardent Samsung fanboy, he has since wised up to the ways of Nexus and DuARTe. He receives press releases at aamirsiddiqui@xda-developers.com.. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 147.6 x 70.7 x 7.3 mm (5.81 x 2.78 x 0.29 in). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.9 cm 2 (~71.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~423 ppi density). - Secondary 2" AMOLED display, 240 x 536 pixels. Mediatek MT6757T Helio P25 - standard edition Mediatek MT6799 Helio X30 - high edition. Octa-core (4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A35) Deca-core (2x2.6 GHz Cortex-A73, 4x1.9 GHz Cortex-A35, 4x2.2 GHz Cortex-A53). Dual: 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.9", 1.25 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n or a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (mCharge 3.0). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu Pro 7 - user opinions and reviews. This is really a unique phone. this phone is the best! long battery life 1 and half day 1 hour charging. the secondary screen is unique..no other phone has it. i already bought a dozen cases coz i just cant help it, this phone is addictive and you can be p.... Chance of misplacing them is very high. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 Meizu M6 Note Xiaomi Mi A1 Meizu M6s Huawei P10. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Ship to United States / USD. Contact Customer Service for order status and other after-sales issues. chat with Online Sales for more information before your purchase!. If you already made a purchase. If you are considering a purchase. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 5.7 Inch Smartphone 2K Super AMOLED Screen 6GB 64GB Helio X30 Deca Core Dual 12.0MP Rear Camera Android 7.0 Hi-Fi Fast Charge mCharge 4.0 - Black. View Cart or Continue Shopping>>. US$ 429.99 + =. Add to Wishlist ( 55 ). The item has been added to your wish list.. Shipping Cost: Free Shipping to United States via UPS Expedited. Makibes MEIZU Pro 7 Plus Tempered Glass 0.33mm 2.5D Arc Screen Protector - Transparent. MEIZU Pro 7 Plus Silicone Case Protective TPU Phone Shell Back Cover - Transparent. Silver Metal Ring Holder Geekbuying Mobile Phone Stand Support For Smartphones/Tablets. Kaisi 4 in 1 Sim Card Converter Adapter Kit Sim Card Slot Set Nano to Micro/Standard For iPhone 4/5 + Sim Tray Opener. Kaisi KS-1202 10-in-1 Disassembling Screwdriver Tool Set Repair Tool Kit For iPhone 5S / 6S / iPad - Multicolored. 6 in 1 Mobile Phone Accessories gift for All Mobile Device. Roidmi Z1 Car Stand Holder 360 Degree Rotating Bracket Stand Cell Phone Holder Stand - Gold. Original price : US$ 465.92. type: one front and dual rear cameras. English, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Cestina, Dansk, Deutsch, Espanol, Filipino, French, Hrvatski, Italiano, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Nederlands, Norsk, Polish, Portuguese, Romana, Slovencina, Suomi, Svenska, Tieng viet, Turkish, Greek, Bulgarian, Russian, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Arabic, Thai, Khmer, Korean, Simplified/Traditional Chinese. Infrared distance sensing, Gyroscope, Ambient photometric induction, Touch sensitive, Electronic compass. 3G, 4G, WIFI, GPS, Bluetooth,Gesture Sensing,Smart Wake, Ebook, Email,Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, calculator,clock, camera, Google Play Store, tethering & portable hotspot, Touch ID, Compass,etc. This phone will only work with 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5 4G: FDD-LTE:B1/B3/B5/B7 TDD-LTE:B38/B39/B40/B41. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. This phone will only work with 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5 4G: FDD-LTE:B1/B3/B5/B7 TDD-LTE:B38/B39/B40/B41. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. 5.7" Super AMOLED 2K (2560*1440p) display, capacitive touch screen, 518 ppi. CPU: 64-Bit Helio X30 Deca Core, GPU: IMG PowerVR 7XTP. Flyme base on Android 7 OS,6GB RAM + 64GB ROM. 16.0MP front camera, Sony IMX386 dual 12.0MP rear camera. Dual Nano SIM card dual standby. Operating System:Flyme base on Android 7.0 OS. ARM Cortex-A73 2.6GHz x2 +ARM Cortex-A53 2.2GHz*4 + ARM Cortex-A35 1.9GHz*4, GPU:IMG PowerVR 7XTP. Wireless connectiveity:GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. WiFi: Yes,802.11a/b/g/n/ac / 5GHz / 2.4GHz. 1 × US Power Adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent as your shipping country). Upload your photo to win 2 - 4 GeekPoints Customer Photos. Be the first to Upload A Photo of this product!. Upload your video to win 2 - 8 GeekPoints Customer Videos. Be the first to Upload A Video of this product!. Be the first to Write A. Text Review of this product!. 0% Good Reputation Rate. MEIZU Pro 7 Plus Silicone Case Protective TPU Phone Shell Back Cover - Transparent. Makibes MEIZU Pro 7 Plus Tempered Glass 0.33mm 2.5D Arc Screen Protector - Transparent. Black Meizu Pro 7 Plus High Quality Brushed Carbon Fiber Drop Resistance Phone Case. 4% Site-Wide OFF Subscribe to get exclusive offers and more savings!. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 5.7 Inch Smartphone 2K Super AMOLED Screen 6GB 64GB Helio X30 Deca Core Dual 12.0MP Rear Camera Android.... Meizu Pro 7 Plus 5.7 Inch Smartphone 2K Super AMOLED Screen 6GB 64GB Helio X30 Deca Core Dual 12.0MP Rear Camera Android 7.0 Hi-Fi Fast Charge mCharge 4.0 - Black. English | Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português | Nederlands | Polski | Русский | Türkçe | ελληνικά | Magyar | لعربية | עברית | ไทย | 日本語. Note: GeekBuying reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice. Stock information may become invalid because of new orders and supply change.. Shipping Company Estimated Delivery Time Shipping Cost. *Please note: This is an estimated shipping fee, the actual shipping fee will be shown on the order page.. 
Acer Swift 5 SF514-52 Disassembly and M.2 SSD upgrade options. Nokia 7 Plus rendering leaked with ZEISS dual-rear cameras and full screen. Meizu E3 live image leaked with fingerprint scanner on the side and Type-C port. Meizu Meilan E3 live image leaked with black all-metal body. Meizu 15 Plus conceptual rendering leaked with super high screen. Home / Meizu Phone Repair / Meizu Pro 7 Plus Teardown. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Share via Email Print. The Meizu Pro 7/Pro 7 Plus have been officially launched. The phones have brought all-new rear screen design and all-new interactive mode on the back. Adding the rear screen to the Meizu Pro 7/Pro 7 Plus requires the phone to hold two screens (in the meantime, keeping the phone body’s thin thickness) and a large battery. How to achieve this? Today, we will dissemble the Meizu Pro 7 Plus to explore its internal structure. The teardown of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus first requires removing the two screws which are beside USB port. The screw, which is the same screw that iPhone adopts, has the screw specification that most phones currently use. After removing the screws, we can disconnect the phones’ screen by a buckle. The phone is connected to the fuselage through a clip. Taking the main screen apart, we can see that the Meizu Pro 7 Plus’ screen is connected to the motherboard through a ribbon wire. The main screen is glued to middle bezel. The motherboard is directly installed on the phone’s back case, which is a different design compared with Meizu’s previous phone’s design that motherboard is installed in the middle bezel. Such design is to consider the installation of rear screen. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus features a main Super AMOLED screen which has god good control. Besides, the rear screen also adopts the AMOLED screen. Although the phone has installed two screens, the phone remains thin. The phone’s front plate has installed loudspeaker, and it has saved ports for the front camera, infrared sensors and distance sensors. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus adopts L-shaped motherboard instead of three-stage design because the phone’s rear screen has occupied part of the battery’s space. If the phone adopts three-stage design, its design and manufacturing costs will be greatly improved. We can notice that Meizu’s logo is on PCB, where shows date and PCB’s version The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’ PCB is made by a large-scale PCB manufacturer who has made many flagship products. PCB’s shield case of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus’s is covered by black graphite conductive paste. Uncover the paste and the chip will be spotted. The graphite conductive paste supports not only heat dissipation but also shielding action. PCB’s shielding case on the Meizu Pro 7 Plus is covered by graphite heat-conducting sticker. Removing PCB and the back case of the phone can be seen. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus sports a 3,500mAh battery and adopts mCharge 4.0 QC technology which supports 5V 5A to bring faster charging speed. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus adopts CNC process on its back case to install the rear screen. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus uses mosaic technique to install rear screen in the back case leaving not slot, which has a very high installation requirement. The rear screen is totally embedded into the back case and it can’t be taken out. The whole screen’s layout design is quite sophisticated which requires the high-level process. Meizu has invested a lot in rear screen’s design.. Uncover PCB’s graphite heat-conducting film and a variety of chips on the motherboard can be spotted. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’ main chips are placed on the PCB’s front. Some chips have heat-conducting post which can effectively take the heat generated by the chip away. PCB’s infrared sensor is used to sense the distance between the phone and the user’s face while the user is answering the phone. Light sensor is on the other side. It is used to control the screen’s brightness by sensing the light. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus uses LPDDR4X storage and comes with 6GB of RAM, its memory chip and its CPU adopts double-layer seal to save PCB’s space. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is powered by MediaTek’s deco-core Helio X30 processor. The processor has two ARM Cortex-A73 cores, four ARM Cortex-A53 cores and four ARM Cortex-A35 cores. It uses 10nm process which has good performance and is lower power consumption. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus uses Samsung’s UFS storage chip and comes with 64GB of ROM. UFS storage chip brings faster read-write speed. SKYWORK 77673, which is all networks’ signal amplifier, mainly is used to send and receive as well as amplify signal. MT6336WP, which is a power management chip, can work together with Helio X30. Double color LED is on PCB’s back. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus comes with a 12MP (colorful) + 12MP (black + white) dual camera setup. The cameras are sealed together to avoid image formation problem during the installation. Besides, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus features a 16MP front camera. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus has adopted all-new design on its internal structure to add rear screen. It has used L-shaped PCB and optimized the design on back case, which is to make the installation of rear screen more sophisticated. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus adopts AMOLED screen both for its main screen and rear screen to have a good control on the phone’s thickness. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus adopts high-quality materials and components. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’ whole teardown process is more difficult compared to Meizu previous phones’ teardown process because it has adopted more sophisticated process.. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Share via Email Print. KGI report shows Apple new iPhone with 6.1-inch LCD screen exposed with good cost performance. Apple announced spend $ 1 billion to build data center in China. Vivo Y75 official: full screen and FaceWake support. Huawei Honor Note 9 leaked with 6.6-inch full screen. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.. Acer Swift 5 SF514-52 Disassembly and M.2 SSD upgrade options. Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Telegram. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs OnePlus 5 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (7.0), Meizu Flyme UI Android (8.0, 7.1). Dimensions 6.19 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches (157.34 x 77.24 x 7.3 mm) 6.07 x 2.92 x 0.29 inches (154.2 x 74.1 x 7.25 mm). Weight 6.00 oz (170 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.40 oz (153 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Metal Main body: Aluminum. Features Fingerprint (touch) Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Colors Black, Gold, Silver Gold, Gray. Physical size 5.7 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 5), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Additional display - Shows specs of the phone's additional display. Resolution - Refers to the width and the length od the additional display. Hardware Features Dual-camera (12-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection) Dual-camera (20-megapixel, F2.6 aperture), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Manual focus, RAW image capture, Digital image stabilization, Histogram, Touch to focus, Face detection, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder Yes 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features Video calling, Video sharing Time-lapse video, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 16 megapixels 16 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. MediaTek Helio X30 MT6799 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 MSM8998. Deca-core, 2500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A73 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 10 nm Octa-core, 2457 MHz, Kryo, 64-bit, 10 nm. 6 GB RAM 8 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring Wireless screen share Wireless screen share. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 5, 7 Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 66. LTE (TDD) Bands 38, 39, 40, 41 Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data LTE, HSPA, HSUPA LTE-A Cat 12 (600/100 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots 2 slots. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers) Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers), Barometer. Notifications Haptic feedback Service lights, Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Connector USB Type-C (reversible) USB Type-C (reversible). Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, BeiDou GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, Galileo, BeiDou. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 26 Jul 2017 20 Jun 2017. MSRP price $ 600 € 559 / $ 539. FCC ID value: 2ABZ2-A5000 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $660 Buy. $615 Buy. $550 Buy. $519 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 14 £ 270 € 307 $ 378 R$ 1,225 zł 1,282 руб 21,344 ₹ 24,480 Not available. 8 £ 337 € 384 $ 472 R$ 1,530 zł 1,600 руб 26,652 ₹ 30,567 Not available. Finding the best price for the Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. July 2017, 7 months ago. 77.2 mm x 157.3 mm x 7.3 mm. 1440 x 2560 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 5 cm away. High Performance Multibit - DAC 2x Analog AD1955. E-ink screen back side with notifications. - More smartphones with MediaTek Helio X30 (MT6799) processor. - More smartphones with 6GB RAM memory. 144.407 (Antutu v6) Overall performance better than 95% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 57-63 GB). - More smartphones with 64GB of internal storage. 11636 Songs , 25600 Photos and 914 Videos. - More smartphones with IMX386 Exmor RS lens model. - More smartphones with Dual LED. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Second rear camera 12MP Sony IMX386 B&W. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). - More smartphones with FlyMe 6 (Android 7.0 Nougat) operating system. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB. Smartisan Nut Pro 2 6GB 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB. LeEco Cool Changer S1 6GB 64GB. Huawei Honor V10 AL20 6GB 64GB. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB. OnePlus 5 8GB 128GB A5000 Plus. Samsung Galaxy S8 4GB 64GB G950F. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB. Meizu M6 Note 4GB 64GB M721Q CN. Meizu M6 Note 3GB 32GB M721Q CN. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Meizu Pro 7 Plus (6GB RAM/128GB ROM) - Black. Meizu Pro 7 Plus (6GB RAM/64GB ROM) - Silver. Meizu Pro 7 Plus (6GB RAM/64GB ROM) - Gold. Meizu Pro 7 Plus (6GB RAM/64GB ROM) - Black. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. 4g Smartphone Global Version Meizu Pro 6 Plus Mi5s Plus 4g Phablet Oukitel Plus 4g Phablet. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet Global Version. 6GB RAM 128GB ROM Dual Screen Touch Sensor. 2 answered questions. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. LeEco Le Pro3 Elite 4G Phablet. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet Global Version. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tip: Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. The ROM on this Phone supports OTA and is multi language. Main Features: MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet 5.7 inch Android 7.0 Helio X30 2.6GHz Deca Core 6GB RAM 128GB ROM 16.0MP Front Camera Dual Screens Type-C Fingerprint Sensor Display: 5.7 inch 2560 x 1440 Pixel super AMOLED main screen + 1.9 inch 240 x 536 Pixel AMOLED back screen CPU: Helio X30 2.6GHz Deca Core System: Android 7.0 RAM + ROM: 6GB RAM + 128GB ROM Camera: 16.0MP front camera + 12.0MP + 12.0MP back cameras Sensor: Hall effect sensor, Gravity sensor, IR proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, Digital compass SIM Card: dual SIM dual standby. Nano + Nano SIM Feature: GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, Digital compass, BDS Bluetooth: 4.2 Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA BC0 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40/B41. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Nano SIM Card. 2G: GSM 1800MHz,GSM 1900MHz,GSM 850MHz,GSM 900MHz. 3G: WCDMA B1 2100MHz,WCDMA B2 1900MHz,WCDMA B5 850MHz,WCDMA B8 900MHz. 4G LTE: FDD B1 2100MHz,FDD B3 1800MHz,FDD B5 850MHz,FDD B7 2600MHz,TDD B38 2600MHz,TDD B39 1900MHz,TDD B40 2300MHz,TDD B41 2500MHz. I/O Interface: 2 x Nano SIM Slot,Micophone,Speaker,Type-C. Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor,E-Compass,Gravity Sensor,Gyroscope,Hall Sensor,Infrared Radiation,Proximity Sensor. Package size: 17.00 x 9.00 x 4.00 cm / 6.69 x 3.54 x 1.57 inches. Product size: 15.73 x 7.72 x 0.73 cm / 6.19 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches. FAQ for MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet Global Version. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Is there a possibility to ad external SD storage?. Some sides say yes some no.. By Dennis Aug-25/2017 04:08:22. No it can not support any external SD storage.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Hello, does this product has lte B20 800MHz, ? As other sites list it without it. Is this another version with band 20 ?. By christian g Aug-22/2017 09:08:59. Yes, it can support below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA: BC0 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20 TDD-LTE: B38/B40. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Is there a possibility to ad external SD storage?. Some sides say yes some no.. By Dennis Aug-25/2017 04:08:22. No it can not support any external SD storage.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Hello, does this product has lte B20 800MHz, ? As other sites list it without it. Is this another version with band 20 ?. By christian g Aug-22/2017 09:08:59. Yes, it can support below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA: BC0 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20 TDD-LTE: B38/B40. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 2 Questions & Answers View All. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Base on 0 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. PHONES Xiaomi Oneplus Huawei Meizu ZTE / nubia Lenovo / ZUK OPPO Vivo Other ACCESSORIES Case / Cover Xiaomi Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Mix Xiaomi Mi 5S Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus Xiaomi Mi 5 Xiaomi Redmi 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Xiaomi Mi 5X Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Oneplus Oneplus 2 Oneplus 3/3T OnePlus 5 Oneplus 5T Huawei Huawei Mate 10 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Huawei P9 Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei Nova Lite Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Nova 2 Huawei Mate 10 Pro Meizu Meizu MX6 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu M5 Meizu M5 Note Meizu M5C Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M5S Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M6 Note Meizu M6 OPPO OPPO R9s OPPO R11 OPPO R11 Plus ZTE / nubia Nubia Z17 Mini Nubia Z17 Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Note 8 iPhone iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus iPhone X Google Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Other NOTEBOOK Xiaomi Huawei Chuwi GADGETS Sport Band Action Camera Backpack Daydream VR Qi Wireless Charger 360 Camera Vacuum Cleaner E-book Reader Balancing Scooter Selfie Stick Earphones / Headset FIX Fix Tools Screen Parts Case Components Sensor Components Middle Frame Buttons. Australian Dollar - AUD British Pound Sterling - GBP Euro - EUR US Dollar - USD. Be the first to review this product. 5.7-inch Super AMOLED screen, 2560×1440 pixels display. Dual 12MP Rear Cameras, 16 megapixel front camera. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Main Features. Features the 2.6GHz processor speed, a Helio X30 chipset and 6GB RAM LPDDR 4X. Flyme Operating System Base on Android. Installs Flyme OS base on Android operating system, allows you to stay connected and productive on the go.. 5.7" Full HD Samsug Super AMOLED Screen. With 2560×1440 pixel resolution for simple navigation and stunning visuals.. Provides more space for storing music, videos, photos and apps.. Dual 12MP Rear Cameras and 16MP Front Camera. Lets you preserve special moments in striking clarity, allows you to shoot crisp, detailed images. The front-facing camera lets you capture quality self-portraits. The 4K video capture makes it easy to preserve important moments.. With the included 3500mAh lithium-ion battery, up to 24 hours of standby time. Lets you surf the Web, access social networks, download apps and stream media.. Provides Internet capability while in range of a Wi-Fi signal. Mobile hotspot capability lets extend wireless connectivity to compatible devices.. Enables simple wireless pairing with compatible devices.. * Battery life is based on a typical user profile that includes both usage and standby.. * Unlocked cell phones are compatible with GSM/3G WCMDA/4G LTE-FDD carriers.. * Phone will not work with any CDMA carriers. Please contact your carrier prior to purchasing to confirm your carrier will support voice and data on this unlocked smartphone.. GSM: B2/3/5/8 (850/900/1800/1900MHz); CDMA: Bc0(800MHz);WCDMA:B1/2/5/8 (850/900/1900/2100MHz) TD-SCDMA:Band 34/39;FDD-LTE :Band 1/3/7 (1800/2100/2600MHz) ; TD-LTE:Band38/39/40/41. English, German, Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Arabic, Chinese... 5.7 inch full HD Super AMOLED screen, 2560x1440pixel. Dual SIM card slots,dual nano cards. Phone, USB Cable, Charger, Manual, SIM Neddle. Use single quotes (') for phrases.. Do I need to pay customs tax?. When can I get the tracking number?. We ship all over the world. Just buy and enjoy our service, we ship it to your door.. Total delivery time includes processing time and shipping time, tracking number will be provided. We declare the package at low price to help you avoid importing customs tax.. The total shipping cost is calculated by package weight.. for USA, Canada, Australia customers, it takes about 7 to 15 working days. For United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and most other west Europe countries, it may take 8 to 15 working days. For South America, east Europe countries, east-south Asia, it may take 12 to 30 working days. For other countries, it may take 15 to 30 working days.. We provide extra expedited shipping for who want to get the order promptly, 4-8 working days to your door worldwide.. As customs rules in various countries can frequently change, this can cause delays, and at times additional charges imposed by the receiving country. While we take all reasonable steps to comply with general world shipping standards, Giztop may not know the details of additional customs taxes or duties, or if any specific item was prohibited or confiscated by the receiving country.. It is recommended that you investigate the relevant local laws in your country.. We declare the package at low price to help you avoid importing customs tax.. We understand your feeling about waiting for the package, we alway try our best to provide prompt shipping to each order. Normally, we will ship orders in 48 hours after you finished payment. The shipping company will return the tracking number to us in 1-3 days after collect the package and deal with the package. So we will update the tracking number to you in 5 days. sometimes, the order status is processing, but in fact, the package is on the way, just a little delay on shipping status updating. Please wait for a few days patiently. You also can contact us if you have any question.. Please read these information before buy a smartphone on Giztop, it will help you to make right decision.. All phones are pre-installed Google Play, it means they are fully support Google Apps and Google Play services. The most phones support t multi-language: English, Italian, Indonesian, Danish, French, German, Spanish, Dutch, Norwegian, Portuguese, Swedish, Vietnamese, Turkish, Greek, Russian, Arabic, Thai, Japanese, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional and more.. All phones are unlocked and no-contract. Please check the phone's bands before place order, here is the world's list of LTE network bands. North America : B2, B4, B5, B12, B13, B17. Europe : B1, B3, B7, B8, B20. Asia : B1, B3, B5, B7. Nillkin Super Frosted Shield Case for Meizu Pro 7 Plus. NILLKIN 9H 2.5D H+Pro 0.2mm Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Official Shockproof PC Case For Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Official Clear Screen Protector For Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Official Anti-explosion PET Full Screen Protector For Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Nillkin Super Clear / Matte Anti-fingerprint Screen Protector for Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Official Shockproof Black PC and TPU with PU Back Cover For Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Be the first to review this product. Offers 2 years warranty for all items. Register your email for news and special offers. Oneplus 5T is available for pre-order now: https://t.co/xno5YnUIFl. Giveaway – Win A Jesy J9S US Military Standard Rugged Phone https://t.co/2HpwLWD9AU via @gizmochina. Sign up & Get 5% Off.. Register your email for news and special offers. Customer Service is provided by Giztop. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Coming Soon | Launch Date in India: 2017, Coming Soon |. 64 GB 128 GB. 12MP+12 MP Dual lens Primary Camera, 16 MP Front Camera. 5.7 inches and 1.9 inch Secondary Display (Back Side) 1440 x 2560 pixels. Deca-core (2x2.6 GHz Cortex-A73, 4x1.9 GHz Cortex-A35, 4x2.2 GHz Cortex-A53). Non removable Li-Ion 3500 mAh battery. Meizu Pro 7 Plus comes with a 5.7 inches and 1.9 inch Secondary Display (Back Side) Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1440 x 2560 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Deca-core (2x2.6 GHz Cortex-A73, 4x1.9 GHz Cortex-A35, 4x2.2 GHz Cortex-A53), Mediatek MT6799 Helio X30 that is coupled with PowerVR 7XTP GPU,. 6 GB RAM and 64/128 GB storage default memory capacity. For imaging, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus sports a 12 MP + 12 MP Dual Camera with 2160p@30fps, Geo Tagging, HDR.. Up front, the smartphone from Meizu makes use of a 16 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Meizu Pro 7 Plus includes Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot, v4.2, A2DP, LE, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus gets the power from a Non removable Li-Ion 3500 mAh battery.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. Meizu Pro 7 Plus comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor, NFC, Quick Charging.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim (Nano + Nano) ANNOUNCED Status Coming Soon Global Release Date July 2017 Indian Release Date 2017, Coming Soon BODY Dimensions 157.3 x 77.2 x 7.3 mm Weight 170 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.7 inches and 1.9 inch Secondary Display (Back Side) Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) Super AMOLED PROCESSOR CPU Deca-core (2x2.6 GHz Cortex-A73, 4x1.9 GHz Cortex-A35, 4x2.2 GHz Cortex-A53) GPU PowerVR 7XTP Chipset Mediatek MT6799 Helio X30 STORAGE Internal Storage 64/128 GB storage RAM 6 GB RAM Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 12 MP + 12 MP Dual Camera Front Camera 16 MP Camera Video Recording 2160p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging, HDR MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, AAC＋, eAAC＋, WMA Video Player H.264, MPEG-4, H.263, VC-1, WMV7, WMV8 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non removable Li-Ion 3500 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE USB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector GPS Facility with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE-A NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor, NFC, Quick Charging. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus (2018) (64GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 8 GB 16MP. Honor View 10 (128GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 6 GB 16MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODAzNDQxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Exclusive interview with Leon Zhang, Meizu India. Latest Meizu Pro 7 Plus NEWS. Trending News Today: MIUI 9, Google Pixel 2, Pixel XL 2, Google Instant Search, Meizu Pro 7 and more July 27, 2017. Here is today's tech highlights of the day as a part of our GizBot's daily roundup. Take a look at the happenings in the tech world today over here.. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus pre-registrations go beyond 10,000 units July 28, 2017. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus flagship smartphones were announced on July 26. The highlights of these smartphones include the dual rear camera setup and the secondary display at the rear. The Meizu Pro 7 smartphones are slated to. Meizu officially confirms July 26 launch for Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus July 17, 2017. Putting the speculations at rest, Meizu has finally confirmed on Weibo that it would be releasing the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus on July 26. The launch event will be held at the headquarters of the company in Zhuhai, China.. Check out the leaked pictures of Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus July 15, 2017. By now, we have seen a lot of leaked pictures of Meizu Pro 7 and Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Today, an image containing both the devices has emerged online via Phone Arena. As you can see from the image, the. Meizu m5 (32GB - 3GB RAM). Meizu m5 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Meizu M6 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Meizu M6 (32GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. Tasneem Akolawala , 27 July 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Both the smartphones have a unique secondary display at the back. The second display lets you see selfies while shooting from the rear came. Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus sport dual camera setup at the back as well. Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus design Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus price and availability Meizu Pro 7 specifications Meizu Pro 7 Plus specifications. Chinese manufacturer Meizu has expanded its portfolio and launched two new smartphones in China. The Meizu Pro 7 and Meizu Pro 7 Plus smartphones are priced starting at CNY 2,880 (roughly Rs. 27,400) and CNY 3,580 (roughly Rs. Before delving into the specifications and availability, let us take a moment to talk about the smartphones' biggest highlight - a unique second AMOLED display at the back.. Meizu hasn't taken the LG approach and put a second screen on top of the display, just like the LG V20. Instead, it made a second screen at the back of the smartphone, for well, various purposes that Meizu thinks are essential. The second screen shows the time, notifications, weather, and also serves as a selfie screen for taking portraits from the rear camera. The small screen takes up the top left space at the back, with the dual cameras sitting on the top edge. This is quite a unique feature, not seen on any commercial smartphone launched so far, however just how it will impact the overall durability and actual user-friendliness remains to be seen.. Design wise, both the Meizu Pro 7 and Meizu Pro 7 Plus smartphones sport a slim metallic body with dual camera sensors and the second screen at the back situated on the left edge. The Home Button is in the front with a fingerprint scanner underneath, and the USB Type-C port and speaker grille are on the bottom edge of the smartphones. The power and volume keys are on the right edge, and the smartphones come with a 3.5mm audio jack as well.. Both the Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus will be available in China for now from August 5. The Meizu Po 7 comes in two variants - Helio P25 SoC with 64GB storage at CNY 2,880 (roughly Rs. 27,400) and another powered by the Heio X30 SoC with 128GB storage priced at CNY 3,380 (roughly Rs. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus also has two variants - 6GB of RAM and 64GB of storage costs CNY 3,580 (roughly Rs. 34,100) and the 128GB version is priced at CNY 4,080 (roughly Rs. The Meizu Pro 7 will be available in Black, Gold and Red, while the Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB variant will be available in Matte Black, Space Black, Amber Gold and Crystal Silver. The 128GB variant will be available only in Matte Black or Space Black.. The Meizu Pro 7 runs on Flyme OS 6 based on Android 7.0 Nougat and supports dual-SIM cards. There's a 5.2-inch full-HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Super AMOLED display in the front and a 1.9-inch (240×536 pixels) Super AMOLED secondary display with 307ppi pixel density at the back as well. The smartphone is powered by a 2.5GHz MediaTek Helio P25 octa-core processor with Mali-T880 GPU with 64GB of internal storage offering, and has another variant that is powered by the 2.6GHz MediaTek Helio X30 deca-core 10nm processor with PowerVR 7XTP-MP4 GPU and 128GB internal storage. Both the variants pack 4GB of RAM.. As for optics, the Meizu Pro 7 sports 12-megapixel dual cameras at the rear (monochrome + RGB) with f/2.0 aperture, PDAF, and LED flash support. At the front, there is a 16-megapixel sensor with f/2.0 aperture. It packs a 3000mAh battery with support for mCharge fast charging, and connectivity options include 4G VoLTE , WiFi 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.2, and GPS. The Meizu Pro 7 weighs 164 grams and the dimensions measure at 147.62x70.72x7.3mm.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus sports a 5.7-inch Quad HD (1440x2560 pixels) Super AMOLED display, and a similar secondary display at the back like the Pro 7. The larger variant is powered by the 2.6GHz MediaTek Helio X30 10nm deca-core processor with PowerVR 7XTP-MP4 GPU and 6GB RAM. It offers 64GB and 128GB internal storage options. The battery capacity goes up to 3500mAh with support for mCharge 4.0 fast charging. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus weighs 170 grams and measures 157.34x77.24x7.3mm.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Meizu , Meizu Pro 7 Features , Meizu Pro 7 Launch , Meizu Pro 7 Plus Features , Meizu Pro 7 Plus Launch , Meizu Pro 7 Plus Price , Meizu Pro 7 Plus Specifications , Meizu Pro 7 Price , Meizu Pro 7 Specifications , Mobiles. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. Amazon Prime Now Service Launched in Singapore, Taking on Alibaba in Southeast Asia. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Market Summary Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content. Watchlists My Portfolio My Screeners Markets Industries Personal Finance Technology Originals Events. Markets open in 3 hrs 57 mins. S&P Futures 2,759.25 Dow Futures 25,479.00 Nasdaq Futures 6,921.75 Russell 2000 1,549.19 Crude Oil 63.56 Gold 1,341.20 Silver 16.68 EUR/USD 1.23. + 10.50 ( + 0.38% ). + 165.00 ( + 0.65% ). + 12.00 ( + 0.17% ). + 19.20 ( + 1.25% ). + 0.01 ( + 0.02% ). + 10.90 ( + 0.82% ). + 0.20 ( + 1.19% ). + 0.01 ( + 0.41% ). Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus: Everything you need to know. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 and Redmi Note 2 Pro news and rumors Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus vs. iPhone 7 Plus: Which adds more value?. Meizu has announced the Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus , its follow up to the Pro 6 and Pro 6 Plus , and fans should be ready for devices that don’t look like any Meizu phone to come before them. In fact, they don’t look like many other phones at all. Meizu has put two screens on the Pro 7, but unlike LG’s approach with the V20 , there’s the main screen and a secondary screen on the back. It doesn’t cover the whole of the rear panel though, and functionally it is reminiscent of Samsung’s early experiments with Edge screens, such as that on the Galaxy S6 Edge Plus .. The secondary screen sits on the left-hand side of the rear panel. The size and resolution hasn’t been confirmed yet, but we do know it’s an AMOLED screen, so it should look great. It shows notifications, the music player, the time, weather information, and can act as a mirror for use with the rear cameras. Selfies no longer have to be taken with the front cam. It’s set inside a great looking metal body, with a very cool brushed finish, which will come in matte and space black, gold, or silver.. Meizu uses the front screen to differentiate between the Pro 7 and the Pro 7 Plus. The Pro 7 has a 5.2-inch Super AMOLED screen with a 1920 x 1080 pixel display, while the larger Pro 7 Plus has a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED with a 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution. The other difference comes with the memory. The Pro 7 has 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage, while the Pro 7 Plus gets 6GB of RAM and a choice of 64GB or 128GB storage space. Both phones are powered by the MediaTek Helio P25, which was introduced earlier this year .. meizu pro 7 news plus gold. The octa-core Helio P25 is the first MediaTek chip to support dual cameras, a feature which Meizu has included on the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus. The two Sony IMX386 sensors are embedded in the panel which contains the second screen on the back of the Pro 7, and both have 12 megapixels. We do know one lens shoots in monochrome, but Meizu’s keeping quiet about the camera’s functionality for now; although we’d expect it to produce a bokeh-style blurred background effect. The selfie camera on the front has 16 megapixels.. A larger battery is needed to power the Pro 7 Plus’s higher resolution screen. It gets a 3,500mAh cell rather than the 3,000mAh cell in the Pro 7, and interestingly a more powerful charging system. It’s not Meizu’s Super mCharge system , but mCharge 4.0, which apparently will take a flat battery to 67 percent capacity in 30 minutes, using a new 5v/5a charger. Like other mCharge systems, it keeps the temperature low for maximum efficiency. Finally, the Pro 7 has Android 7.0 installed, with Meizu’s Flyme user interface over the top.. Meizu hasn’t announced the price for the Pro 7 or Pro 7 Plus, but we do know it’ll be released in September. The company’s main market is China, but Meizu phones are also sold in parts of Europe, India, Russia, New Zealand, and other countries around the world. Anyone in the United States or United Kingdom wanting a Meizu phone must work with an importer to get one.. Update: The Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus are now official, and we’ve included all known details here.. Silicon Valley is so expensive that even Facebook and Apple employees can't afford to live near the office. The Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy. Here's Why I Plan to Take Social Security at 62. 10 Netflix movies and shows you should watch before they’re removed in March. 4 undocumented immigrants share their American startup stories. Hawaiian Airlines Will Buy Boeing's 787-9 Dreamliner, and It Makes No Sense. Air Force Cancels $7B JSTARS Program Over Boeing, Northrop Objections. Yahoo Finance answers: Is the stock market corrupt?. India's Bollywood legend Sridevi dies at 54 of cardiac arrest. Warren Buffett is still learning new investing lessons. Smart speaker showdown: Apple HomePod vs. Cuban-American businessman who helped build the internet now defends it. 'Emperor' stocks soar in China as Xi cleared for indefinite reign. What I hope to hear from Fed Chair Powell this week. Apple AirPods may soon get over-ear headphone sibling with better sound quality. General Electric to restate two years of earnings. Social Security Forfeiture: What Are the 2018 Income Limits?. China paves way for Xi Jinping to remain leader for years. NASA Captures Stunning Images of Mars' Moons. Netflix Suffering from Its Own Success. GoBee Bike throws in the towel in France. 6 Key Takeaways From the Democratic Intelligence Memo. 3 Reasons Traditional IRAs Are Better Than Roth IRAs. Elon Musk boasts: Tesla Semi specs may be better than initially advertised. Exclusive: Essar Oil seeks loans from traders as banks fear Russian links. The top 10 games of E3 2017. Global stocks firm, dollar dips before big week for central banks. 
Home >> Phones >> Meizu >>Pro 7 Plus. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Meizu Pro 7 Plus is a Smartphone Powered by Flyme OS 6.0 based on Android 7.0 Nougat, 1.9 inch secondary display and Dual 12MP Auto Focus Camera with dual tone LED Flash.. - 2.6GHz Deca-Core Helio X30 Processor. - 6GB RAM With 64/128GB ROM. - 5.7 Inch Quad HD Super AMOLED Touchscreen Display. - Dual 12MP Primary Camera With Dual Tone LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Meizu Pro 7 Plus User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
This entry was posted in Mobile Review and tagged meizu , mid-range-phone , mobile .. Meizu Pro 7 Plus: Dual-cam and dual-screen powerhouse. Posted on November 29, 2017 December 21, 2017 by Paul Carroll. Dual cameras with 12Mp RGB & monochrome sensors. Sony Exmor 1/2.9″ IMX368 sensors with 1.25µm pixel pitch. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is the Chinese manufacturer’s latest flagship smartphone, packing plenty of processing power for photography enthusiasts via the. MediaTek Helio X30 chipset, deca-core processor, and 6GB RAM.. The camera setup boasts a dual-cam solution that features two 1/2.9″ 12Mp sensors ( RGB + monochrome) with 1.25µm pixel pitch. In theory, the two sensors combine for improved depth effects and overall image quality.. An interesting feature for mobile photographers is a second AMOLED display on the back of the device. As well as being handy for quickly checking the time or notifications, the second display can also be used as a viewfinder to shoot nicely-composed selfies while still using the high-quality rear camera. A background-blurring bokeh mode is on board as well. Meizu Pro 7 Plus with firmware version Flyme 6.1.2.0A. Let’s see how it shapes up in our DxoMark Mobile tests.. About DxOMark Mobile tests : For scoring and analysis in our smartphone camera reviews, DxOMark engineers capture and evaluate over 1500 test images and more than 2 hours of video both in controlled lab environments and in natural indoor and outdoor scenes.. This article is designed to highlight the most important results of the testing. For more information about the DxOMark Mobile test protocol,. Securing an overall DxOMark Mobile Score of 71 points, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus produces better results for still photos, for which the device achieves a Photo score of 74. The device gets many of the basics right, with good results for exposure, color, autofocus, flash, and noise , so successful images are possible. Artifacts are a significant problem, however, particularly inconsistent sharpness across the frame , either partially or completely corrupted files displaying no picture, as well as some frames captured at a much lower resolution for no obvious reason.. The Meizu’s overall mobile score was watered down a little by its video performance, which achieved a lower score of 65. Its key strengths for video are bold and pleasant colors, with generally accurate white balance and smooth adaptation. Video exposure is mainly good in well-balanced conditions, but dynamic range is limited for both video and still photos when shooting high-contrast scenes, and videos shot in low-light conditions are noticeably underexposed. Autofocus performance is fast to lock on, but inconsistent during recording, and although stabilization is effective when you’re fairly stationary, videos on the move are a little trickier for the Meizu to handle.. We achieved many successful pictures shooting natural scenes outdoors, with good exposure in well balanced lighting conditions, nice color rendering , and acceptable white balance. Some warmer color casts were evident, but they weren’t unpleasant, giving areas drenched in sunlight a nice glow. Dynamic range is limited when shooting in default mode, as the Meizu’s HDR mode doesn’t kick in automatically, so high-contrast scenes remained challenging, with significant loss of detail in the highlights and shadows. Texture is acceptable in static scenes outdoors, when the autofocus system finds good focus and when you don’t jab the screen too hard (more on this later), but even in the best examples, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus doesn’t capture the finest details.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is capable of good exposures in bright outdoor lighting conditions, with accurate test chart results under consistent lighting in the lab, as well as some nice results in our outdoor test scenes when the light was well-balanced.. In lower light conditions, exposures start to get a little dark, especially in very low light, where a loss of color saturation is evident, but in fairly bright indoor conditions, exposures remain very acceptable. When exposure is good, color rendering is generally nice, but some color shading with green tones towards the center shifting to pink at the edges is evident under some artificial light sources. Noise is well-controlled in low light, and better than that of many key competitors, with smooth rendering in homogenous areas even in very low light. Texture is pretty good in darker conditions, too, particularly in static scenes, although capturing good detail in moving subjects in low light remains elusive for the Meizu Pro 7 Plus.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is capable of good exposures in indoor lighting conditions, with accurate test chart results in the lab using consistent lighting, as well as some nice results in our outdoor test scenes where the lighting conditions were well balanced.. Using flash as the only light source, color remains good, albeit with a slight green white balance cast. The flash is well-centered in the frame, but visible corner shading occurs, with a noticeable buildup of luminance noise towards the edges, and sharpness is fairly low. Mixing flash with additional light sources, the green white balance cast intensifies and portraits tend to suffer from the red eyes, reddish skin tones, and a loss of sharpness.. Using flash as the only light source, white balance and color are fairly good, although a slight yellow/green cast is visible on skin tones, and sharpness is fairly low. A buildup of luminance noise is also visible in the corners, along with some slight corner shading.. With no second telephoto lens on the Meizu Pro 7 Plus for zoom, photographers must rely on conventional digital zoom to get a bit closer to subjects. At close range at 2x magnification, results are pretty good, particularly in bright light: overall detail preservation is strong, but we advise some phone support or very sturdy handling for shooting 2x zoom photos in low light. Shots at 4x in the very brightest conditions are just about acceptable, but expect to see some artifacts and to lose details. In low light at 4x, or in any lighting conditions at 8x, image quality is seriously affected.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus features a bokeh simulation mode for blurring the background in portraits. The blur intensity is very strong, which can make for a striking effect, but it’s not very natural. The shape of the bokeh is pleasing in some areas, but depth estimation failures can result in visible artifacts around your subject.. The bokeh simulation effect on the Meizu Pro 7 Plus has a very strong blur intensity, and although spectral highlights have a pleasant circular shape, the overall effect is not very natural. Many artifacts are visible around the subject, too, with depth estimation failures leading to inconsistent subject masking.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus achieves a total photo score of 74, which is calculated from its scores in tests that examine different aspects of its performance under varying lighting conditions. In this section, we’ll take a closer look at these image quality sub-scores.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus achieves a pretty good score for exposure, thanks to accurate and repeatable exposures of color checker charts in our lab under consistent light sources. Dynamic range is limited when shooting tricky high-contrast scenes, however, where a loss of detail in both the highlight and shadow regions is significant in some exposures. Although the Meizu Pro 7 Plus does have a HDR mode, it doesn’t appear to activate automatically in default mode, which is how we test devices for consistency.. The dynamic range potential of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus proves limited when shooting tricky high-contrast test scenes, with very overexposed highlights in our “under the bridge” test scene. Some loss of detail in the shadow regions is evident, too.. The limited dynamic range was also evident in our backlit portrait scenes, where highlight detail outside was significantly overexposed. In this scene the autofocus also struggled to lock on, resulting in a slightly soft image.. The limited dynamic range is evident in our backlit-portrait test scene, too. While the Meizu Pro 7 Plus does a good job of exposing the subject’s face, most of the highlight detail outside is completely overexposed.. In low-light conditions, exposures are good down to 20 Lux; and although at 5 Lux they’re slightly underexposed, resulting in a loss of color saturation, overall they remain acceptable for the conditions.. Lab-test chart exposures in very low-light conditions (5 Lux) are a little underexposed, but very acceptable, although the rendering of some colors is slightly inaccurate, with the loss of some color saturation evident, too.. A good score for color, as the Meizu renders bold and vivid hues in most conditions, and particularly when shooting outdoors or in bright indoor conditions. White balance is mainly accurate, providing neutral results in many of our outdoor test scenes; and although a slight warm color cast was visible in some outdoor pictures, it isn’t overly strong and some photographers may like it.. White balance is mostly accurate in outdoor lighting, and although a warm cast is sometime visible, it’s not overly strong or unpleasant.. Color rendering is generally good in outdoor lighting conditions, with accurate and reasonably well-saturated color.. The Meizu lost points for very noticeable color shading in some conditions, however, specifically in low-light images or when shooting under certain light sources.. Color shading is well-controlled on outdoor images, but under some artificial light sources, a shift in color from green in the center to pink at the edges is visible, such as in the image above, shot in the lab using 100 Lux fluorescent lighting.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’s phase-detection system found focus quickly in all lighting conditions, so it scored well for autofocus. It lost points for repeatability , however, with the device failing to find the best sharp focus consistently across a consecutive series of 30 shots in the lab.. Shooting 30 consecutive frames in low light (20 Lux) in the lab, and defocusing each time, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus was quick to focus after both a short or a long delay, but sharpness was inconsistent, with some shots slightly or completely out of focus, particularly after a short delay.. Shooting our natural test scenes, this lack of sharpness was evident in many shots, which displayed a slight blur. Autofocus is also a little erratic, with the point of focus in the frame changing depending on the subject.. Autofocus accuracy can be a little inconsistent, with slightly out-of-focus results in many of our natural test scenes. The point on which the Meizu Pro 7 Plus focuses also often changes depending on the scene, so we ended up with several images a bit out of focus.. A weaker score overall for texture. Although the Meizu performed pretty well in bright light, it suffered some loss of detail in low light.. Shooting outdoor natural scenes, fine detail preservation is generally good in low-contrast areas, such as the brick work of the wall or the window balconies.. Shooting static scenes, very good detail is possible in bright light over 100 Lux and results are just about OK when shooting indoor images, but the loss of detail is more significant below 20 Lux. Scenes containing some subject motion remain challenging for the Meizu Pro 7 Plus, however. It achieves the best results in the brightest light, but even then some subject motion is apparent. In short, expect a very noticeable loss of detail on moving subjects in low-light conditions.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus offers its best detail preservation in bright indoor conditions (100 Lux) and very bright outdoor conditions (1000 Lux), but in lower light, detail is noticeably affected both in static scenes and particularly in scenes containing subject movement, which is often very blurred.. Compared to competitors with a similar overall DxOMark Mobile score, such as the Lava Z25, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus records greater fine detail for static subjects in both indoor (100 Lux) and low-light (20 Lux) conditions. Comparison with top-end devices such as the Google Pixel 2, however, show that the more expensive device is (unsurprisingly) capable of greater definition in all conditions.. Crop of Meizu Pro 7 Plus at 100 Lux, on tripod. Crop of Lava Z25 at 100 Lux, on tripod. Crop of Google Pixel 2 at 100 Lux, on tripod. Crop of Meizu Pro 7 Plus at 20 Lux, on tripod. Crop of Lava Z25 at 20 Lux, on tripod. Crop of Google Pixel 2 at 20 Lux, on tripod. A good score overall for noise, which is particularly well-controlled in low light compared to many key competitors. The Meizu lost points for very noticeable noise in homogenous areas in outdoor pictures, however, such as in the plain blue sky below.. Although noise is handled reasonably well in low light, when shooting outdoors, luminance noise is very visible in areas of uniform color, such as the sky.. Some noise is visible in very low-light conditions (5 Lux), but remains very acceptable and is one of the strengths of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus.. Crop of Meizu Pro 7 Plus noise at 5 Lux. Crop of Lava Z25 noise at 5 Lux. Crop of Google Pixel 2 noise at 5 Lux. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus dropped many points because of corrupted images, image size variations, loss of acutance , cyan shift , and ringing. The most significant problem is the corrupted images, with some shots either partially or completely corrupted —. occasionally displaying no image at all. Image size variations are also a little disconcerting, with the Meizu capturing many frames at the full 4000 x 3008px resolution, but recording some at a much lower 1024×768 px resolution for no apparent reason. Both problems occurred in all lighting conditions and in both lab and natural scene tests; we were unable to identify the cause of the inconsistencies.. Out of a consecutive series of 5 images of the same scene, the Meizu captured some exposures full size at 4000x3008px…. … while it recorded other exposures at a much lower 1024x768px resolution for no apparent reason.. A loss of sharpness across the frame is also significant, resulting in a large point deduction. Although many mobile devices display a loss of sharpness in the outer field, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus sometimes displays out-of-focus patches towards the center of the frame, too. We detected some vibrations of the lens, which are potentially caused by over-enthusiastic jabbing of the screen when taking a shot, so we advise a light touch and careful handling for more consistent sharpness.. A significant artifact problem for the Meizu Pro 7 Plus is inconsistent sharpness across the frame. Although many mobile devices suffer a loss of edge sharpness, the Meizu can display a loss of sharpness in random parts of the picture, including the center, which seriously affects image quality.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’s dual-tone flash module renders more neutral color using flash as the sole light source, with a noticeable yellow/green color cast evident in mixed-light shots. Good sharpness is challenging in flash pictures in all lighting conditions as well, but particularly with flash-only shots: portraits are noticeably soft, and also suffer from the red-eye effect and slightly red skin tones. The flash output is well-centered in the frame, but noticeable corner shading occurs, resulting in a significant buildup of luminance noise in the darker tonal regions.. Mixing flash with additional light sources (tungsten 5 Lux), white balance turns noticeably green and some autofocus instabilities are evident, and the device does not always accurately focus on the subject.. With no second lens to provide a telephoto focal length, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus relies on digital zoom for getting in closer to your subjects. Our close-range (50mm) analysis in the lab using the 2x digital zoom shows that although there is some loss of detail at 100 Lux (indoor conditions) and 20 Lux (low-light conditions), the images remain acceptable overall. As you’d expect, the Meizu’s 2x zoom quality cannot keep up with the Google Pixel 2, but easily beats a mid-range device like the Lava Z25.. Crop of Meizu Pro 7 Plus at 100 Lux, 2x zoom. Crop of Lava Z25 at 100 Lux, 2x zoom. Crop of Google Pixel 2 at 100 Lux, 2x zoom. Crop of Meizu Pro 7 Plus at 20 Lux, 2x zoom. Crop of Lava Z25 at 20 Lux, 2x zoom. Crop of Google Pixel 2 at 20 Lux, 2x zoom. A more significant loss of detail occurs at 4x magnification, which you should avoid if you want the best results. Other problems such as artifacts and visible luminance noise both in homogenous areas in outdoor pictures, as well as in low-light images and portraits, also affect image quality.. Meizu Pro 7 Plus, mid-range (4x) zoom. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’s bokeh simulation renders a pleasing shape to the spectral highlights in many areas of the background, which is its main strength. The blur intensity is very strong, however, so the overall effect is somewhat strange and not very natural-looking. Depth estimation failures also result in significant artifacts along the edges and around the portrait, with noticeable masking errors, and the blur is often applied inconsistently to foreground and background areas, again making the overall effect unnatural.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus’s bokeh simulation has a very strong blur intensity, and although spectral highlights have a pleasant circular shape, the overall effect is not very natural. Many artifacts are visible around the subject, too, with depth estimation failures leading to inconsistent subject masking.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus achieved a lower score of 65 in our video analysis, compared to 74 for still photos.. The overall Video score is calculated using the video sub-scores to give us some insight into the device’s strengths and weaknesses when shooting moving images: Exposure (59), Color (78), Autofocus (33), Texture (41), Noise (72), Artifacts (77), and Stabilization (51).. The device generally does a good with video exposure in well-balanced lighting conditions both outdoors and indoors, with well-exposed video under constant light sources in our lab analysis. As with stills, dynamic range is limited in video exposures, with a significant loss of detail evident when shooting high-contrast scenes, and videos are underexposed in very low-light conditions. Exposure adaptation during lighting changes can be abrupt, too, and is very noticeable in panning videos, when exposure tends to fluctuate, with over-shoots resulting in incorrectly exposed video for a few seconds.. The Meizu’s main strengths for video are its rich and well-saturated colors, which are particularly pleasant in outdoor movies. Its white balance is mainly accurate, with smooth adaptation, although some color cast instabilities are evident in indoor videos with walking movements. The main weakness for video is autofocus: although fast to lock on initially, it has a tendency to drop focus during recording. Significant focus hunting results in several seconds of out-of-focus video occurring frequently in clips. Stabilization is OK with handheld capture, but residual motion is evident when capturing video with basic walking movements in all lighting conditions.. Positioned at a significantly lower price point than many flagship devices, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus is competing price-wise with mid-range models from more established manufacturers — and it has a lot going for it, packing plenty of processing power, a large main screen, and an innovative second display as a stand-out feature.. For photography enthusiasts, the device’s dual RGB and monochrome sensors aim to improve image quality, and in the right conditions we achieved many successful pictures, with good exposure, color, and texture. However, dynamic range is a little limited, with HDR mode failing to activate automatically in default mode, and low-light images can be underexposed and lacking color. Images also show some artifacts and lens vibrations are seemingly the cause of inconsistent sharpness. That aside, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus gets most of the key stuff right for smartphone photographers, making it a solid contender in the mid-range market.. Effective noise reduction in low light. Good lab test flash exposures on portraits. Generally good lab test exposures in bright-light conditions. Generally good lab test exposures in low-light conditions. Pleasant color in outdoor light conditions. White balance adaptation is smooth during lighting changes. Frequent unnecessary re-focusing, focus hunting, and loss of focus. Underexposure in low light, and limited dynamic range. Visible exposure steps during lighting changes. Sony A7R III sensor review: The Nikon D850 meets its mirrorless match. Please , test oneplus5t, lg v30,. Thank you for your message and for the suggestion. We’ll review these 2 mobiles as we can, but can only advise you to hold on, as we’re not communicating about the roadmap in advance. Thank you for your understanding and patience.. Who cares about this pos phone. Hello, Thank you for your message and for the suggestion. We’ll review this mobile as we can, but can only advise you to stay tuned, as we’re not communicating about the roadmap in advance. Thank you for your understanding and patience.. The option to defocus background is tested here but not on Sony phones. Are you going to test HTC U11+?? Its a really interesting camera to test. Ha ha people has to enter these cheap mobile review forum to talk about Lg V30 , Oneplus 5t or HTC u11 plus. this is totally biased inspection,totally biased. How DxOMark Mobile scores smartphone cameras. Evaluating computational bokeh: How we test smartphone portrait modes. Motorola Moto Z2 Force review: Motorola’s dual-cam flagship. Sigma 24-70mm F2.8 DG OS HSM A for Canon review: Third-party option. Sigma 24-70mm F/2.8 DG OS HSM A for Nikon review: Good value standard-zoom. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Enter your email to sign up for our monthly newsletter!. Copyright © 2008-2018 DxOMark Image Labs. 
We are shipping from EU Warehouse. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get notified about sales and new products. We are shipping from EU Warehouse. Cart / $ 0.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Home / Meizu. Choose an option Silver Gold Black. Choose an option 6GB RAM + 64GB ROM 6GB RAM + 128GB ROM Clear. $ 479.00 – $ 599.00. 5.7 inch Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 1440 x 2560 pixels (~518 ppi pixel density). Dual 12 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED flash. Non-removable 3500 mAh battery with fast charging. United States dollar ($) - USD. Meizu Pro 7 Plus smartphone was launched in August 2017. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is powered by 2.6GHz MediaTek Helio X30 processor and it comes with 6GB of RAM. The phone packs 64/128GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to GB via a card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3500mAh non-removable battery. It measures 157.34 x 77.24 x 7.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 170.00 grams.. Please insert the code above to comment. Notify of new replies to this comment. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 349.00 – $ 399.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 179.00 – $ 249.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 139.00 – $ 169.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 139.00 – $ 149.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 219.00 – $ 299.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Supplying Xiaomi, Lenovo, Motorola, Huawei, Meizu, ZTE smartphones at affordable prices from EU Warehouse.. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is now available for pre-order!. Xiaomi Mi Mix is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Xiaomi Mi Mix is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Welcome to EuDirect Shop!. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get notified about sales and new products. Copyright 2018 © EuDirect Shop. Username or email address *. 
0 Ваша корзина 0 x 0 р.. 0 Ваша корзина 0 x 0 р.. График работы с 09:00 до 21:00, будни. с 11:00 до 19:00, выходные дни. 0 Ваша корзина 0 x 0 р.. График работы с 09:00 до 21:00, будни. с 11:00 до 19:00, выходные дни. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB + 128GB (Black). Окно в мир новых возможностейВнедрение новых технологий – основная стратегия развития компании Meizu... Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB + 128GB (Space Black). Окно в мир новых возможностейВнедрение новых технологий – основная стратегия развития компании Meizu... Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB + 64GB (Black). Окно в мир новых возможностейВнедрение новых технологий – основная стратегия развития компании Meizu... Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB + 64GB (Gold). Окно в мир новых возможностейВнедрение новых технологий – основная стратегия развития компании Meizu... Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB + 64GB (Silver). Окно в мир новых возможностейВнедрение новых технологий – основная стратегия развития компании Meizu... Большинство заказов с сайта обрабатываются нами в день обращения!. Вся продукция официальная и имеет гарантию от производителя.. Купите Meizu по лучшей цене в России, а также скидки и акции!. Оформляете заказ через корзину или "купить в 1 клик". Оплачиваете курьеру или в пункте выдачи товара. Отношу себя к людям практичным, поэтому особо тратиться на телефон, который нужен только для связи, не вижу смысла. Решила попробовать в Мейзу, тем более что многие друзья уже обзавелись таким сенсорным «другом» и без претензий. Стартовые 16 ГБ в Meizu U10 вполне устраивают, пока даже не думаю о флешке. Зарядку держит просто отлично, даже при постоянном подключении к интернету.. Смартфоны доставляют в целости и сохранности, по крайней мере у меня претензий нет. Быстро, не приходится ждать неделями своего заказа, оформил заявку, в тот же день получите распишитесь. Молодцы ребята работают оперативно, для себя понял, что здесь покупать выгодно, цены не кусаются, характеристики моделей хорошо расписаны, сразу понятно что к чему и во сколько тебе это обойдется.. Мне как-то внешний вид телефона не особо важен, главное не разбить его. А учитывая, что модельки недешевые, лучше перестраховаться заранее. Благо в каталоге полно стекол защитных, бамперов по 99 рублей и других чехлов, просто гуляй душа, можно хорошо приодеть свой смартфон, а заодно защитить от ударов и прочих неприятностей.. Интернет магазин Meizu Store – площадка, где Вы можете ознакомиться со всеми новинками от компании Meizu. В нашем магазине телефонов Мейзу постоянно представлен широкий ассортимент Meizu по лучшим ценам, ведь желаемое должно быть доступным. Мы работаем по всем городам России и осуществляем удобную и быструю доставку. При желании купить товар фирмы Meizu лично, приходите в наши магазины, и менеджеры будут рады помочь Вам в покупке желаемого гаджета.. На все смартфоны и аксессуары действует гарантия сроком 1 год. Работаем для Вас без выходных и праздников. 127051 , Россия, г.Москва, , Цветной бульвар, 2. Внимание! Сведения, указанные на сайте приведены как справочная информация и не являются публичной офертой, определяемой положениями статьи 437 Гражданского кодекса Российской Федерации. 
Meizu PRO 7 Plus Price in the Philippines and Specification. With a rear AMOLED screen, this 5.7-inch device dual 12 MP back camera as well as 16 MP selfie snapper that is coupled with 6GB of RAM and two variants of ROM (64GB and 128GB).. 5.7 inches / 1.9 inches, ... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Meizu PRO 7 Plus Price in the Philippines Starts from P19,790.24. The lowest price of Meizu PRO 7 Plus is P19,790.24 at AliExpress, which is 26% less than the cost of PRO 7 Plus at Lazada (P26,815).. This smartphone is available in 64GB, 128GB storage variants.. The latest price of Meizu PRO 7 Plus was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:09.. Video of Meizu PRO 7 Plus. [English sub] Meizu Pro 7/7 Plus & Flow Earphone unboxing and hands on #SamiLuo. Specs of Meizu PRO 7 Plus. , ARM Cortex-A73 2.6GHz x2 + ARM Cortex-A53 2.2GHz x4 + ARM Cortex-A35 1.9GHz x4. 2.6 GHz + 2.2 GHz + 1.9 GHz. Super AMOLED 2560 x 1440 pixels. , AMOLED 240 x 536 pixels. Dual 12 MP + 12 MP, f/2.0. 157.34 x 77.24 x 7.3 mm. Reviews of Meizu PRO 7 Plus. Will you be the first reviewer of this product? Please share your experience.. Forum of Meizu PRO 7 Plus. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. Compared to Meizu PRO 7 Plus. ASUS ZenFone 2 Deluxe Special Edition ZE551ML. 5.2 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB, ... 5 inches, HD 720 x 1280 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.2 inches, 1280 x 720 (HD). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 5.2 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3.... Most viewed ranking for Meizu Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Meizu / Meizu Pro 7 Plus Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 5.0 1 Ratings 0 Questions & Answers. Meizu Pro 7 Plus runs Android 7.1 Nougat. It features a 5.7-inch QHD AMOLED display. Other variant of this mobile is Meizu Pro 7. The device is powered by a 2.5GHz deca-core MediaTek Helio X30 chipset and 6GB of RAM. It has 64GB of non-expandable internal storage space. The smartphone comes with a dual 12-megapixel rear camera with an LED flash and a 16-megapixel front-facing camera. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, GPS, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, a microUSB Type-C port. It is fuelled by a non-removable Li-Ion 3,500mAh battery .. Expected Price: ₹ 28,999. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you as soon as the phone is on sale/available.. You will be informed when the mobile is launched.. Add extension and get notified as soon as the phone is on sale/available.. You will be informed when the mobile is launched.. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Release Date Status Upcoming Mobile Expected Price Rs. 28999 Launch Date 31st March 2018 Updated On 26th February 2018. Key Features Fingerprint Reader 6GB RAM Dual 12MP Rear Camera Quad HD AMOLED Display. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Price in India Meizu Pro 7 Plus price in India is expected to be Rs. Pro 7 Plus is due to be launched in March, 2018. The 64GB variant costs around Rs. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus comes in multiple colour options like Gold, Black, Rose Gold, Silver which are also priced the same.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus is a bigger brother of the Pro 7. The device sports the exact same looks and comes with power-packed hardware. The device features curved edges which make it easily fit in the palm. The front-facing home button also doubles up as a fingerprint reader and allow users to record up to 5 fingerprints to keep the data safe. For shutterbugs, the device comes with a dual 12-megapixel rear camera and a 16-megapixel front-facing camera. The rear camera along with an LED flash is designed to capture stunning images even in low-light while the front shooter is good for making video calls and selfies.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus packs a non-removable Li-Ion 3,500mAh battery which is tipped to last for close to an entire day for a moderate user. To ensure a flawless and smooth smartphone experience while multitasking the smartphone is powered by a deca-core MediaTek Helio X30 chipset processor and 6GB of RAM .. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus ships with 64GB of non-expandable storage space which can be used by users to install relevant apps and personal files like images, songs, videos, etc. On the software front, the smartphone runs the Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system.. One of the striking features of the Meizu Pro 7 Plus is its display. The handset flaunts a 5.7-inch Quad HD AMOLED display which is crisp and vibrant. The screen is coupled with excellent viewing angles that let you enjoy videos and games. Further, the screen is also protected from any unwanted scratches thanks to the coating of Corning's Gorilla Glass 5. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, and a microUSB Type-C port.. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus officially unveiled. Chinese smartphone maker Meizu has officially unveiled its most awaited 2017 flagship smartphones the Meizu Pro 7 and the Pro 7 Plus Interestingly these phones offer dual AMOLED displays dual rear-facing cameras and powerful processors The 19-inch display at the rear boasts of a pixel densit. Meizu Pro 7 Plus specs leak online ahead of official unveiling later today. Meizu will be unveiling its flagship Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones at an event in China later today Ahead of the official unveiling key specs of the Pro 7 Plus as well as regular Pro 7 have been leaked on the web While key specs of the Pro 7 have been confirmed already thanks to a TENAA list. Please ask the question in above box. This question has no answers yet. Does it have an FM radio?. This question has no answers yet. Does it have a gorilla glass or not?. This question has no answers yet. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Specifications Display Display Type AMOLED Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.7 Pixel Density 401 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 71.4 % Design and Build Weight 153 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v7.1 (Nougat) Camera Rear Flash Yes Selfie Flash No Primary Dual 12 M.Pixels Front 16 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 64GB RAM 6GB Expandable No Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3200 mAh Turbo Charge No Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Type C Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Helio X25 Architecture Cortex A73 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 2.2 GHz Make MediaTek Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light Yes Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Meizu mobile price list in India. iPhone 6 Plus price in India (Rs. Moto Z2 Force price in India (Rs. Nokia 8 price in India (Rs. iPhone 6 32GB price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Meizu Pro 7 Plus. User Reviews of Meizu Pro 7 Plus. 1 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 1. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Price in India is Rs. 28,999 as on 26th February 2018 15:43:41. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Meizu Category: Mobiles. Storage 64GB | 128GB. Display 5.2 inch (Front) + 1.9 inch (Rear). Camera 12 MP (Mono) f/2.0 (Rear)+ 12 MP (RGB) f/2.0, + 16 MP (Front). Operating System Android 7.0 (Nougat). The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 9.7 4.9 1. Design 10 / 10. Display 10 / 10. Camera 9 / 10. Features 10 / 10. Connectivity 10 / 10. Usability 10 / 10. Performance 9 / 10. Battery 9 / 10. This profile is still under construction, details are currently. not guaranteed to be 100% accurate. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Release Meizu Pro 7 Plus Pricing. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus was announced in China on July 26 and released on August 5 like its sibling, Meizu Pro 7.. The device is expected to be released in multiple markets including; Brunel, Cambodia, Egypt, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, New Zealand, Russia, South Africa, Ukraine, and Vietnam. The US and UK market are reported to unlikely have the Pro 7 Plus + Meizu Pro 7 officially.. The Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB. variant will sell for ¥3580 (∼$530) and the 128GB model will cost ¥4080 (∼$604).. All videos or content not watermarked by GizmoChina are. used under ‘Fair Use’ for discussion.. Meizu Pro 7 Plus - SPECIFICATIONS. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 5.7 inch + 1.9 inch (Secondary - Rear). 2560 x 1440 (QHD) + 240 x 536. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. 64GB or 128GB (UFS 2.1 Both). Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Fingerprint Sensor, Infrared Sensor, Gyroscope, Accelerometer, Distance Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Hall Sensor, E-Compass. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. User Interface UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Primary 12 MP (Mono) f/2.0 + 12 MP (RGB) f/2.0. Rear: 4K (30fps), 1080p (30fps, 60fps, slow motion 120fps), 720p (30fps, slow motion 240fps ), 480p (30fps). Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Dual-Band, WiFi Direct. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Playback: MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG. Meizu Pro 7 Plus - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Meizu M E2 0 Reviews View specs →. MEIZU MA5 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M1 Metal 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M5 Note 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu MX5e 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M5S 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Read the full review: https://goo.gl/px2V9V | Buy the Meizu Pro 7 Plus: http://fave.co/2hmkGV9 With a tiny color AMOLED display on the back below the cameras, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus is a unique looking phone. But is it any good? Find out in our Meizu Pro 7 Plus review! Music by SUBLAB: https://soundcloud.com/sublabmusic/po... Download the AndroidAuthority App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/de... Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ---------------------------------------------------- Stay connected to Android Authority: - http://www.androidauthority.com - http://google.com/+androidauthority - http://facebook.com/androidauthority/ - http://twitter.com/androidauth/ - http://instagram.com/androidauthority/ Follow the Team: Josh Vergara: https://twitter.com/jvtechtea Joe Hindy: https://twitter.com/ThatJoeHindy Lanh Nguyen: https://twitter.com/LanhNguyenFilms Jayce Broda: https://twitter.com/jaycebroda Gary Sims: https://twitter.com/garysims Kris Carlon: https://twitter.com/kriscarlon Nirave Gondhia: https://twitter.com/nirave David Imel: https://twitter.com/durvidimel Bailey Stein: https://twitter.com/baileystein1. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu Pro 7 vs Galaxy S8 Speed Test. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Vivo V7+ Unboxing and Review: Borderless for less (Vivo V7 Plus). Do You Need 2 Displays On A Phone?. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Camera Vs Samsung Galaxy S8 | Camera Comparison | Camera Test | Camera Review 2017!. Meizu Pro 7 Unboxing and Review: Cutie Screen 💁🏻. Meizu Pro 7 Plus review: Next step or dead end?. Meizu Pro 7 | Helio P25 & X30 Version. MEIZU Pro 7 | The Most ORIGINAL and INNOVATIVE Phone of 2017. Xiaomi MI 6 VS Meizu PRO 7 VS Galaxy S7 Detailed Camera Review 📷. Using A Flip Phone In 2017.... Meizu Pro 7 Plus Review: Dual Screen Helio X30 Flagship (English). 5 Reasons Why The LG V30 is Better Than The Galaxy Note 8. Meizu Pro 7 Review after the Hype/Hands on/Gaming/Camera/Battery test(Flagship phone+Innovation). Meizu Pro 7 (Dual Display | Dual Camera | P25) - Unboxing & Hands On!. Top 5 Sony Xperia XZ2 features!. Why I Switched to iPhone (...and back again). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu Pro 6 Plus 4g Phablet 6 Inch Mi5s Plus 4g Phablet Oukitel Plus 4g Phablet. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet 5.7 inch. 16.0MP Front Camera Dual Screen Touch Sensor. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 3GB RAM 4G Smartphone. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet 5.7 inch. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tip: Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. Main Features: MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet 5.7 inch Android 7.0 Helio X30 2.6GHz Deca Core 6GB RAM 64GB ROM 16.0MP Front Camera Dual Screens Type-C Fingerprint Sensor Display: 5.7 inch 2560 x 1440 Pixel super AMOLED main screen + 1.9 inch 240 x 536 Pixel AMOLED back screen CPU: Helio X30 2.6GHz Deca Core System: Android 7.0 RAM + ROM: 6GB RAM + 64GB ROM Camera: 16.0MP front camera + 12.0MP + 12.0MP back cameras Sensor: Hall effect sensor, Gravity sensor, IR proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, Digital compass SIM Card: dual SIM dual standby. Nano + Nano SIM Feature: GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, Digital compass, BDS Bluetooth: 4.2 Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA BC0 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40/B41. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Nano SIM Card. 2G: GSM 1800MHz,GSM 1900MHz,GSM 850MHz,GSM 900MHz. 3G: WCDMA B1 2100MHz,WCDMA B2 1900MHz,WCDMA B5 850MHz,WCDMA B8 900MHz. 4G LTE: FDD B1 2100MHz,FDD B3 1800MHz,FDD B5 850MHz,FDD B7 2600MHz,TDD B38 2600MHz,TDD B39 1900MHz,TDD B40 2300MHz,TDD B41 2500MHz. I/O Interface: 2 x Nano SIM Slot,Micophone,Speaker,Type-C. Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor,E-Compass,Gravity Sensor,Gyroscope,Hall Sensor,Infrared Radiation,Proximity Sensor. Package size: 17.00 x 9.00 x 4.00 cm / 6.69 x 3.54 x 1.57 inches. Product size: 15.73 x 7.72 x 0.73 cm / 6.19 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches. FAQ for MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 4G Phablet 5.7 inch. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Is there a possibility to ad external SD storage?. Some sides say yes some no.. By Dennis Aug-25/2017 04:08:22. No it can not support any external SD storage.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Hello, does this product has lte B20 800MHz, ? As other sites list it without it. Is this another version with band 20 ?. By christian g Aug-22/2017 09:08:59. Yes, it can support below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA: BC0 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20 TDD-LTE: B38/B40. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Is there a possibility to ad external SD storage?. Some sides say yes some no.. By Dennis Aug-25/2017 04:08:22. No it can not support any external SD storage.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Hello, does this product has lte B20 800MHz, ? As other sites list it without it. Is this another version with band 20 ?. By christian g Aug-22/2017 09:08:59. Yes, it can support below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA: BC0 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20 TDD-LTE: B38/B40. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 2 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 0 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
