GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 141.9 x 69.9 x 8.3 mm (5.59 x 2.75 x 0.33 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~69.5% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M3s - user opinions and reviews. I bought it today and had 94% battery and till my journey to hometown I didn't used it for 4 hours and I used it continuesly for 3 hours. When battery comes below 30% level it went off quickly to 0%. I'm trying to plug it and charge it for now t.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M5 Meizu M5c Xiaomi Redmi 3s Meizu M3 Note Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Meizu M5s. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
The brand-new Meizu M3s makes a striking appearance with its astonishing, specifications and elegant look.. The Meizu M3s features a smooth and delicate metal body, which was accomplished by using 360Â° sand blasting. Our sophisticated anodizing technology packs the Meizu M3s with its beautiful colors - silver, grey, gold and rose gold.. The Meizu M3s features a 5-inch high-definition screen that blows you away immediately thanks to our sophisticated full lamination technology. Our 2.5D glass design brings you visual joy and a great feeling in the hand.. The Meizu M3s features mTouch 2.1, which provides you with the most convenient way of securing your phone through fingerprint technology.. Octa-core A53 Processor 3GB of RAM. The outstanding octa-core A53 processor complements the Meizu M3s with outstanding performance. Using eight cores guarantees an excellent balance between performance and power consumption in every situation.. The Meizu M3s helps you to capture all exciting moments; anywhere, anytime. The 13-megapixel rear camera supports quick and automatic phase focusing, which makes snapping a great photo easier than ever. With other modes, such as long exposure or panorama mode, we take mobile photography to a whole new level.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
4G Network, Dual SIM & Dual Standby. ARM Â® Cortex Â® -A53â¢ 1.5GHz x4 + ARM Â® Cortex Â® -A53â¢ 1.0GHz x4. Dual-band Wi-Fi (5 GHz / 2.4 GHz). IR proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor,. Videoï¼MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG. Audioï¼FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR. The actual size and weight of the phone may vary due to different specifications and assembly tolerance.. The above data were gathered in tests in a lab environment. To avoid phone damage or malfunctioning, please avoid using your phone under extreme conditions.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
GSM , UMTS , HSPA , LTE. 13, 2015 ; 2 years ago. Flyme OS, based on Android 5.1 Lollipop. ARM Mali-T860 MP2. 2 GB or 3 GB LPDDR3. 16 GB or 32 GB flash memory. microSD slot (up to 256 GB). 3020 mAh Li-Ion rechargeable battery , not replaceable. Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen , A-GPS , GLONASS , Accelerometer , Gyroscope , Proximity sensor , Digital compass , Ambient light sensor. 720x1280 px (296 ppi ). 13.0 MP , PDAF autofocus , ƒ/2.2 aperture , LED flash, 1080p30 recording. 5.0 MP , ƒ/2.0 aperture. mm TRS connector , Bluetooth 4.0 with BLE , Dual-band WiFi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n ). Dual SIM support with dual standby mode. Hardware and design [ edit ]. The Meizu M3S is a smartphone designed and produced by the Chinese manufacturer Meizu , which runs on Flyme OS, Meizu’s modified Android operating system. It is a current model of the M series. It was unveiled on June 13, 2016 in Beijing.. 2.2 Hardware and design. On May 25, 2016 it has been reported that a new Meizu device has been certified by the Chinese telecommunication authority TENAA, the Chinese equivalent to the American Federal Communications Commission. According to the certification information, the new device should feature a 5-inch display with a resolution of 720 by 1280 pixels .. In the beginning of June 2016, there were statements on Chinese social media that the upcoming device could be called Meizu M3S. Furthermore, a launch event for the new device on June 13, 2016, was announced. As announced, the M3S was released in Beijing on June 13, 2016.. Pre-orders for the M3S began after the launch event on June 13, 2016.. The Meizu M3S was released with an updated version of Flyme OS, a modified operating system based on Android Lollipop. It features an alternative, flat design and improved one-handed usability.. The Meizu M3S features a MediaTek MTK 6750 system-on-a-chip with an array of eight ARM Cortex-A53 CPU cores, an ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU and 2 GB or 3 GB of RAM. The M3S reaches a score of 38451 points the in AnTuTu benchmark. The M3S is available in four different colors (grey, silver, champagne gold and rose gold) and comes with either 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage or 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage.. The Meizu M3S has a full-metal body, which measures 141.9. It has a slate form factor , being rectangular with rounded corners and has only one central physical button at the front. Unlike most other Android smartphones, the M3S doesn’t have capacitive buttons nor on-screen buttons. The functionality of these keys is implemented using a technology called mBack, which makes use of gestures with the physical button. The M3S further extends this button by a fingerprint sensor called mTouch.. The M3S features a fully laminated 5-inch IPS multi-touch capacitive touchscreen display with a HD resolution of 720 by 1080 pixels. The pixel density of the display is 293 ppi.. In addition to the touchscreen input and the front key, the device has volume/zoom control buttons and the power/lock button on the right side, a 3.5mm TRS audio jack on the top and a microUSB (Micro-B type) port on the bottom for charging and connectivity.. The Meizu M3S has two cameras. The rear camera has a resolution of 13 MP , a ƒ/2.2 aperture, a 5-element lens, phase-detection autofocus and an LED flash. The front camera has a resolution of 5 MP , a ƒ/2.0 aperture and a 4-element lens.. ^ "Meizu M3S website". ^ "Meizu M3S page - Full phone specifications". ^ "Meizu Confirms M3 Metal Might Launch as Meizu M3S". ^ "Meizu M3S - Antutu". Categories : Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2016 Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Meizu. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 1 December 2016, at 17:03. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu m3s. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu m3s to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m3s to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5 360° Hybrid Armor Rugged Case Kickstand Cover. For Meizu M5C M5S M5 M3S Note Ultra Slim Soft Silicone Skin Matte Case TPU Cover. For Meizu A5 M5S M5 M6 Note Shockproof Hybrid Case Armor Rugged Kickstand Cover. 4 Corner Air Cushion Shockproof Transparent Soft TPU Case Cover For MeiZu phones. For MeiZu M3 / M3s / MX6 / MX5 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Cover Film. For Meizu M3S M5S M6 Note Luxury Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note/M5. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. ShockProof 360 Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note. Hybrid Shockproof Armor Case Stand Cover Skin For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. For Meizu M6 M5 M5S M5C M3S M2 Note Magnetic Leather Wallet Case Cover Stand. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Magnetic Card Slots Wallet Flip Leather Cover Case. Tempered Glass For Meizu M6 M5 M5S M3 M3S Note Full Cover Screen Protective Film. Luxury Slim Leather Flip Magnetic Stand Case Cover For Meizu M5S M3S M3 M6 Note. Silk Texture PU Leather Flip Cover Credit Card Wallet Stand Case For MEIZU. New Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film Protection Cover For Meizu M3S/M5C/M5S. Ultra-thin Original PU Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Meizu M2 M3/M3S Note MX5. 360°Shockproof Matte Slim Rubber Silicone Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S M5S Note. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Ultra Slim Soft Silicone Shockproof Case Cover Skin. Tempered Glass For Meizu M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M5CFull Cover Screen Protector Film. Luxury PU Leather Flip View Window Cover Case Stand For Meizu M3S M3 M5 Note. For Meizu M3S M5C M5 Note Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof PC Hard Back Case Cover. Front Tempered Glass Transparent Screen Protective Film for Meizu E2/MX6 X7H. Explosion Proof Film for Meizu E2 Screen Protector Transparent Anti-dust D5X. Ultra Thin Clear Soft Silicone Gel TPU Case Cover Skin For Xiaomi Meizu Phone. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. For Meizu M5C M5S M3S M5 Note Ultra Slim Silicone Soft TPU Matte Back Case Cover. For Meizu M6 M5 M3S Note Slim Leather Case Smart Flip View Window Stand Cover. For Meizu M3/M6 Note Ultra-thin Soft Silicone Rubber Phone back Case Cover Skin. Luxury Flip PU Leather View Window Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3S mini/M3 Note/M5S. Tempered Glass For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M3X M3E Full Cover Protector Film. Luxury Magnetic Slim Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover For Meizu M3S M5S M3 M5 Note. Fashion Bling Glitter Quicksand Liquid Soft Case Cover for Meizu Mobile Phone. For Meizu MX6&Pro6/7 M5/M3 Note Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover. For Meizu M3/M5 M6 Note 360° Shockproof Hybrid Armor Kickstand Rubber Cover Case. For Meizu M3s M5 Note IPaky Hybrid Case TPU Silicone Back Cover Skin PC Frame. For Meizu M1 / M2 / M3 Note/ M3s Premium Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film AR. iPaky Shockproof Hybrid PC Bumper TPU Case Cover For Meizu Pro 6 M3 M5 Note S001. Hot Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case Cover For Meizu Smartphone. For Meizu A5 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury Slim Window View Flip Leather Case Cover Skin. 2pcs For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M3X M3E 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Luxury Magnetic Leather Wallet Stand Slim Case Cover For Meizu M3S M3 M5 M6 Note. Ultra Thin Screen Protector Scratch-resist ant Tempered Glass For Meizu Series. 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu MX6 Pro 6 Max M5S M3S Phone Lot. For Meizu A5 M5S M3 M5 M6 Note Durable Magnetic Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover. Transparent 9H Temper Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu M1/M2/M3 Note/M3s TW. Luxury Leather Wallet Card Flip Case Cover Holder For Meizu M3S/M2/M3 Note/MX6. Luxury Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Cover For Meizu M5C/M5S/M5 M6 Note. For Meizu M5C M5S M3S M5 Note Leather Case Magnetic Card Slot Wallet Stand Cover. 2Pcs Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Cover For MeiZu M3 / M3s 5.0". 9H Full Cover Tempered Hardness Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M3 M5 M6 Note. 360° Protective Shockproof Transparent Soft TPU Back Case Cover Skin For MeiZu. For MeiZu M3 / M3s / MX6 9H Full Covered Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Luxury Shockproof Hybrid Armor Kickstand Case Cover For Meizu M3 M5 Note/MX6/MX5. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Back Case Cover For Meizu Meilan. For Meizu Pro 6 Plus M5/M6 Note M3S Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Case Cover. For Meizu M3 Mini Note Soft TPU Case Back Cover Shell Wild Animal Mobile Phone. For MeiZu M3 / M3s / MX6 9H Full Covered Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Meizu M3s M3 Mini Cover Silicone 3D Shockproof + Tempered Glass Curved 9H. **100% ALIVO BRAND ** √ FAST SHIPPING ON TIME √. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu m3s. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu m3s smartphone was launched in June 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. The Meizu m3s is powered by 1GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6750 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu m3s packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu m3s runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 3020mAh non removable battery. It measures 141.90 x 69.90 x 8.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 138.00 grams. The Meizu m3s is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Meizu m3s With 5-Inch Display, Fingerprint Scanner Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Release date June 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 141.90 x 69.90 x 8.30 Weight (g) 138.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3020 Removable battery No Colours Gold, Grey, Pink, Silver. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek MT6750 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 5.1 Skin Flyme 5.1. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu m3s. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu m3s With 5-Inch Display, Fingerprint Scanner Launched. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Meizu M3s Meizu M3s vs. Meizu Pro 6 Meizu M3s vs. Lenovo Vibe Shot Meizu M3s vs. Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo Meizu U20 vs. Meizu M3s Meizu M3s vs. Apple iPhone 5S Samsung Galaxy J2 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Meizu M3s vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact vs. Meizu Mx5 Meizu M3s vs. Meizu Mx5 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu M3s in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Meizu m3s review: Another option for the budget. Meizu m3s takes on the Xiaomi Redmi 3s given the pricing, but does it deliver? Here's our review.. Technology Tech Reviews Meizu m3s review: Another option for the budget. Rating: 3 out of 5. Meizu m3s review: The budget smartphone comes in two variants; one with 16GB storage+2GB RAM and another with 32GB storage and 3GB RAM. Meizu m3s has a good build quality for its price. The 5-inch screen manages a decent pixel density of roughly 294 ppi, adequate for viewing both movies and photos. However, the Meizu m3s manages to keep its performance at a satisfactory level.. Published: November 25, 2016 3:47 pm. Meizu M6s launched with 18:9 display, Samsung Exynos 7872. processor Meizu M6 Note India launch soon, company puts out teaser on. Twitter Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with secondary screen, dual cameras launched: Price, key. Chinese manufacturers continue their onslaught on the Indian mobile industry with Meizu releasing its latest budget smartphone, the Meizu m3s. Given the success Xiaomi ’s Redmi 3s has enjoyed in the Indian market, it isn’t a surprise that other manufacturers are gunning for a slice of this pie. After all the budget price segment drives volumes in India.. Meizu m3s would be easy to confuse with the Meizu m2, given the similar shape and price. However, the Chinese company has improved the insides of the m3s, while managing to keep the price point same. For starters, the m3s utilises Mediatek’s MT6750 (octacore, 1.5GHz Cortex A-53), while m2 had a quad-core Mediatek MT6735 processor. The camera also sees a bump in internals, along with the RAM and on-board storage.. Specs: 5-inch 720p display| octa-core Mediatek MT6750 processor | 2GB RAM | 16 GB ROM (expandable up to 256gB) | 13MP rear camera with PDAF | 5MP front camera | 3020 mAh battery | Runs FlyMe OS 5.1 (based on Android 5.1). Price: Rs 7,999 for 16GB version. While the resolution of the screen might not seem to be the best, the IPS panel does manage good colour and contrast reproduction. The 5-inch screen manages a decent pixel density of roughly 294 ppi, adequate for viewing both movies and photos. Games also look good on the Meizu m3s, attesting that a lower resolution display does not necessarily mean a bad display.. The all metal build of the Meizu m3s is another good thing going for the phone. Typically phones in the sub-10K bracket tend to cut corners on construction materials. However, Meizu m3s is all metal, which also explains the slight increase in weight in comparison to the m2. The phone utilises Asahi glass, instead of the usual Corning Gorilla glass as a means of shatter-proofing the display. While we didn’t get into a drop test, we did end accidentally knock it off the table a few times without breaking it.. Last but not the least, Meizu m3s manages to keep its performance at a satisfactory level. While it couldn’t handle Asphalt 8 when we had several apps running in the background, clearing the RAM did allow one to play the game, but not without issues. Subway Surfer runs without any issues as expected. We were able to squeeze out roughly a day and half worth of performance out of the 3020 mAh battery, and the only way we managed to do that was by closing all background apps ever-so-often.. FlyMe OS 5.1 is built on Android Lollipop and in the day and age where were are starting to see Nougat, this is just a sore letdown. The operating system also doesn’t have hardware or capacitive keys for navigation, forcing you to rely on just the home button by means of swipes and presses. This is probably the most annoying feature of the Meizu m3s; its attempt to be more like Apple ’s iOS. Apps once downloaded, get added to the homescreen on their own (again like iOS), eliminating the need for an app drawer.. The camera on the phone was another big letdown. Despite a 13-megapixel sensor and PDAF, the main camera still doesn’t produce images with a good balance of highlights and shadows. Close-up shots of flowers turned out just fine. However, people who like to shoot landscapes or wide shots in general will find the auto-exposure somewhat annoying to work with. The camera develops noise in low light and while noise reduction does tend to take care of some of it, the detail in the image is lost rather quickly.. Meizu m3s comes in two variants, 16GB storage paired with 2GB RAM and 32GB storage paired with 3GB of RAM. They cost Rs 7,999 and Rs 9,299 respectively. Sitting square in the domain of the Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime , the Meizu M3s is on somewhat weaker footing. For those looking for the best battery life, the Redmi 3s provides more and for those worried about OS upgrades, the m3s isn’t going to go beyond the Lollipop framework.. While Meizu does believe in providing the feature set through its OS, the mental block of not being able to upgrade to Nougat or even Marshmallow might deter some buyers. What Meizu m3s does have working in its favour is inventory as Redmi 3s Prime is currently out of stock on Flipkart. If it comes down to wanting a phone right away, the Meizu is the clear choice.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Meizu Pro 7 with secondary display to launch on July 26 in. Meizu Pro 7 with secondary e-ink display to launch on July 26 in China:. Feb 15, 2017 at 4:09 pm. Meizu M3s is now at a promotional price: 397207?wid=4andlkid=10369516. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online 4 This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them. Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Bhaichung Bhutia resigns from Trinamool Congress membership Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. R Ashwin to lead Kings XI Punjab in IPL. 2018 Sourav Ganguly ignored Ian Chappell, Sunil Gavaskar’s warnings before appointing Greg Chappell as India. coach J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free. him ONGC says KG-D5 output delay due to policy. changes Government has vision to turn Maharashtra into 1-trillion dollar economy, says Governor Vidyasagar. In your face haters: Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh quash split rumours with a show of hands, see. Om Namo Venkatesaya first look: Pragya Jaiswal wears 14 kg gold lehenga, see. Army launches full fledged bench of Armed Forces Tribunal in Jammu. Nikon D850 to go on sale on September 7: Here’s our first. impression What is the allure of the Blue Whale Challenge for. children? Xiaomi to open largest Mi Home store in Gurgaon, reveals big plans for offline. Swapnil Mathur Swapnil Mathur indulges his passion for writing and technology by para... Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
The next video is starting stop. Meizu M3S - 2017 : Test Français. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Petite vidéo rapide sur l'entrée de gamme de chez Meizu. Un smartphone sympa pour utilisateur lambda.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M3s vs Samsung Galaxy A5 2016 Speed Test. 💈Meizu M5 : Un smartphone pas cher à 169 € ! (test fr)💈. Unboxing Meizu M3s - Tambah Tjakep :D. Meizu M3 Note: a smartphone at incredible price. LEQUEL CHOISIR ? // Meizu Métal VS Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. A Double Unboxing! (Part1) Meizu M3S Hands-on First in English. Meizu M3s Review | Desire In Hand. Meizu m3s l 32 GB Variant l Quick Unboxing And Review l Techno Tube. Présentation du Meizu M3 Note par PhoneDroid. الهاتف الذي يناسب كل العرب Meizu M3s | شاهد ما أعجبني فيه !. TESTE MEIZU M3 NOTE en francais filme avec le lenovo vibe z2 pro en 1080p.. Meizu M3s Review Pros and Cons. Mon avis sur le Meizu M2 Note après 2 mois d'utilisation !. Meizu M3S Gaming Review (with Heating Test). Meizu Pro 6 - 2016 : Test Français.. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu M3 3gb Ram Meizu Note 3gb Ram 3gb Ram 4g Lte 4gb Ram 4g Smartphone. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. MEIZU M3S 3GB RAM 4G Smartphone. 32GB ROM 5.0 inch 2.5D Arc Screen Android 5.1 MTK6750 64bit Octa Core 5MP + 13MP Cameras. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus 4G Phablet Global Version. MEIZU M3S 3GB RAM 4G Smartphone. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. Main Features: MEIZU M3S Android 5.1 4G Smartphone with 5.0 inch 2.5D Arc Screen MTK6750 64bit Octa Core 3GB RAM 32GB ROM 13MP Rear Camera Compass Bluetooth 4.0 Display: 5.0 inch 2.5D Arc HD Screen CPU: MTK6750 64bit Octa Core System: Android 5.1 RAM + ROM: 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM. Camera: 5.0MP f2.0 front camera + 13.0MP f2.2 back camera Bluetooth: 4.0 GPS: GPS/A-GPS/GLONASS Sensors: Gravity sensor, Proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor, Electronic compass SIM Card: Nano SIM Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz. Language: Simplified/Traditional Chinese, Arabic, Bengli, Bulgarian, Burmese, Croatian, Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Icelandic, Italian, Khmer, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Romansh, Russian, Serbian, Sinhala, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Zulu. SIM Card Type: Nano SIM Card. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1280 x 720 (HD 720). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). I/O Interface: 3.5mm Audio Out Port,Micro USB Slot,TF/Micro SD Card Slot. Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor,E-Compass,Gravity Sensor,Gyroscope,Proximity Sensor. Product size: 14.20 x 7.00 x 0.80 cm / 5.59 x 2.76 x 0.31 inches. Package size: 16.10 x 8.90 x 4.90 cm / 6.34 x 3.5 x 1.93 inches. Download your favorite apps through the Google Play Store or Market installed. Note: This smart phone is designed only to work with the current Android/Windows OS installed in it. Any alterations such as upgrades or flashing a newer version will void the warranty. The stated ROM amount shows the maximum available ROM with nothing installed. However, the Android/Windows OS and pre-installed software from the manufacturer will occupy some of this ROM. The available ROM on the device will therefore be slightly less than the ROM listed.. FAQ for MEIZU M3S 3GB RAM 4G Smartphone. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Hat dieses Handy eine Benachrichtigungs-LED die blinkt bei Whatsapp nachrichten?. (Has this phone a notification light for whattsapp messages?). By Johannes Reder Apr-19/2017 02:04:13. Hello Johannes, Yes.You can set it in the settings.. Quanto devo pagare per spedizione in ITALIA?. By Antonio Feb-05/2017 03:02:53. You can see the Shipping cost and shipping time during the check out. Steps to follow: 1.Add your product to your cart 2. The shipping time will be displayed automatically.. Qual a rom instalada ? Já fiz a compra e recebi o produto.. By Dinho Santhiago Feb-02/2017 10:02:32. Thank you, Let me know if you need any help.. Is this phone not dual sim?. By Andre Jan-25/2017 05:01:16. Hello Andre, No, it is not Dual SIM, it is Single SIM that is Nano.. where is thia item shipped from? EU, china, HK?. By Gabriele Jan-14/2017 10:01:35. It is shipped it from China .. It is a original rom (Flyme) or custom rom. By Riccardo Jan-11/2017 04:01:55. Hello Riccardo, It is the original rom.. Pls kindly tell me is this celll have Polish language.. By Malgorzata Jan-05/2017 06:01:33. Language: Simplified/Traditional Chinese, Arabic, Bengli, Bulgarian, Burmese, Croatian, Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Icelandic, Italian, Khmer, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Romansh, Russian, Serbian, Sinhala, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Zulu.. Thank you, Let me know if you need any help.. Smartphone mezei M3s 3GB di ram e una imitazione oppure l'originale. By orazio Jan-04/2017 05:01:15. It is original, Please feel free to make your order.. Thank you, Let me know if you need any help.. Can I use italian language with this phone?. By Giacobbe Jan-03/2017 01:01:55. Hello Customer, Yes, it has Italian. Hello, can you confirm that this phone has the firmware "G"?. By Antonio Jan-02/2017 03:01:07. Hello Antonio, It is not firmware G. Prev 1 2 3 4 Next Go To : GO. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 40 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 65 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Pros: très bonne qualité, très satisfait, je recommande... Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Отличный экран, отличный дизайн, отличный звук! Cons: Кнопка спустя полгода перестала работать!. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Buon hardware Cons: Dopo un anno non funzionano più le gestures e il tasto per le impronte digitali. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: funciona muy bien en multi tarea Cons: problemas en la agenda de contactos. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: otimo processador, muito bonito o aparelho, não esqueta nada, otima bateria. so a camera poderia ser melhor mais como eu não sou muito exigente. está de otimo tamanho recomendo a todos do brasil podem comprar. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: 3 GB RAM - works very fast, low price Cons: Expected a better camera, but still works fine, takes pictures fast, but quality could be better.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Buon telefono con italiano e play store che si può installare dallo store Meizu leggero e buona qualità costruttiva Cons: Il sistema dei messaggi non funzionava risolto con una nuova installazione. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: At this price is one of the best Cons: Not translated ROM. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Metal build Front fingerprint Flyme OS Snappy Cons: Unofficial international firmware, but with a lot of languages and translations. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: leve rapido e eficaz Cons: nada a dizer. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 7 Next Go To : GO. Pros: 3 GB RAM - works very fast, low price Cons: Expected a better camera, but still works fine, takes pictures fast, but quality could be better.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Buon telefono con italiano e play store che si può installare dallo store Meizu leggero e buona qualità costruttiva Cons: Il sistema dei messaggi non funzionava risolto con una nuova installazione. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Muito bom aparelho compacto parece um iPhone rápido e as câmeras são otimas Cons: Não achar capinhas e a interface não é boa só launcher. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Su software esta bien diseñado! muy facil de manejar, muy intuitivo Cons: Sin soporte natural para Español. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: It\'s a very nice mobile phone, I really recommend it! It took about 3 weeks to arrive to Italy! Cons: The display is really delicate. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very nice smartphone for the price. It is well constructed and has a beautiful grey aluminum design. The fingerprint reader is very precise. After more than 4 months of daily use, no problems. Cons: The update is a bit tricky to do, due the fact of the modified rom.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Construção Designer Hardware Custo/Benefício Sensor biométrico frontal Cons: Bateria (1 dia no máximo) Aquecimento (ele esquenta um pouco na parte superior, mesmo com uso moderado). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Пришел заказ быстро , упаковка целая , телефон со всеми защитными наклейками. IMEI и прочие оригинальные коды присутствуют. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very nice phone i love this site thx Cons: not anithing. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Прошивка китайская с русским языком и плеймаркетом. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 Next Go To : GO. Пришел заказ быстро , упаковка целая , телефон со всеми защитными наклейками. IMEI и прочие оригинальные коды присутствуют. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Прошивка китайская с русским языком и плеймаркетом. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Nice smartphone, very well buit, great cameras and good performance! Cons: None. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: very luxurious aluminum design, not bad camera, fast fingerprint sensor Cons: small system bugs. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Buen diseño ligero sistema impecable Cons: ninguno. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: cool phone, high level for little money, as for me it\'s better to buy this than any other brand expensive phono, iPhone or something, really good, beautifully made phone, very light and with good screen Cons: no cons. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: For its price it\'s simply best buy! Very smooth, fast, beautiful design! Free shipping to Italy and no taxes!! Awesome!! Thanks Cons: Nothing. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
16 reviews / Write a review. × Customer Care Address. Banani Customer CareBashati Horizon, Suite-12A, House-21, Road-17, Block-C,Banani, Dhaka. Panthapath Customer CareShop No-39, Level-5, Panthapath, Dhaka. Mirpur 10 Customer CareShop No-7/8, Level-5, Mirpur-10, Dhaka. Abdullahpur Customer CareShop No-22, Level-6, Abdullahpur, Uttara, Dhaka. Metal body Smooth and delicate handfeel. Usually Delivered in 2-3 business days.. ARM® Cortex®-A53™ 1.5GHz x4 + ARM® Cortex®-A53™ 1.0GHz x4. IR proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor,. Video：MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG. Audio：FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR. Note: HTML is not translated!. Safe and Secure Shopping Every Time. Reaching crowded malls, endless traffic jams and long line. From mobiles phones too Accessories, you can buy just about anything online. And when we say online, we mean Buymobile.com.bd, one of Bangladesh best online shopping destinations.. Here At Buymobile.Com.Bd We Understand Smartphone, We Understand Our Customers And We Know What You Want. Our Young And Dynamic Team Of Tech-Enthusiasts Is Committed To Providing The Latest Handsets On The Best Price Plans So That Everyone Can Love Their Smartphones As Much As We Love Ours!. For 'Every Wish Fulfilled' to happen, we at Buymobile.com.bd understand that prices can put you off. And that is why we have round-the-clock discounts and amazing prices for you to enjoy. With options like Deals-of-the-Day(To get too your new handset at a price that’s right for you), But we know our stuff, Whether It’s Talking Operating System, Megapixels Or Battery, So We’re Always On Hand To Provide Expert Advice. What’s More, We’ve Kept Our service narrow enough to be able to provide a personal level of service, so you’ve never made to fell like ‘you’re just a number.. When It Comes To Online Transactions,Buymobile Ensures That All Credit/Debit Card And Net Banking Transactions Are Done Through Secure And Trusted Gateways. All Your Bank Details Are Safe And Secure.You Can Shop With Confidence, Safe In Knowledge, We’ve Passed The Stringent Tests In Online Security And Customer Care.. Buymobile Offers A Cash On Delivery Option If You Need An Easier Payment Method And Excellent After Sales Services Too. If You Have Any Issues With Your Purchase, The Easy Exchange And Replacement Policies Comes To Your Rescue.. Buymobile offer best and Reasonable mobile price In Bangladesh. The best and only one mobile specialized online shopping site Bangladesh , buymobile present to you lot of Smartphone’s, Smartphone’s accessories and Bar Phone. Lot of popular brands mobile available here with one year warranty. All the mobile phones are collecting from Bangladeshi brand authorize dealer. So you get here warranty and original mobile phone in Bangladesh.. Smartphone is one of the essential parts of our daily life. Buymobile just give the importance to your mobile importance value. Here has lot of Smartphone’s In Bangladesh, but all are not authorize. But buymobile give you original mobile in cheap and original price in Bangladesh. Smartphone Price in Bangladesh is not so high. Smartphone price in Bangladesh depends on mobile phone specification. You may observe here about Lava price in Bangladesh , Lenovo price in Bangladesh , Panco price in Bangladesh , Oppo price in Bangladesh , ZTE price in Bangladesh , TCL price in Bangladesh , Xiaomi price in Bangladesh , Alcatel price in Bangladesh , Huawei price in Bangladesh , HTC price in Bangladesh , Nokia price in Bangladesh , Asus price in Bangladesh , Sony price in Bangladesh , Coolpad price in Bangladesh , Walton price in Bangladesh , Micromax price in Bangladesh , DCl price in Bangladesh. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Leggi la recensione completa in italiano di Meizu M3s sul sito: http://www.androidworld.it/recensioni... Ci trovi su: http://www.androidworld.it * ISCRIVITI ANCHE AGLI ALTRI CANALI * SMARTWORLD: https://goo.gl/hVMkEp MOBILEWORLD: https://goo.gl/g6kyWi Vieni a trovarci sui social! Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/androidworld.it Twitter: http://twitter.com/androidworldit Google+: http://plus.google.com/+AndroidWorldit. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M3S la recensione | Il piccolo che non ti aspetti. Meizu M3 Note contro M3S | Si sfidano i fratelli!. Meizu M3s review 4K by Rith & Vongthear (Cambo Report). Meizu M3s Review | Desire In Hand. Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ anteprima e confronto con S8/S8+ da MWC 2018. Anteprima Land Rover Explore: lo smartphone MODULARE per gli amanti dell'avventura | MWC 2018. Meizu M3 Note: un altro ottimo Android | HDblog. Nokia 8 Sirocco, anteprima in italiano da MWC 2018. Xiaomi Mi Transformer Hasbro, unboxing in italiano. Anteprima CAT S61: lo smartphone più desiderato dai professionisti | MWC 2018. LG V30 con Oreo e ThinQ, prime novità dal MWC 2018. Meizu M3 note internazionale recensione flash. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Flash Sale Smartphone Umi Diamond 4g Doogee Mobiles Ip68 Cellphone. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Mobile Phones > Cell Phones > Meizu M3s. Transparent TPU Back Cover Protective Case for Meizu M3 Note. TOCHIC Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Meizu M3 Note. 0.3mm 9H Hardness / High Definition / Anti Fingerprint. Screen Protector Full Cover Tempered Glass for Meizu M3 Note. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Hand Draw A Tree Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Blue green dream flower Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Fantasy Flowers Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Color of Love Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. KaZiNe Crazy Horse Texture Surface Leather Wallet Case for MeiZu M3 NOTE. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Black Datura Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note White Lace Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Mini Color of Love Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Black Sunflower Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Color Bells Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. KaZiNe PU Leather Silicon Magnetic Dirt Resistant Phone Bags Cases for MeiZu M3 NOTE. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Half The Flower Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Rose Bell Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Pri Rotector 9H Film for Meizu M3 2PCS Transparent. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Mini Rose Bell Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Hand-Painted Dress Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Magnolia Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note The White Mandala Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Cartoon penguin Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Half of White Flowers Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Black Half Flower Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. MEIZU M3 Note 16GB 4G Phablet. Helio P10 Octa Core Android 5.1 5.5 inch FHD Scree.... Helio P10 Octa Core Android 5.1 5.5 inch FHD Scree.... Helio P10 Octa Core Android 5.1 5.5 inch FHD Scree.... MEIZU M3 Note 3GB RAM 4G Phablet. International Edition Helio P10 Octa Core Android .... Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note The Four Plum Flower Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Cover Case for Meizu M3 Note Up and Down The Plum Blossom Soft Clear IMD TPU Phone Casing Mobile Smartphone. Transparent TPU Soft Case for MEIZU M3. Twitch Cactus Desk Stand Holder Cell Phone Holder for Meizu M3 Note Pop Stand. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. The Meizu M3s was first made available for purchase in June 2016. It offers a 5” 720P IPS LCD display, which gives a pixel density of ~294 PPI. Under the hood we find a MediaTek MT6750 SoC, which utilises a 1.5 GHz octa-core CPU and a Mali-T860MP2 GPU. Two versions are available, one with 16 GB of storage and 2 GB of system RAM, the other with 32 GB of storage, and 3 GB of RAM, both models are fitted with a microSD card slot for further expansion. The primary camera is capable of capturing images at 13 MP, the secondary at 5 MP. The 138g package is powered by a non-removable 3020mAh battery. Here members are free to browse the threads available for the Meizu M3s, which may include topics such as ROM Development, custom recoveries and rooting guides.. 31st January 2018 11:14 AM. [Q][Unlock Bootloader]meizu m3s(mt6755)how to unblock bootloader?. 31st January 2018 11:07 AM. 17th January 2018 01:22 PM. [Guide] Meizu M3 & M3s Unbrick. 9th January 2018 10:29 AM. Pokemon go still not working ?. 30th December 2017 12:43 PM. 3rd October 2017 09:53 PM. 18th July 2017 03:42 AM. 21st April 2017 05:29 PM. Meizu m3s officially announce today with Fingerprint ID. 3rd April 2017 05:20 PM. help me! after i format my meizu m3s using SPFT, it never turn on again!. 16th March 2017 10:38 AM. Meizu m3 mini Pokemon Go doesn't work - authentification failed. 9th February 2017 05:03 PM. 4th February 2017 05:16 PM. 11th December 2016 08:44 AM. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 6 £ 74 € 84 $ 103 R$ 334 zł 349 руб 5,815 ₹ 6,670 Not available. 8 £ 114 € 130 £ 132 £ 140 £ 141 € 150 € 159 € 160 $ 160 $ 184 $ 196 $ 197 R$ 519 zł 542 R$ 598 zł 625 R$ 634 R$ 638 zł 663 zł 667 руб 9,034 ₹ 10,361 руб 10,417 руб 11,042 руб 11,108 ₹ 11,948 ₹ 12,665 ₹ 12,740 Not available. Finding the best price for the Meizu M3s 2GB 16GB is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Meizu M3s 2GB 16GB at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. June 2016, 1 year ago. 69.9 mm x 141.9 mm x 8.3 mm. 720 x 1280 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 40 cm away. Is it a drop-resistant and scratch-resistant smartphone?. Do you think it's a nice phone?. Can you see it well in the sunlight?. View all opinions about the Meizu m3s:. - More smartphones with MediaTek MT6750 processor. 4x1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 + 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. - More smartphones with 2GB RAM memory. 38.451 (Antutu v6) Overall performance better than 62% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 9-15 GB). - More smartphones with 16GB of internal storage. 2909 Songs , 6400 Photos and 228 Videos. Slot for SD or second SIM card. Does it work smoothly in everyday use?. What's your experience been with demanding games?. View all opinions about the Meizu m3s:. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Does it have a powerful flash?. View all opinions about the Meizu m3s:. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). Does it have good coverage for calls?. View all opinions about the Meizu m3s:. How long does the battery last?. View all opinions about the Meizu m3s:. - More smartphones with FlyMe 5.1 (Android 5.1 Lollipop) operating system. Did it come with preinstalled applications?. View all opinions about the Meizu m3s:. It comes with a clean operating system. It has preinstalled apps but they don't bother me. It has preinstalled apps that I can't uninstall. Meizu M6 Note 3GB 32GB M721Q CN. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Pro 3GB 32GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 N9208 Dual SIM. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu m3s case. All Listings - Current page. results for meizu m3s case. Save meizu m3s case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m3s case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5 360° Hybrid Armor Rugged Case Kickstand Cover. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Magnetic Card Slots Wallet Flip Leather Cover Case. Luxury Floral Blink Color Leather Card Case Cover For Meizu M2 M3S M5 M5S Note. Nillkin Luxury Matte Shield Anti-slip Case Cover For Meizu M3S/Meilan 3S. For Meizu A5 M5S M5 M6 Note Shockproof Hybrid Case Armor Rugged Kickstand Cover. For Meizu M5C M5S M5 M3S Note Ultra Slim Soft Silicone Skin Matte Case TPU Cover. For Meizu M3S M5S M6 Note Luxury Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. ShockProof 360 Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note. Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note/M5. Hybrid Shockproof Armor Case Stand Cover Skin For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5. Ultra-thin Original PU Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Meizu M2 M3/M3S Note MX5. 360°Shockproof Matte Slim Rubber Silicone Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S M5S Note. For Meizu M6 M5 M5S M5C M3S M2 Note Magnetic Leather Wallet Case Cover Stand. For Meizu M3 M3S Mini Tough Armor Silicone Hybrid Cover Case Glass Film Rubber. NILLKIN Sparkle Flip Matte PU Leather Phone Shockproof Case Cover For Meizu M3S. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Ultra Slim Soft Silicone Shockproof Case Cover Skin. Ultra Thin Clear Soft Silicone Gel TPU Case Cover Skin For Xiaomi Meizu Phone. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case For Meizu M2 M3 NOTE M3S MX6. For Meizu M5C M5S M3S M5 Note Ultra Slim Silicone Soft TPU Matte Back Case Cover. Fashion Bling Glitter Quicksand Liquid Soft Case Cover for Meizu Mobile Phone. For Meizu M3/M6 Note Ultra-thin Soft Silicone Rubber Phone back Case Cover Skin. For Meizu M3S Meilan 3S 3 5.0" Soft Case Cover Tempered Glass Film 3D Relief Toy. Cover Silicone + Tempered Glass Curved Meizu M3s M3 S Mini Tpu 3D Gel. Luxury Magnetic Slim Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover For Meizu M3S M5S M3 M5 Note. Luxury Magnetic Leather Wallet Stand Slim Case Cover For Meizu M3S M3 M5 M6 Note. For Meizu A5 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury Slim Window View Flip Leather Case Cover Skin. For Meizu MX6&Pro6/7 M5/M3 Note Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover. For Meizu M3s M5 Note IPaky Hybrid Case TPU Silicone Back Cover Skin PC Frame. For Meizu M6 M5 M3S Note Slim Leather Case Smart Flip View Window Stand Cover. Luxury Shockproof Hybrid Armor Kickstand Case Cover For Meizu M3 M5 Note/MX6/MX5. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Back Case Cover For Meizu Meilan. For Meizu M3/M5 M6 Note 360° Shockproof Hybrid Armor Kickstand Rubber Cover Case. 360° Protective Shockproof Transparent Soft TPU Back Case Cover Skin For MeiZu. Luxury PU Leather Flip View Window Cover Case Stand For Meizu M3S M3 M5 Note. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Stars Marble. New Slim Clear Soft Silicone TPU Rubber Gel Back Case Cover For Xiaomi. iPaky Shockproof Hybrid PC Bumper TPU Case Cover For Meizu Pro 6 M3 M5 Note S001. For Meizu MX 2 3 4 5 Pro 2X Glass Film 3D Lovely Silicone Case Cover Dog Zebra. For Meizu M3S M5C M5 Note Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof PC Hard Back Case Cover. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skins Marble. For MEIZU 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Back Case Cover Skin. Handmade Cute Bling Glitter Crystal Flowers Diamond Case Cover+Lanyard For Meizu. Case For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skin Shiba. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Luxury Slim Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Cover. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Butterfly Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Covers. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skin Car Tank. Clear Thin Gradient Cover Case For Meizu M2 M3 M3S Mini Note MX5 MX6 Pro6 U20. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Luxury Slim Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Cover. Case For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skin Flowering. For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note Case Butterfly Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Covers. Phone Case Bling Diamond 3D Rhinestone Luxury Glitter tassel Design Cover Skin M. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Moschino. For Meizu Pro 6 Plus M5/M6 Note M3S Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Case Cover. Luxury Slim Leather Flip Magnetic Stand Case Cover For Meizu M5S M3S M3 M6 Note. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover One Piece. Luxury Slim Leather Stand Wallet Magnetic Cases Covers For Meizu M5S M3S M3 Note. Cover Silicone + Tempered Glass Full Meizu M3s M3 Case Noziroh Design Shockproof. For Meizu M3 M3S Mini Tempered Screen Film Tough Hybrid Armor Cover Case Holder. **100% ALIVO BRAND ** √ FAST SHIPPING ON TIME √. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Meizu M3s on Facebook. See more of Meizu M3s on Facebook. Typically replies within a few hours. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. Meizu M3s updated their cover photo.. · 2 January 2017 ·. · 17 December 2016 ·. Subscribe to my channel Youtube (KANALIMIZA ABONE OLUNUZ). Teknoloji Bağımlısı Kanal Facebook Grubumuz; https://www.facebook.com/groups/1444528245810829/ Facebook Sayfamız; https://www.facebook.com/TBStbg/. · 13 June 2016 ·. Features Reservation playing Blue Charm Discover 3s metal body thin, flexible feel MT6750 ... High-performance 8-core processor 16 / 32GB Great CAPACITY, expansion of internal support New Full Netcom Free for 4G, dual card dual standby 2.5D cam The Full HD screen adaptation mtouch2.1 Comfortable safe a payment Inc. Learn 16GB ¥ 899 ¥ 699,32GB renkaltıngrigümüşpemb to Basic knowledge height 141.9mm width 69.9mm Thickness of 8.3 mm weight 138g 3020mah battery (TYP) Capacity 16GB / 32GB screen 5.0 inch size Resolution 1280 x 720 Contrast 1000: 1 PPI 296 Brightness 380cd / m² (Typical) Production process' GFF program (full bonding) Processor Memory Inc. MTK MT6750 processor X4 1.5GHz ARM Cortex ™ -A53 + ® ® ® ® ARM Cortex ™ -A53 1.0GHz X4 ARM Mali T860 graphics processor 2GB / 3GB LPDDR3 memory camera rear camera 13 MP ƒ / 2.2 aperture 5 Lens Burst Mode Panorama mode Focus PDAF phase Flash color temperature front camera 500 million pixels ƒ / 2.0 aperture 4 Lens FOTONATION 2.0 smart beauty Advanced Face to Face Exposure Operators standards Inc. Full Netcom (public version telecommunications Edition) TD-LTE 4G Mobile, China Unicom / Telecom 4G TD / FDD-LTE, Mobile 3G TD-SCDMA, China Unicom 3G WCDMA, EVDO 3G Telecom, Mobile / Unicom 2G GSM, 2G CDMA telecom Mobile Public / Private Version TD-LTE 4G Mobile, Unicom 4G TD / FDD-LTE, Mobile 3G TD-SCDMA, China Unicom 3G WCDMA, Mobile / Unicom 2G GSM All models 802.11 a / b / g / n Wireless LAN Support 2.4GHz 5GHz TAPE Inc. Bluetooth 4.0 Support BLA sensor Gravity sensor Kizilotesi proximity sensor, digital gyroscope, ambient light sensor, Electronic compass Navigation positioning Inc. GPS A-GPS GLONASS Electronic compass multimedia Support MP4,3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG video format Support FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR audio Support JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP image format. Meizu M3s updated their cover photo.. · 13 June 2016 ·. Meizu M3s updated their profile picture.. · 13 June 2016 ·. 
Meizu m3s Price in the Philippines and Specification. The MEIZU m3s has a 5-inch display, an octa-core CPU, a 3020mAh battery and a 13-megapixel shooter.. 5.0 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Model :16GB 2GB Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Model :16GB 2GB Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Model :16GB 2GB Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Meizu m3s Price in the Philippines Starts from P6,590. The lowest price of Meizu m3s is P6,590 at Lazada, which is 22% less than the cost of m3s at argomall (P8,490).. This smartphone is available in 16GB, 32GB storage variants.. The latest price of Meizu m3s was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:09.. Meizu M3S Preview - Nothing Wired. Nano SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 141.9 x 69.9 x 8.3 mm. , (5.59 x 2.75 x 0.33 in). Meizu m3s - making Style and Quality Matter. After all, quality is what matters the most. Standing true to this notion is the new Meizu m3s. Built with a fantastic design and superior build quality, this smartphone integrates equally good hardware specs.. Getting a high-end flagship smartphone is a great idea as they incorporate features and specs that are off the charts. But then comes the hiccup which is their price. With this scenario, we are left with one ultimate question, and that is why do tech giants charge so much?. Well, the answer to this question lies in many factors like R&D, branding, market value, etc. Fortunately, companies like Meizu exist for this sole reason that everybody should be able to access the best of modern technology. The new m3s is an incredible offering from the company as this model incorporates all the wow factors of a high-end smartphone.. But despite all of these, its pricing has been kept low (which is a great relief). The fact that Meizu can drop the price of their high-end devices is fascinating and probably the biggest success factor for the company itself.. Getting to the specifications of this device, this Meizu m3s is surely going to allure you with its striking appearance with its elegant look. Its body has been constructed out of metal and has a smooth finishing as 360˚ sandblasting has been done. This m3s comes in 4 vibrant color that emphasizes on the beauty of its overall design. These 4 colors are Rose Gold, Gold, Gray and Silver.. This new m3s offers an excellent viewing experience with its 5.0 inch IPS HD display that comprises of 720 x 1280 pixels resolution and 294 ppi pixel density. Adding sophistication to this display is a 2.5D glass that also maintains a superior grip.. Finally, the heart of any tech gadget is the processor which governs the entire device. To ensure a promising performance, the makers have featured a MediaTek MT6750 SoC that houses 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 processor in an octa-core configuration. Supporting high-end graphics processing is a Mali-T860MP2 GPU. This model comes in 2 options for RAM and storage which has been put out as 2 GB RAM/ 16 GB storage and 3 GB RAM/ 32 GB storage.. Apart from being promising on multimedia and entertainment, this Meizu m3s also features a great camera. A 13 MP shooter has been featured in the rear which has a whopping f/2.2 aperture. Shooting beautiful photos in low light condition is a not an issue with this phone as a dual-LED (dual tone) flash is used. This ingenious LED flash adjusts a perfect background regardless of the scenery. Up front, there's a 5 MP camera with a f/2.0 aperture dedicated to giving stunning selfies.. Ltd is a consumer electronics company that is headquartered in Guangdong, China. Jack Wong initially founded Meizu in 2003 as a company for manufacturing MP3 and MP4 players (which were very famous during this period).. The company, later on, moved to smartphone industry and now comes under the listing of top 10 smartphone manufacturing companies in China. The number of employees of Meizu is 3,000 as of 2015 survey.. A non-removable 3020 mAh battery has been used which makes sure that users do get enough of everything. A fingerprint sensor has been featured which provides complete security along with enhanced accuracy of sensing.. Meizu has made a certain repute for itself in the Philippines with their affordable high-end smartphones. Although ruling the share in tech market of the Philippines might not be possible for Meizu, the company has kept a consistency of a fair share.. Will you be the first reviewer of this product? Please share your experience.. Meizu m3s good morning po sa inyong lahat. Nais ko lang po sanang etanong, ano po ba kadalasan rason ng paghahang ng ganitong unit? Salamat.. Last updated : Nov 28, 2016. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Hi patulong po sana akao sa inyo, Mangyari po kasi ang aking Meizu m3s ay madali lang po mag-init...and afraid po ako kasi common ngayon yung pumuputok yung unit. Last updated : Oct 26, 2016. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Magandaanga umaga sa lahat!! Pag po ba sinasabing Mediatek yung kanyang CPU, ano po ba ibig sabihin? Ano po yung advantage niya sa ibang Mobile phone ngayun? Tahank You sa inyong Sagot.. Last updated : Sep 22, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. I dont really have any idea on how much this cellular phone price is. can anybody here in this site help us? Thank you so much for your help.. Last updated : Aug 17, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. kelan po kaya magiging availabale to dito sa phil?. Last updated : Oct 4, 2016. Posted by Jocel Ann Corachea Araja. Replies of This topic : 3 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. 5.2 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB, ... 5 inches, HD 720 x 1280 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.2 inches, 1280 x 720 (HD). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 5.2 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3.... Most viewed ranking for Meizu Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Meizu M3/M3S Colorful Tempered Glass Screen Full Protection. Matte Scratch-Resistant Protective Film Protective Screen Protector For Meizu M3S. Super Clear Anti-fingerprint Protective Screen Protector For Meizu M3S. Amazing H+PRO Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M3S. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
Meizu Pro 6 Plus Stock Rom. Meizu M5 / Blue Charm 5 Stock Rom. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J7108. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710K. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710FQ. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710F/DS. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. Custom Roms Collection for OnePlus One (Balcon/A0001). Android Nougat 7.0 For Jiayu S3 Plus. CyanogenMOD 13 Android 6.0 Marshmallow For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] Samsung TouchWiz UI For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] CoLor OS For LG Spirit H422. [Unofficial] Cyanogen MOD 12.1 For LG Spirit (LG-H422). [Custom Rom] MIUI 8 6.6.30 For Lenovo A6000. [ ROM ][ CUSTOM ] LEWA OS V5.1Stable…. Custom Rom – MIUI v7 Global Stable For…. Custom Rom – Galaxy S6 Touchwiz UI For…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. HTC One Android Smart Phone USB Driver For…. Download Universal ADB Driver For Window. Driver, Tools & Source Code Asus Zenfone 5…. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Install TWRP & Root Lenovo A2010-a. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro (FDR-A01w) Stock…. [Guides] How To Bypass / Unlock Samsung Google…. How to Create / Port TWRP/CWM On New…. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android…. 10 Best Audio Editing Apps For Android Smartphone…. Nougat has climbed up to modest 15.8 percent. ZTE Axon Multy a Dual Screen, 6.8″ Foldable…. A list of Smartphones and tablets that will…. Samsung Galaxy S8 comes as an antidote. How to Remove Malware Virus On Android Without…. Samsung Galaxy C7 Come With 4GB RAM, 32/64GB…. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android.... 10 Best Audio Editing Apps For Android Smartphone.... Nougat has climbed up to modest 15.8 percent. ZTE Axon Multy a Dual Screen, 6.8″ Foldable.... A list of Smartphones and tablets that will.... Samsung Galaxy S8 comes as an antidote. How to Remove Malware Virus On Android Without.... Samsung Galaxy C7 Come With 4GB RAM, 32/64GB.... Meizu Pro 6 Plus Stock Rom. Meizu M5 / Blue Charm 5 Stock Rom. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J7108. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710K. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710FQ. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710F/DS. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. How to Unbrick / Repair Samsung Galaxy A3…. Custom Roms Collection for OnePlus One (Balcon/A0001). Android Nougat 7.0 For Jiayu S3 Plus. CyanogenMOD 13 Android 6.0 Marshmallow For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] Samsung TouchWiz UI For LG Spirit…. [Custom Rom] CoLor OS For LG Spirit H422. [Unofficial] Cyanogen MOD 12.1 For LG Spirit (LG-H422). [Custom Rom] MIUI 8 6.6.30 For Lenovo A6000. [ ROM ][ CUSTOM ] LEWA OS V5.1Stable…. Custom Rom – MIUI v7 Global Stable For…. Custom Rom – Galaxy S6 Touchwiz UI For…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. TWRP 3.1.1-0 for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910C…. TWRP For Huawei Gr5 2017 & Huawei Mate…. TWRP For Huawei Honor 6X BLN/BERLIN Models. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 8.0 Oreo ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat ARM Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat x86 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.0 Nougat Arm64 Flashable.zip. HTC One Android Smart Phone USB Driver For…. Download Universal ADB Driver For Window. Driver, Tools & Source Code Asus Zenfone 5…. [Tutorial] Flashing Android Custom Recovery Using ADB Fastboot…. [Tutorial] 2 Way to do root android devices. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Installing CWM / TWRP & Rooting…. How To Install TWRP & Root Lenovo A2010-a. TWRP 3.0 + ROOT Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0…. [Official][ROM] Gapps For Android 7.1 Nougat x86_64 Flashable.zip. [Official][ROM] Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro (FDR-A01w) Stock…. [Guides] How To Bypass / Unlock Samsung Google…. How to Create / Port TWRP/CWM On New…. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android…. 10 Best Audio Editing Apps For Android Smartphone…. Nougat has climbed up to modest 15.8 percent. ZTE Axon Multy a Dual Screen, 6.8″ Foldable…. A list of Smartphones and tablets that will…. Samsung Galaxy S8 comes as an antidote. How to Remove Malware Virus On Android Without…. Samsung Galaxy C7 Come With 4GB RAM, 32/64GB…. Stock rom Meizu Meizu M3S Firmware. Also known as Charm Blue 3s. if you need try using update Meizu M3S firmware using FlashFire -> Read here. How to unbricking Meizu M3S ? Read Here. Do not forget that sometimes recommended a full reset (format) , so as not to bring the tails of the previous firmware. Download the correct firmware (all links are in the header of the theme of your phone). Please Note that even though this statement is essentially universal, but it is subject to Meizu M3S and when you go out of your order on your device, then keep in mind that the files must be taken from their phone model and not on the Meizu M3S. The same is true if you do not understand something and you ask questions about the topic. Do not forget to return to the theme of your phone. Strictly abide by the name of “update” and extension “.zip”, If the name is not correct in recovery see the words “Firmware not found”. Do not forget to check the integrity of the file. Note that even MD5 checking the firmware file there is a theoretical possibility that when you copy a file to the phone will not be copied completely.It is better to once again verify the MD5 on the phone (unfortunately does not work in the 3rd version of the installation because the file is temporary and will be deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri, but on the computer after copying to the folder G:\Recovery , we can still check MD5). MD5 can synchronize the phone also using various applications. I have been using Solid Explorer File Manager. Starting updates /Downgrade/Repair firmware Meizu M3S. This is the official firmware or stock rom to update Meizu M3S phone. You can also solve problems like hardbrick, bootloop, remove virus, unroot, hard reset/rollback/Downgrade firmware Meizu M3S phone. You need to know that some firmware may need to unlock the bootloader before it can be installed firmware. And if your device does not have any changes after flashing, please check the hardware part such as MMC, or if have access problom to Google apps you can flash this gapps.zip. 1) Please do not upgrade Meizu M3S with non-official firmware. 2) Upgrading international version phone with the mainland China Simple Chinese version firmware may lead to compatibility issues. 3) Before upgrading, check that the battery has at least 20% capacity. 4) Selecting “Clear data” will delete all personal data ( such as Notes, Email, and Contacts); whereas the internal storage for Music and Camera photos …etc. 5) Already opened system permission (ROOT), the user must select “Clear Data” to clear phone data for firmware upgrade, Otherwise, it may cause abnormal system or application error ;. 6) After upgrading the firmware, if system reboot or application force close, please try to reset your phone or re-upgrading (Settings-> phone->Storage->Factory reset to reset the phone). Place the root of the internal memory “update.zip” file. Sign in to Windows Explorer / File Manager / documents (depending on the friendly slang). Press / tapnut / click (depending on the friendly slang) to update.zip.. Choose whether or not the “Clear data” “clear data” (wipe / wipe / formatting system cache and data). The data files with photos, video, music, games, documents, and so on. “update.zip” firmware file must be located in the root of the internal memory.. 3.Hold the “power + volume up” button to enter the “recovery”. Choose whether or not “clear data” “clear data” and click “Next”, “the next”. Press the “power + volume up” to enter the “recovery” (hold the button just before the inscription meizu, then release both buttons, or well enough to let go of “power” button). Connect your Meizu M3S to a computer, causing the folder appears the G: \ “recovery”. In this folder copy the firmware file in the format “update.zip”. After copying the file, without fail disconnect your Meizu M3S from the computer. Choose whether or not to clear data “clear data” and click Next “next”. Note: keep in mind the temporary file and deleted as soon as we come out of rekaveri.. Downgrade (to return later to an earlier version of the firmware) is possible by any embodiment of the above. The main thing is that the process of transition to a newer firmware (for example, 4.5.2) to older (for example, 4.2.8.2) accompanied by data cleaning. In any case, I recommend the third option. And there is a solution for you. There are certainly exceptions for rollback. The logic is not revealed until the end, but overall will zoom through the very first firmware. in fact roll back is possible through preset at the factory firmware. For example, a plant stood firmware 4.0.3, the rollback will be done through it. The difficulty lies in the fact that sellers are often the factory firmware is reset, and then have to choose the firmware manually.. Android Phone Firmware Meizu Phone Firmware. Only an unemployed who likes to tamper with android phones. How to unbrick / update firmware Any Android devices Base on Mediatek chips using SP-Flashtool. Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge SM-J327P Stock Rom. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J7108. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710K. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710FQ. Repair Firmware Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 SM-J710F/DS. Kingroot APK | Best Applications For Root Android Phone Without PC. Tool For Unpack Repack tar.md5 Samsung Firmware With Easy. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here:. Designed and Developed by Ucup budug. 
Issues & Fixes Stock Wallpapers Rooting Guide Unroot/Unbrick Best Apps. CM14.1 CM14 CM13 CyanogenMod 12.1. Stock Roms Installing Rom. Oreo GApps Nougat Gapps Nougat 7.1/7.1.2 Lineage Os 14/14.1 CM 14/14.1 Marshmallow Gapps CM 13/13.1 Lollipop Gapps. Join RMG Guest Post Contact Us Privacy Policy. Deals • Reviews. MEIZU M3S Hands On REVIEW and Our Thoughts. MEIZU M3S HandsOn REVIEW and Our Thoughts. Chinese consumer electronics company come up with new flagship in the Meizu M series. It is an another variant of M3 Note features 5.5 Inch screen smartphone which was released in May 2016. M3S is the smaller screen variant. M3S features the 5-inch display, 2.5D arc glass; the phone is processed by MediTek MT6750 64 bit octa-core processor. This flagship has two variants, one with a 2GB of RAM, 16GB ROM and one with 3GB of RAM, 32GB ROM. The 2GB RAM version is available at Gearbest.com for $136.73 with free shipping.. MEIZU M3S is a great build with metal unibody from Chinese. The matte finish with rounded edges and lightweight (138g) makes you feel comfortable. The M3s features mTouch 2.1 fingerprint scanner which is integrated with the home button below the screen which makes quickly accessible and provides you the most convenient way of securing your phone through fingerprint technology. This phone includes two speakers on the lower side of the phone which are integrated either side microUSB slot.. The 5-inch full laminated high-definition display. makes you incredibly difficult to take your eyes off from the screen. The 2.5D arc glass on the M3s brings you the visual joy and great handy look.. M3s is powered by high-performance MediaTek MT6750 65 bit octa-core processor along with 2GB RAM. This phone is good enough to provide fast processing without any lag; you can play high-end graphic games. with the help of ARM Mali T860 graphics processor. The multitasking becomes easy and speed with 1.5 GHz operating speed of the processor. It has a hybrid sim slot (Dual Sim + MicroSD), it supports all LTE 4G networks. The phone comes with 16GB internal storage and can be expandable up to. The 30,20mAh battery can persist a full day.. M3s comes with Android lollipop (5.1) version out of the box with customized user-friendly. Swiping upwards on the home screen will open the universal search tab, where you can search for apps, contacts, web search. The Meizu M3s is integrated with the 13-megapixel primary rear camera and 5-megapixel front facing selfie camera. The 13-megapixel rear camera even works better in outdoor. This camera supports quick and auto phase focusing, which makes capturing photo easier then ever. The camera also has other modes like panorama mode or. long exposure, which makes you feel like pro photographer.. It is a good android smartphone for $136.It has a good camera and battery life while the OS is old (Android lollipop).It has a good UI but not great.But for the price you are getting a phone which has an Octa core CPU coupled with 2GB of RAM.So if you are buying your first phone or buying for gift then this is a decent option.. How to Install HydrogenOs Android Nougat 7.0 On OnePlus 3 and 3T (H2OS). Asus ZenFone 3 Max receives VoLTE support (Software 13.1.1.33). Infinix Zero 5 Pro Review and Best Deal (Heavy... Deals • Reviews. [Review] Xiaomi Light Weight Sneakers with Intelligent... Buy This 20000mAh Power Bank For $15 Only. ACEPEC T8 Mini PC Short Review and Best Deal (Intel... Deals • Reviews. FuriBee Q6 WiFi 4K Ultra HD Action Sport Camera Review... [Best Coupon Deal] Now Get 50$ off On Bluboo S1.... I am a Tech Content writer and full-time blogger. Started my career as Engineer in Larsen and Toubro LTD. with 3 years of experience in Hyderabad Metro Rail Project. I have been doing blogging since 2015, started with zero experience and now I am the well-recognized blogger. I like learning new things and believe that there can never be an end to learning. You can shoot an e-mail at [email. Best Rom List • How To. Best Moto E4 Plus Custom ROMs (fast and good battery.... Best Rom List • How To. Best Huawei P10 Custom ROMs (fast and good battery.... Best Rom List • How To. List Of Best Custom ROMs For Google Pixel 2/Pixel 2.... Best Rom List • CyanogenMod • News. CyanogenMod 15 Update Device list and Release Date. Full List Of Best Custom ROMs For Moto Z | Android.... Infinix Zero 5 Pro Review and Best Deal (Heavy.... Deals • Reviews. [Review] Xiaomi Light Weight Sneakers with.... Buy This 20000mAh Power Bank For $15 Only. ACEPEC T8 Mini PC Short Review and Best Deal (Intel.... Deals • Reviews. FuriBee Q6 WiFi 4K Ultra HD Action Sport Camera.... [Best Coupon Deal] Now Get 50$ off On Bluboo S1.... Deals • Reviews. Huami Amazfit 2, the best smartwatch of Xiaomi level. Top 5 Best Chinese Smartphones Under 100$ For.... Copyright © 2016.All Rights Reserved by RMG Media Group .Made with ❤️ in India. LineageOS 15 (Oreo) Is now available for many devices Download Now. 
Looks like your cart is empty. Get quick access to guides, parts, and answers for your devices. Custom FlyMe Android OS smartphone by Meizu.. This page hasn't yet been categorized. Our admins will be around to organize this content soon!. This wiki page is a stub. Help iFixit by adding information to it!. These are some common tools used to work on this device. You might not need every tool for every procedure.. Past 24 Hours: 0. Past 7 Days: 22. Past 30 Days: 152. 2018 iFixit – Licensed under Creative Commons – Privacy Policy. It's time to speak out for your right to repair. We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic. equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment. chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair shops that. keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers.. Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible. Stand up for your right to repair!. 
Conbrov T11 Spy Night Vision Camera review. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Vs Moto G5S Plus: The budget…. Moto Z2 Force vs OnePlus 5T: Battle of the flagship killers. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Review: The goods and the bads. Meizu M3s Review: The Budget Powerhouse. Home Reviews. Screen Resolution HD 720 x 1280 pixels. Processor Octa Core 1.5 GHz. Inbuilt Storage 16 / 32 GB. Primary Camera 13 MP with f/2.2 aperture, PDAF, dual-LED flash. Video recording 1080 @ 30 FPS. Secondary Camera 5 MP with f/2.0 aperture. SIM card type Dual SIM, hybrid slot. Price 2 GB - Rs. Meizu m3s FAQ, Pros & Cons, User Queries and Answers. Meizu m3s Vs Xiaomi Redmi 3s Quick Comparison Overview. Meizu launched their budget smartphone back in October which competes against the highly acclaimed Xiaomi Redmi 3S and Redmi 3S Prime. The Meizu M3s runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop-based Flyme OS 5.1. The handset boasts a premium metal construction along with a 2.5D full laminated HD IPS LCD panel.. The device comes in two variants on the basis of storage and RAM. The base model costs Rs. 7,999 and sports 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of onboard storage. The 3 GB / 32 GB top-end version has a price tag of Rs. Today let’s take the Meizu M3s out for a spin and see how it fares against its competitors. First, have a look at the complete set of specifications of the phone.. Externally, the Meizu M3s looks surprisingly premium. Its beautiful metal body is surely a class apart. Measuring 8.3 mm in thickness, the smartphone is fairly thin and quite handy too. Single hand usage will never be an issue. The 2.5D curved display is an absolute stunner and ramps up the premiumness of the mobile.. In the front, at the top of the device, lies the earpiece, sensors, and the selfie shooter.. Below the display, there is a single home button with an inbuilt fingerprint scanner. The same button acts as the back key too. An upward swipe from the bottom of the screen gives access to the multitasking functionality.. Right at the bottom of the device, lies the speaker grill, primary microphone, and the microUSB port.. The 3.5 mm headphone jack sits at the top.. The power button along with the volume controls resides at the right edge.. The hybrid dual SIM slot is at the left.. Coming to the performance, the octa-core MediaTek MT6750 does a fantastic job. With eight ARM Cortex A53 cores clocked at up to 1.5 GHz each, it has more processing power than the Snapdragon 430 of the Redmi 3S. The dual core Mali T860 GPU is reasonable powerful to run the HD (1280 X 720) display. The Flyme OS 5.1 built upon Android 5.1 Lollipop is very fluid. The Meizu M3s performed pretty well, and we never experienced any significant lag whatsoever.. It did a fair job in multitasking and gaming. Although you will notice lags while playing high end games but that is occasional. The phone did feel slow after long term usage, when more memory was occupied with apps and data. So, not recommended for aggressive users.. One good thing is that I did not find it getting hot so often, despite the metal build. It did get warm after continuous usage or gaming, but pretty well to cool it down on the other hand.. The 13 MP primary camera shoots acceptable images. The 5-lens shooter is equipped with PDAF (Phase Detection Autofocus), f/2.2 aperture size and dual tone LED flash. The Meizu M3s can record Full HD (1080 x 1920) videos at up to 30 fps. At the front, lies a standard 5 MP selfie snapper. Check below for the camera samples.. The rear camera is quite impressive in day light in terms of autofocus speed and exposure control. The colours and details are produced nicely, and look close to natural. Looking at the price, I would say the camera is good in most cases. I tried clicking pictures in artificial light, and I was quite convinced.. Front camera is also a pretty decent compared to competition in the same price. Expecting a lot in dim light conditions from it would be unfair, so we can surely call it a decent setup.. The Meizu M3s comes with a 3020mAh Lithium-ion cell. While this looks tiny with respect to the 4100mAh unit of the Redmi 3S, in real world scenario it gives an ample of battery life. Under normal conditions, the M3s can easily surpass a single day usage.. It took 1 hour 5 minutes to charge from 0-50%, thankfully there is enough. battery so that you don’t have to charge it more than once a day.. Like most other Chinese smartphone manufacturers, Meizu too has its own modified version of the Android operating system. Called as the Flyme OS or UI, functionality-wise it is quite similar to the MIUI and EUI of Xiaomi and LeEco respectively. There is no app drawer, and all the apps are arranged just on the home screen itself.. While I personally always prefer vanilla Android, the Flyme OS didn’t irritate me much. Truly speaking, I am amazed by its snappiness and top notch memory management. Meizu has included every necessary feature in its modified user interface and integrated a few additionally functionalities along with some core level optimizations.. The Meizu M3s is a beautiful looking device with an excellent spec sheet. It has an exceptional display and powerful hardware coupled with an average camera performance. One of the major cons of the smartphone is its lack of VoLTE support. However, Meizu is expected to push an OTA update to enable VoLTE soon. Interestingly, the Chinese version of the handset supports VoLTE, and you can flash the China version of the Flyme OS to get it. Comment below if you want to know how to do it.. Apart from this, the Meizu M3s is a solid performer, and there is no reason why you shouldn’t buy it.. Shuddhahnik is a connoisseur of technology. Writing for tech related stuff is his passion. He is always aware of the latest happenings in the tech industry. In his free time, he loves to fiddle with different Operating Systems and software, assemble desktops, root and flash custom ROMs on Android devices.. Nokia 7 Plus Full Specs, Features, Expected Price and FAQ. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ up for pre-order in India at.... Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact with HDR display, Snapdragon 845.... Nokia 8 Sirocco Full Specs, Features, Expected Price and FAQ. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ Full Specs, Features, Expected Price.... How to get home button on iPhone X in 3 simple.... Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is now official, will come with Snapdragon.... Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ launched with dual pixel dual cameras.... Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
Apple iPhone 6 vs Meizu m3s. Phone Comparison - Apple iPhone 6 vs Meizu m3s. 137.5 x 67 x 7.1 mm (5.41 x 2.64 x 0.28 in). 141.9 X 69.9 X 8.3 mm (5.59 X 2.75 X 0.33 in). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - all models CDMA 800 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 CDMA2000 1xEV-DO HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. SMS, MMS, Push Mail, EMail, IM. 500 dpi Pixel Density Fingerprint Sensor (Touch ID) Shatter proof glass, oleophobic coating. - 2.5D Curved Glass - Fingerprint Sensor - Metal Body. iOS 8, Upgradable to iOS 10. Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) with FlymeOS 5. Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53, Mediatek MT6750. 1 GB [Browse Similar]. 2/3 GB [Browse Similar]. microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen, 2.5D Curved Glass. 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi). 720 x 1280 pixels (294 ppi) [Similar]. 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels. 13 MP, 4160 x 3120 pixels. Auto focus, 1.5µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face and smile detection, panorama, HDR. Phase Detection Autofocus, f/2.2, 5P Lens, Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection. 1.2 MP, 720p [Similar]. 5 MP, f/2.0, 4P Lens [Similar]. DC-HSDPA, 42 Mbps; HSDPA, 21 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps; LTE, Cat6, 300 Mbps DL; EV-DO Rev. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi hotspot. Yes, with A-GPS support and GLONASS. microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Best Smartphones of 2016 Under Rs. Meizu X with MediaTek Helio processor launching on November 30. Meizu M3s launched in India with fingerprint sensor, metal body starting at Rs. iOS 10 connectivity issues with T-Mobile iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus fixed. Huawei MateBook X Pro comes with a 13.9-inch FullView Touchscreen display and a wonky camera design. Nokia 6 gets an Android One edition at MWC 2018, runs Oreo out of the box. Copyright © PhoneBunch | Advertise | Contact Us | Terms of Use. 
Looks like your cart is empty. Get quick access to guides, parts, and answers for your devices. Repair guides and support for phones manufactured by Meizu.. Teardown of the Meizu MX6 on Monday July 25th 2016.. I need to replace Meizu Phone MX4 screen+touchsreen. How to replace the screen of Meizu M1 NOTE?. Meizy MX3 top speaker won't work when calling someone.. Past 24 Hours: 9. Past 7 Days: 63. Past 30 Days: 334. 2018 iFixit – Licensed under Creative Commons – Privacy Policy. It's time to speak out for your right to repair. We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic. equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment. chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair shops that. keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers.. Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible. Stand up for your right to repair!. 
Meizu M3S Review, Price and Specifications. July 1, 2016 Jarvis Phones 4g , android , arm , automatic , battery , camera , cameras , fingerprint , Gorilla Glass , gpu , HD , IPS , lag , meizu , mobile , Octa-Core , photography , processor , ram , Review , security , sensor , smartphone , speaker , usb. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1280 x 720 (HD 720). Battery Capacity (mAh): 3020mAh Built-in Battery. Product size: 14.19 x 6.99 x 0.83 cm / 5.59 x 2.75 x 0.33 inches. Package size: 18.00 x 12.00 x 6.00 cm / 7.09 x 4.72 x 2.36 inches. Hey there! Here I am with an amazing smartphone Meizu M3S review. Meizu, a Chinese consumer electronics company have. just launched another flagship in the Meizu M series. Meizu M3S is a 5 inched screen with 2.5D arc glass smartphone powered by high-performance MediTek. It comes in two variants one with 2 GB RAM + 16 GB ROM and other with 3 GB RAM + 32 GB ROM. The 32 Gb version is available on everbuing.net for just $212.94 under presell.. striking appearance and comes with four colour variants (GOLD, SILVER, GREY, and ROSE GOLD). M3S comes with android 5.1 out of he box even though android 6.0 has released into the market but flyme 5 operating system blends a high design standard with unique innovations. It also features mTouch 2.1 that’s a fingerprint scanner which provides you with the. most convenient way of securing your phone through fingerprint security. So let’s get ahead with the detailed specifications of the. The Meizu M3S is a smartphone whose design will influence you to buy one for yourself. features a 5 Inches high definition screen that blows you away with its full lamination technology. The 2.5D arc glass on the Meizu M3S makes it very exquisite and brings visual joy. It also helps in an easy grip of the phone. Being a 5 inches metal body. phone it weighs only 138 grams and is only 8.3 mm thick. The four colour variants (GOLD, SILVER, GREY & ROSE GOLD) gives it striking appearance and an elegant look. The build of the phone too is great, you get volume and power button on the right side, speaker and USB port on the bottom of the phone and of course. a 3.5 mm jack on the top.. Here are the complete Dimensions of the product. Meizu M3S offers an elegant design with 5 inches. screen resolution of 1280 x 720(HD 720). The capacitive IPS display gives nice picture quality. Though the phone has no additional protection like Gorilla Glass protection to prevent the phone from getting shattered With an amazing design, the display quality could have been. Anyway you are spending just $212.94 that is no too much.. When you’ll order it following are the items that will be included in the package box-. Now coming to the performance of this Meizu M3S smartphone, as already discussed the phone is powered by high-performance MediTek. MT6750 64 bit octa-core processor and 3GB RAM +. 32 GB internal memory that are sufficient. to provide fast processing without any issue and is also enough to play some high-end graphical games as it also has ARM Mali T860 graphics processor. With the operating speed of the processor to be 1.5 GHz multitasking becomes easy and the phone should not lag.. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu M3S packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.. The 13-megapixel rear camera supports quick and automatic phase focusing, which makes snapping a great photo easier than ever.With other modes, such as long exposure or panorama mode, we take mobile photography to a whole new level.. Consequently, the phone also offers mTouch 2.1 fingerprint scanner that enhances the accuracy and response speed of the fingerprint module. The response speed of the fingerprint recognition is 0.2 seconds that is amazingly quick. Fingerprint sensor comes with a 360-degree identification of fingers and can store a maximum of 5 fingers.. Now coming to the power house of any smartphone, its battery. The phone does not have a very large battery but 3020 mAh is what this phone is occupied with. a unibody smartphone, therefore, the battery is not user replaceable. The battery of the phone is. enough and will provide battery backup up to 9 hours of normal usage.. Keeping in mind all the aspects that we have discussed, the Meizu M3S is a. stylish and classic smartphone with 5 inches HD ready screen and an oocta-coremediaTek processor, all this for $212.94. The phone has a premium build and an awesome design, not only that the phone has a good performance and good. camera quality when we look at its price tag.So, it’s a recommend buy!. Sony Xperia XZ2 Hands-on Review : First look. Lenovo Yoga 730 Hands-on Review : First look. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Hands-on Review: First look. Lenovo Yoga 530 Hands-on Review : First look. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Sony Xperia XZ2: MWC phone showdown. 
