GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300). 144 x 70.5 x 8.3 mm (5.67 x 2.78 x 0.33 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~67.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Also known as Meizu A5, Meizu Charm Blue A5. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M5c - user opinions and reviews. I got this for arround 95usd free of.contract unlocked , at the price point it has no competition in my opinion. Initially bought this as a test device for my games as i wanted the lowest gpu of.the current lineup to test them, but i could see mysel.... Absolute junk of a phone so slow at doing anything and lags really bad not satisfied at all with this model, my previous Meizu worked a charm.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M5 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Meizu M5s Xiaomi Redmi 4A Meizu M3s Meizu M6. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
M5c inherits the DNA and style of the M-series by boasting a body of perfect symmetry. In addition to gold and black, the M5c is available in a variety of other colors: red, blue and pink. There's definitely one that will suit your style.. Molded from high-end polycarbonate, the back cover is heated at 85Â°C and then spray-painted for a finish that is uniform, solid and durable. Ultra-high precision CNC techniques are applied to every part of the device, combined with exquisite craftsmanship.This manufacturing process and luxurious materials perfectly match to create a device that is both sleek and stylish.. Quad-core 64-bit processor, 2GB high-speed memory. Powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core 64-bit processor, the M5c also features 2GB RAM and 16GB internal storage. The new Flyme 6 One Mind AI technology intelligently allocates memory to your applications, delivering an unparalleled experience.. Small in size, large in power. Though only 135g in weight and just 8.3mm thin, the M5c houses a powerful 3000mAh battery. On top of that, Flyme 6 offers energy-saving optimization so you can easily handle the most demanding apps without fear of running out of battery power.. An 8-megapixel, 4-element lens module and professional ISP technology are complemented by a powerful dual-color flash. These features help you take great-looking photos that are accurately toned and clearly composed, even in dim light. Additionally, 11 different style filters are included to enhance the creativity and fun of shooting photos. Whether you're a photography lover or simply want to record memories, the Meizu M5c has got you covered.. f/2.0 aperture for bright images. 11 unique filters for individualized photo editing. Equipped with a 5.0-inch HD screen with sophisticated GFF full-lamination technology, images are clear and transparent, while keeping glare to a minimum. The screen brightness adjusts itself automatically to protect your eyes, whether in daylight or at night. Advanced color management features provide a wide selection of color tones.. In addition to globally popular 2G, 3G and 4G network bands, the M5c provides the DSDS feature for easy switching between two phone numbers with just one button. A precise GPS system allows you to efficiently plan your route wherever you want to go.. 1ãAll materials, product models, test data, function performance and specifications displayed and described on this website are for reference only and are subject to change. All information is based on the physical product and product manual.. 2ãUnless otherwise stated, all data on this website represents test results from Meizu's lab. Data may vary to some degree under different circumstances, so users need to rely on their own experience with the physical product.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
Support ArcSoft Â® beauti cation algorithm. 2GB RAM + 16GB internal storage. Support MicroSD cards up to 128GB. ArcSoft Â® intelligent beautification algorithm. Dual nano SIM card dual standby. 802.11a/b/g/n, 2.4GHz, Bluetooth 4.1, Support BLE. Infrared proximity sensor, digital gyroscope, and ambient light sensor. Video: MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI ,FLV, MPEG. Audio: FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR. The above data were gathered in tests in a lab environment.. To avoid phone damage or malfunctioning, please avoid using your phone under extreme conditions.. Relevant patents implemented by this product are licensed by Qualcomm Incorporated.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Jun 1, 2017. View all photos (15). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Meizu M5c is a phone made for the global market with support for 4G LTE band 20, crucial for proper coverage in Europe. It's a plastic phone, but one with beautiful colors and likeable design. In terms of specs, the Meizu M5c is quite a basic phone: it's got a 5" 720p HD display that is fully laminated, it features a Dual SIM card slot, an 8MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture, a 3,000 mAh battery and 2GB of RAM with 16 gigs of internal storage. It is also the first global Meizu phone to support the company's latest Flyme 6 custom interface.. OS: Android (6.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 5.67 x 2.78 x 0.33 inches (144 x 70.51 x 8.3 mm). Weight: 4.76 oz (135 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Colors: Black, Gold, Pink, Blue, Red. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 23 May 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: € 140. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu M5c specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu M5c is an affordable and likeable new 5" phone that promises good battery life. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu M5c. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu M5c smartphone was launched in May 2017. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. The Meizu M5c is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 256GB. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu M5c packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu M5c runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. The Meizu M5c is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Meizu M5c With 2GB RAM, 3000mAh Battery Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Release date May 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Thickness 8.5 Weight (g) 135.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Blue, Black, Red, Gold, Rose Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage up to (GB) 256. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 7.0 Skin Flyme 6. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu M5c. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu M5c With 2GB RAM, 3000mAh Battery Launched. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Meizu M5c Archos Access 5 vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4 Meizu M5c vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Meizu M5c vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4a Archos Sense 55s vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Zte Nubia Z17 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Meizu M5c vs. Xiaomi Redmi 1s Archos Sense 55s vs. Meizu M5c Zte Nubia Z17 vs. Meizu M5c Meizu M5c vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu M5c in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Обзор MEIZU M5C I Маленький стиляга 😎. Meizu M5c 16GB Black полный обзор, сравнение с Мейзу М5. Meizu M5c Review - Great Budget Camera Phone!. Meizu M5c - сразу на Flyme 6. Meizu M5c With 5-inch HD Display | 2GB RAM | 2017. Обзор Meizu M5c — первый на Flyme 6. Meizu M5c 89$ Распаковка САМОГО ЛУЧШЕГО БЮДЖЕТНИКА. Битва бюджетников Meizu! M5 vs M5s какой выбрать?. Meizu M5c: первая распаковка и первые впечатления. Лучшие смартфоны 2017 для покупки в 2018!. Обзор Meizu M5c: бюджетный смартфон на Flyme 6. Meizu M5c Full Specifications, Price, Release Date, Features, Review with 2GB RAM || BUDGET PHONE !!. Meizu announces M5c for International Market. Обзор Meizu M5c - Дёшево, значит плохо?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Meizu M5c hands-on: A low-cost phone with great performance. | July 6, 2017 -- 20:37 GMT (04:37 GMT+08:00). Dual SIM, Dual Standby one touch switch. Teclast X3 Plus review: A 6GB tablet at a really good price Although chatbot use rises, we still prefer talking to humans Image tools for better online engagement Apps and gadgets to calm the stressed out geek. Chinese company Meizu is prolific with its device releases that appeal across all price ranges. This tactic has grown the company, which is now the 11th largest mobile phone manufacturer in in the world in terms of unit sales.. It has three smartphone lines: the Pro, MX, and M-series. I have reviewed the M3 Max , the M5s , the M5 Note , and the Pro 6 Plus (my favourite so far).. Its new offering, the M5c, is aimed squarely at the international market. The phone supports band 20 4G connectivity, so no matter where you are in the world, you can get good data coverage.. Unlike the other phones in the M-series, this phone has a polycarbonate body, which is spray-painted in black, gold, red, blue, and pink. This is the first time that Meizu has released a red M-series phone.. The phone is light, weighing 135g, which makes it the lightest Meizu phone I've reviewed. It also packs a 3000mAh battery into its 8.3mm-thick case. It has a 5-inch HD screen with 1280x720-pixel resolution and a nice auto-adjust soft glow when using the phone in dim light.. Inside there is a 1.3ghz quad-core 64-bit processor with 2GB RAM and 16GB of internal storage. The device also supports up to 128GB microSD to increase storage.. The 8MP four-element lens camera on the rear takes clear pictures. The shutter speed is fast -- even in low light. The front has a 5MP f/2.2 aperture camera, the highest spec of all the Meizu phones I've reviewed.. Most of the Meizu devices I have tested have dual SIM capability. The M5c has a DSDS (dual SIM, dual standby) feature to switch between the two numbers in the phone, which is useful if you do not want to use your work phone.. This is the first phone designed for the international market that comes with the Flyme 6 OS (Android 7.0) installed. It is faster than the previous Flyme version, and home screen notifications now appear on a black screen with a grey font, which is kinder to the eyes.. One of my major niggles was the lack of fingerprint touch authentication. I became used to it with previous models, and I missed it more than I thought I would. Typing the PIN became annoying after using touch to unlock the devices.. The other style issue I had was the screen. Other Meizu phones I have tried had rounded screen edges -- a nightmare if you are clumsy with your phone and drop it a lot, but it's a delight if you love smooth sleek lines.. The M5c has a definite edge to the screen, which made the phone seem boxy after the curved edges of other models.. These were the only things that bothered me. The phone is a good, affordable device aimed at the lower end of the price market, but it has performance specs that will suit most businesses.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
Meizu M5c - user opinions and reviews. I got this for arround 95usd free of.contract unlocked , at the price point it has no competition in my opinion. Initially bought this as a test device for my games as i wanted the lowest gpu of.the current lineup to test them, but i could see myself using this as a daily driver since i do not play 3d games(which is the only weak point for thi device imho). Absolute junk of a phone so slow at doing anything and lags really bad not satisfied at all with this model, my previous Meizu worked a charm.. Power, 10 Jul 2017 If you dont loose your phone or wont get robbed you literary dont need that so its just waste ... Power, 18 Jun 2017 Looks good but Xiaomi 4a is better for 120 eur Xiaomi good? Hahahahaha. [deleted post] If you dont loose your phone or wont get robbed you literary dont need that so its just waste of money.. Looks good but Xiaomi 4a is better for 120 eur. Eagerly waiting for the phone to be out because I like the simplicity. only 2gb ram? might as well get the e2.. better than $400 Oppo Marshmallow phone. This phone will come at a very cheaper price. Well, with its very low-end specs, etc, it just can't be priced more than for a very low price phone.. Who will buy with just 2 GB Ram?. Total of 12 user reviews and opinions for Meizu M5c .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M5 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Meizu M5s Xiaomi Redmi 4A Meizu M3s Meizu M6. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Meizu M5c Review: A Great Experience At A Low Cost. June 27, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz. For those that aren’t familiar with Meizu, the M5c would be a great place to start.. Meizu is a really well-known brand both inside and outside of China as it’s one of China’s bigger manufacturers, and one of Meizu’s latest devices is the M5c, which we’ve been able to spend some time with over the last week or so to see how it stacks up. If there’s one thing that seems to be consistent with Meizu and its smartphones it’s that a lot of them look similar in design. That said the M5c looks pretty good and it’s due in part to its minimalistic design. The M5c is an entry-level device but you wouldn’t necessarily know it just by looking at it. Even using it has felt like a much more enjoyable experience than many of the other entry-level phones that we’ve been able to test. Let’s take a closer look at the M5c and see how good of a device Meizu has produced this time around.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. The Meizu M5c is a humble device that isn’t packed with the latest and greatest, but the phone had no issues with running smoothly. It’s powered by a MediaTek 6737 Quad-Core processor, and it’s paired with a Mali-T720 MP1 GPU for the graphics processing. It has 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage space, which isn’t exactly a lot these days but it’s important to remember that this is an entry-level phone. The good news is that if 16GB isn’t enough the M5c does support expandable storage via a microSD card and it supports cards that are up to 128GB in size, so you’ll be able to have plenty of space.. The Meizu M5c is working with a 3,000mAh battery which is more than enough to carry it through the day, in fact we got quite a bit out of it, which we’ll get into a bit later in the battery section. For the screen the Meizu M5c is working with a 5-inch display and it carries a resolution of 720p, so it’s not the most sharp picture quality but it does the job and does it quite well. It supports Dual Nano SIM cards so it can be used internationally while still keeping your normal SIM card in it, and it also comes with an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. It’s also running Flyme OS 6 which is based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. In the box is a pretty bare experience. You have the phone, the charger, the quick start guide, the SIM ejector tool, and that’s it. No earbuds or cases or screen protectors like with a lot of the other Chinese brand OEMs. This isn’t a bad thing as it’s mostly common with a lot of other device brands, but it is always nice when a few extras are thrown in.. The build quality of the Meizu M5c is actually quite nice and it doesn’t feel cheap at all. It isn’t made of metal so it doesn’t have an exceptional premium feel to it, but it still feels nice in the hand when holding it and it’s comfortable to hold for longer periods of time. The body is made from a polycarbonate material, which helps with the grip as it’s less slick than a phone made with metal or glass. It also keeps the phone from feeling too hot in the hand during moments of more extreme use, like when gaming or watching high-quality videos. It also has a good weight to it so I never really experienced and feelings of fatigue from holding the phone for too long which has been an issue with past devices, particularly those that come with massive batteries.. The M5c has a pretty simplistic look to it which is part of its charm. The power button and volume up and down buttons are both on the right side of the device, while the SIM card tray is located on the left side. On the bottom you have the micro USB charging port as well as the single loudspeaker and the microphone for picking your voice. Up on the top Meizu has placed the 3.5mm audio port for headphones, and on the front of the device there’s just the mBack button which acts as a home button and a back button. On the back you’ll find the rear camera and the LED flash, but no fingerprint sensor as the M5c does not have one. Overall the M5c has a nice design and it could easily pass for a more premium device thanks to its style.. The display was an area where I wasn’t sure that I was going to be satisfied with what was on offer, but after extended use it really isn’t all that bad. The screen does get plenty bright and it’s fairly responsive to interaction with no problems regarding the my finger presses. Normally with inexpensive devices the digitizer can have an issue or two, but Meizu seems to have used a really nice Digitizer here because there were no issues that we experienced. If there’s one issue that is present, and it’s really a minor one, it’s that it seems much more noticeable that this is only a 720p screen when the brightness is on a lower setting.. With some phones the screen can be a little bit on the warm or cool side and often in those times there’s no way to adjust things. While I don’t feel that the M5c is either a little too warm or a little too cool, the option is present in Display Settings to adjust the screen’s color temperature if needed. There’s also an option to change the font size between small, normal, medium, large, and extra large options just in case you need the words to be easier to see. This is a great feature add for someone who might not have the best vision. Overall the Meizu M5c has a pretty decent display here and especially considering the price range of the phone that Meizu is going for. Color accuracy looks pretty good and picture clarity is decent as well. For the most part, there was no disappointment and most users will likely feel the same.. Despite having just 2GB of RAM the Meizu M5c actually performed quite well in most situations. I did happen to notice some lag when browsing the Play Store (which doesn’t normally come installed on the device I might add, and had to be sideloaded) but other than that most of the experience when using the phone felt pretty smooth. Multitasking was not bad and it didn’t seem to lock up or crash, so the user experience is certainly a stable one. To test out the performance a little more we played Never Gone, which is a newer game on Android that has some pretty awesome visuals for attacks and special effects, as well as some really nice anime-style art for the character graphics. It’s a pretty graphics intensive game and the M5c seemed to handle it just fine, which was quite the surprise for me personally as I half expected it to be jittery during gameplay. On the contrary though, that wasn’t the case at all. Overall there weren’t really any issues that we had with the performance. It’s not the absolute most buttery smooth user experience you’ll have of any phone, and it certainly would perform better with some higher-quality specs, but unless you’re a true power user who only wants the best of the best, the M5c would probably suit you just fine for an everyday device.. Every phone has its drawbacks, and this is where the M5c seems to fall short. The audio quality was really not that great and even when my hand wasn’t covering the speaker, which was almost all of the time, the audio still sounded muffled and far away. This was disappointing as everything so far had been pretty good when using the phone, then during gameplay and listening to music I noticed the audio quality was a little lacking. I can’t say I’m too surprised as this is a budget device of sorts and there has to be a compromise somewhere to keep the price low, but I was hoping it would be a little bit better. That being said, those who aren’t listening to a ton of music or other types of audio through the loudspeaker probably won’t notice or won’t care, so the lack of a decent speaker may not make or break the decision on this device for some.. The Meizu M5c is an unlocked GSM device which means it can be used in more than just China, and it supports Dual SIM which makes it great for travelers. Unlike most Chinese smartphones we review from some of the lesser-known brands, the Meizu M5c actually supports some of the same bands that are supported by T-Mobile and AT&T when it comes to 4G LTE connections, so you should be able to use the M5c for 2G, 3G, and 4G on both those networks as well as other GSM networks in the U.S. I have Project Fi so the Meizu M5c would not support my SIM card, but you can view the supported frequencies below.. As the Meizu M5c is an entry-level phone, it comes with entry-level specs, and as such it wasn’t expected to perform extremely well in the benchmarks. That said this is really only when comparing the device to top-end phones. For its class it felt like it performed just fine during use, though there was a bit of lag when using things like the Play Store as mentioned above. For the benchmark tests we ran the M5c through AnTuTu, Geekbench 4, and 3DMark for the graphics, and if you’re interested you can view the results of the benchmark tests in the gallery just below.. Battery life on the M5c is quite amazing. For just a 3,000 mAh battery it scored better than some devices would that have a slightly higher battery capacity. Perhaps this is due in part to the 720p display and the lower-powered processor, but whatever the case is the M5c will do just fine and then some for those who need a long-lasting battery so they can use their phone throughout the day without worrying it might die on them. During our time of use we got about 8-9 hours of screen on time with it and on average it would last about two days before needing a recharge. We also ran it through the PCMark battery benchmark test to mimic on-screen time and this resulted in 9 hours and 6 minutes exactly, so it was right on par with what we got with actual use. That said everyone uses their devices differently so your mileage may vary here, which is worth keeping in mind. Another thing to note is that the M5c has built-in battery saving features to help cut down on power consumption and extend the battery life even more if you need to implement it.. The software was quite the different experience for me as I’m not used to Meizu’s Flyme OS, so things were naturally quite a bit of a change from stock Android or even any of the other UI skins from other brands. Flyme OS looks a lot like iOS and the phone doesn’t initially have Google’s services and apps package available, but you can sideload the apps package so you get things like the Play Store, which allows you to then install any other apps you want including Gmail, games, or whatever else your heart desires. The biggest changes with Flyme OS are really the different visual styles throughout the system, but there are some nice little additions that you likely won’t find elsewhere. The mBack button for example is a pretty nice touch that most people would likely really appreciate. While not extensive, the mBack button acts as more than just your home button as you have a couple of different shortcut actions applied to it. With a double tap you can use it to either launch the camera, play music from the lock screen, or have no response at all if you don’t want the double tap to be there. You can also set it to hide and reveal the keyboard if you simply tap it once while typing. There’s also an option where you can slightly adjust the visual appearance of the Flyme Classic Style option, which changes the look of small things like the spacing between the app icons, as well as the appearance of the phone, messages, and more.. The phone also features a game mode and something called kid space, which more or less lets you set parameters for the device should a kid have access to it, like enabling an option which locks the phone when the battery gets low so kids don’t spend too much time using the phone. These are all located under the accessibility settings and under the lab header in that menu. There are a few different interaction options that can be played with as well and these add some nice little enhancements to the way that the phone works. For example, you can easily open up the task manager by swiping up from the bottom edge of the screen, or use different gestures to wake the device and have it launch certain apps when drawing various characters. The most useful for me personally though was the smart touch button, which you can toggle on or off at your leisure. This is a small little button which has different actions based on how you interact with it. A simple tap can be used to go back one page, while a double tap will allow you to either shift the screen, open the notification shade, lock the screen, or even launch the task manager.. You can also set interactions for when you slide up on the SmartTouch button, as well as when you slide down on it, or slide left or right. The button can also be moved and placed anywhere you want it on screen if you long press it, and it doesn’t just sit on the edge. It can actually be placed directly in the middle if you want it there. You have a varied set of different quick settings in the notification shade but unfortunately it doesn’t look like you can move these around or order them any way you like, so you’re stuck with what’s there and in the order that they come in. If you’ve never used Flyme OS before it will definitely be a bit of a shock, but it’s actually pretty nice once you get used to where everything is. Flyme also features a native theme option like many of today’s more popular UI skins from other brands, so if you don’t like the look of the icons or the backdrop etc., you can enter the theme menu and choose something you like and there are tons of options. Of course you could also just install a third-party launcher once you have the Play Store installed and add themes and icon packs to adjust the style as well.. Picture quality isn’t the strongest element of the M5c but it’s not too bad either. Images came out ok in most cases and color reproduction was mostly spot on. If there was one area of the camera that the M5c wasn’t particularly that great it’s zooming in on subjects before snapping the photo. Anytime I zoomed in to take a picture of something it seems that the sharpness and the image quality just wasn’t as good as it’s been on some other phones. That said the phone did seem to do ok with lighting in most cases and didn’t let subjects get too washed out if there was more light than usual.. At first the camera might seem like a basic setup but a little poking around with the different options that are immediately visible reveals more that meets the eye. Initially you have just the normal photo mode, video mode, and a beauty mode for pictures, and on the left side of the UI you’ll find options like HDR, the settings for the camera, the flash button and an option to apply color filter effects before the image is taken. At first this seems pretty standard as these options are found in a lot of different Chinese-brand smartphones, but there is one button on the UI in standard photo mode that opens up some more camera modes including panorama, time lapse, GIF, and even a scanner. What was a surprise to see is that the Meizu M5c actually has a pro mode as well. With pro mode you can adjust the ISO, the white balance, the exposure compensation, the contrast, and the saturation, letting you have a little more control over how the pictures look when they come out. Overall the Meizu M5c has a pretty decent camera for its range and that should be even more apparent when you compare it to different phones that are in the same tier.. Flyme OS feels lightweight and easy to use after some adjustment to the differences. Camera has a pro mode available. The SmartTouch button was extremely useful. The mBack button adds another element of accessibility. Camera quality was pretty decent for an 8-megapixel sensor. Supports most US network frequencies for GSM carriers. Camera quality when zoomed in could have been better. Meizu isn’t typically a brand you’ll see in the US as the phones aren’t generally sold here, but Meizu is a pretty well-known brand and is one of China’s better ones at that. The M5c is Meizu’s latest device, and it doesn’t cost too much to get into which is even better for the quality of the experience that you’re getting. For those that aren’t familiar with Meizu, the M5c would be a great place to start.. Should you buy the Meizu M5c?. That really all depends on if you can actually get a hold of it. Since Meizu phones aren’t always sold in the US it might not be easy to find, but if you can find it being sold in the US regardless of the retailer, then it’s definitely a device you should consider if you’re in the market for a new phone or a backup phone as it has a lot to offer at the lower cost that Meizu is going to be asking for it. Then again if you’re someone who wants a really high-powered device, then the M5c may not cut it.. Supposed Galaxy Note 8 Sketch Shows Horizontal Dual Cameras. New Galaxy Note 8 Leak Details Its Design, 3300mAh Battery. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
Meizu M5c Price in the Philippines and Specification. M5c is a 5-in HD display phone available in five colors. With 4G technology support and features a 8MP back shutter as well as a 5MP selfie shutter.. 5 inches, HD 720 x 1280 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Insurance is inclusive of ..., Your order will be ... Meizu M5c Price in the Philippines Starts from P4,921.27. The lowest price of Meizu M5c is P4,921.27 at AliExpress, which is 18% less than the cost of M5c at PCEXPRESS (P5,990).. The latest price of Meizu M5c was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:18.. Flyme 6 with Android 7.0 (Nougat). Nano SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. 8 MP f/2.0, autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. WiFi, Hotspot/Tethering, GPS, Bluetooth, Infrared, Flash. 144 x 70.51 x 8.3 mm. Meizu M5c is an Affordable smartphone to hit the Global Market. Meizu launches the M5c, its bid to provide an international smartphone that is affordable, with great build quality and excellent battery life.. Meizu is part of the wave of Chinese smartphone manufacturers looking to provide excellent smartphones at very affordable prices. Meizu has finally introduced their latest nugget: the Meizu M5c. It's an affordable entry-level phone which is meant for the international market, and not just the Chinese market. Will this phone be an attractive alternative for prospective buyers? Let's read on.. — MEIZU (@MEIZU) May 23, 2017. See Things Differently - the Meizu M5c. The Meizu M5c has a 5-inch HD 720p display, which is protected with lamination. The body is made of high-end polycarbonate, built with high-precision techniques to give it a solid build. It has a yet undisclosed 64-bit quad core processor clocked at 1.3Ghz, with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage. It has an 8-megapixel main camera with a 4-element lens and f/2.0 aperture. The battery is 3,000mAh but is non-removable and built into the phone. It runs Meizu's custom Flyme 6 OS interface on top of Android.. This also means that the phone will come with Meizu's One Mind AI technology, an adaptive learning interface that learns how you use your phone. This allows the M5c to learn your habits and app usage, and allocates memory intelligently so that your most used applications run better.. Unfortunately, at this point Meizu has not given any pricing or availability information regarding the M5c. We know it's coming to the global market, and Meizu has assured us that it comes with band 20 4G LTE connectivity, which is necessary for it to work in Europe. The device will likely be made available soon in a number of territories.. "We designed the Meizu M5c specifically with our international customers in mind." Meizu says through Li Nan, the President of Meizu's M-series. "We did what we do best by creating a device that our international customers would enjoy: compact in size, highly affordable and lasting you through more than a day.". User Review : 4 Reviews. Maganda sana kaso hindi ko naman makita ang phone na ito sa malls sa totoo lang okay siya talaga sa price pa lang ... Sobrang pleasant ng experience kapag nakagamit ka ng smartphone na ito. Soilid upgrade ito sa dating M2 ko na may ... Sa phone na ito masasabi kung hindi na ako naka bili ng hindi maganda phone kasi naman 8MP back shutter as well as ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. confused po ako sa phone na ito 4g po siya pero pag yung signal ko Lte siya LTE din po ba ang signal niya or 4g lang talaga.. Last updated : Feb 4, 2018. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. paano ko malalaman kung kTE ang phone an ito? kapag may TE ba na signal na lalabas?. Last updated : Dec 22, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. 5.2 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB, ... 5 inches, HD 720 x 1280 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.2 inches, 1280 x 720 (HD). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 5.2 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3.... Most viewed ranking for Meizu Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Meizu muscles into international territory with the bright new M5c smartphone. Meizu has announced the M5c , a smartphone the company described to Digital Trends as a very special one, because it’s the first phone is has designed exclusively for sale outside China. The device itself isn’t going to challenge Meizu’s high-end models such as the Pro 6 Plus , and instead is made for anyone not wanting to spend much money on a new phone, while still getting a quality device.. What makes it “international?” Meizu has added band 20 (or 800Mhz) 4G LTE support to the modem, which is a bigger deal than it first sounds. This is a very commonly used frequency in Europe, and it means almost regardless of the network you’re connected to — in the United Kingdom in particular — the M5c will provide 4G LTE speeds. Much better than the 3G speeds achieved by phones without band 20 support. However, Meizu fans in the U.S. still won’t benefit from this addition, as band 20 isn’t used by North American carriers.. The other international aspect highlighted by Meizu on the M5c is the presence of its Flyme 6 user interface. The long-awaited update, which is based on the most recent 7.0 Nougat build of Android, isn’t expected to be publicly released until July this year; but will be installed out of the box on the M5c. The operating system will be driven by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM, but Meizu hasn’t confirmed which chip it will be. A spat with Qualcomm saw Meizu use both Samsung’s Exynos chips and MediaTek chips recently.. Made from polycarbonate, the 8.3mm thick M5c comes in a variety of bright colors, including gold, blue, pink, black, and a very attractive red. The body hides a 3,000mAh battery, which powers a 5-inch screen with a 1280 x 720 pixel resolution, meaning the M5c should return great standby time. The camera on the back has 8 megapixels, an f/2.0 aperture, and a dual-color flash, while the selfie camera has 5-megapixels. Other specifications include 16GB of internal storage, a MicroSD card slot with up to 128GB capacity, plus a hybrid SIM tray that accepts two SIMs alongside the MicroSD card.. how much the M5c will cost closer to its release towards the end of June, but rumors ahead of the launch put the price at around $100.. Updated on 05-23-2017 by Andy Boxall: Rewritten to reflect the Meizu M5c’s official launch.. Moto E4 Plus: Big-screen budget battle. Lenovo Moto G5S Plus: Clash of the budget smartphones. Nokia 6: Can Honor beat the Finnish veteran?. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World Congress. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. TomTom Sports app now syncs with Google Fit and Apple Health. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World…. Here are all the Nokia phones HMD Global unveiled at MWC 2018. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Meizu M5c Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Meizu M5c released in June of 2017 operating on android 6.0. This phone is enabled with 5.0 inch screen and 8MP camera. 2 GB ram and 3000MAh battery a ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300) Speed HSPA, LTE GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2017, May Status Available. Released 2017, June Body Dimensions 144 x 70.5 x 8.3 mm (5.67 x 2.78 x 0.33 in) Weight 135 g (4.76 oz) SIM Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~67.9% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) Multitouch Yes - Flyme 6 Platform OS Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Mediatek MT6737 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720MP1 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Internal 16 GB, 2 GB RAM Camera Primary 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama Video [email. protected] Secondary 5 MP, f/2.2 Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth 4.1, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Radio To be confirmed USB microUSB 2.0, USB On-The-Go Features Sensors Accelerometer, gyro (digital), proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC player - MP4/H.264 player - Document editor - Photo/video editor Battery Non-removable 3000 mAh battery. Also known as Meizu A5, Meizu Charm Blue A5. This meizu m5s is looking the beautiful device which has the beautiful color and the good software that is able to give the good performance whole day long. Without get any trouble now we easily get save anything in this mart phone of meizu m5c because it has the huge Belton that is able to save anything easily. Meizu the best smartphone which has the really good price and gives me the amazing functionality what I need in it to use for the better use. Meizu the best smartphone which has the really good applications and has the amazing operating speed of the android we exactly want. With the help of this device we easily get watch the Blu-ray movies in it due to the good screen resolution and the non-blasting pixels. This device is able to save man y data in it easily without get face any trouble due to the huge Belton memory so now don’t have get trouble any more. Meizu M5c Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Meizu M5c released in June of 2017 operating on android 6.0. This phone is enabled with 5.0 inch screen and 8MP camera. 2 GB ram and 3000MAh battery allows you for long video playing and faster processing. Meizu M5c has quad core processor of 1.3 GHz for giving you the ability to have the data processing being quick and reliable. It also comes with front camera of 5Mp camera and ability to shoot 720pixels video @30FPS. Meizu M5c doesn`t have finger print sensor but it has proximity sensor and accelerometer and other sensors for flexible user experience. Card slot of this phone has the limit of 256 GB that can be used for downloading social apps, storing photos, and videos etc. This phone is enabled with WIFI, Bluetooth, GPS and USB support for faster transfer of data. If you are willing to buy this phone Meizu M5c price in Pakistan is available for you to see.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Ultra Slim TPU Case with Du .. Quick Circle Plastic Flip C .. MX 375 - Earphones - Grey. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Meizu M5c Is Official With 2GB Of RAM, HD Display & Flyme 6. May 23, 2017 - Written By Kristijan Lucic. The Meizu M5c is finally here, Meizu has introduced this smartphone during a press conference, following several teasers the company released lately. We’ve even shared an exclusive leak of this smartphone a couple of days ago, and that leak was spot on. In any case, the Meizu M5c is the company’s newest budget smartphone, as its name suggests (‘Meizu M’), and if you’d like to know more about this phone, read on.. The Meizu M5c is actually the company’s first international smartphone to ship with Flyme 6 out of the box. This smartphone comes with support for band 20 4G connectivity, which is something you’re not getting on the company’s Chinese phone units. The Meizu M5 is made out of polycarbonate, though Meizu claims this is “high-end polycarbonate”, and that “ultra-high precision CNC techniques were applied to the M5c”, which means that the phone should be really well built. The device comes in five color variants, Black, Gold, Red, Blue and Pink, and its specs are quite nice as well, as long as you keep in mind that this is a budget phone. The device sports a 5-inch 720p (1280 x 720) display with ‘sophisticated GFF full-lamination technology’, while the phone packs in 2GB of RAM and 16GB of native storage. The Meizu M5c is fueled by a 64-bit quad-core SoC clocked at 1.3GHz, and a 3,000mAh battery is also a part of this package, and it is not removable.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. Meizu’s Flyme 6 UI comes with the company’s new One Mind AI technology, which actually learns how you use your phone, and based on that allocates memory to your applications in order to deliver the best experience. The phone weighs 135 grams, and is only 8.3mm thick, while it comes with an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera which comes with a 4-element lens, and ISP technology. “We designed the Meizu M5c specifically with our international customers in mind,” said Li Nan, President of M-series. The company did not say when will you be able to purchase this phone, nor how much it costs, but the company’s devices are available in a number of countries around the world (China, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, France…), so the phone is expected to become available soon.. LG X power2 (LG M320) Hits GFXBench With Android Nougat. Instagram Scraps Foursquare Swarm & Flickr Support. Android News , Android Phones , Meizu. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Meizu M5c With 2GB RAM, 3000mAh Battery Launched. Shekhar Thakran , 23 May 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Meizu M5c runs Flyme 6 OS based on Android 7.0 Nougat. The smartphone sports a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels display). The Meizu M5c packs 2GB of RAM. Meizu on Tuesday launched its new 'M5c' smartphone in the mid-rangers segment and said the new phone will be made available in Pink, Black, Gold, Red, and Blue colour variants. While Meizu has not disclosed the pricing for the phone, it is expected to cost less than $275 to the users.. The dual-SIM Meizu M5c runs Flyme 6 OS based on Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box and sports a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels display). The smartphone is powered by a quad-core 1.3GHz processor coupled with 2GB of RAM. In terms of optics, the M5c comes with an 8-megapixel primary camera, with f/2.0 aperture and dual-LED flash support. At front, the phone has a 5-megapixel camera for video-calling and taking selfies.. The Meizu M5c comes with 16GB of inbuilt storage, which is expandable up to 256GB. The connectivity options on the smartphone include 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, and Micro-USB 2.0. The smartphone comes with a 3000mAh non-removable battery. The sensors on the M5c include proximity sensor, accelerometer, gyro, and compass. Additionally, there is a fingerprint scanner at the front of the smartphone. The China launch was first reported by GSMArena.. Earlier this month, Meizu launched its M5 smartphone in India. The highlights of the smartphone include 4G VoLTE support, a hybrid dual-SIM slot, a fingerprint sensor, an octa-core processor, and a 13-megapixel camera. Interestingly enough, the smartphone's price was slashed from Rs. 9,499 just two days after the official launch.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Meizu M5c With 2GB RAM, 3000mAh Battery Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Meizu , Meizu M5c , Meizu M5c Launch , Mobiles. Xiaomi Redmi 4 First Sale in India Sees 250,000 Units Sold in 8 Minutes. Meizu M5c With 2GB RAM, 3000mAh Battery Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. РАСПАКОВКА Meizu M5C - ДОСТУПНЫЙ КАЖДОМУ!. Top 5 Best Meizu Smartphones of 2017. Meizu M5c Review - Great Budget Camera Phone!. Обзор MEIZU M5C I Маленький стиляга 😎. Meizu M5c 89$ Распаковка САМОГО ЛУЧШЕГО БЮДЖЕТНИКА. Meizu m5c review | أرخص هاتف ذكي أنصح بيه. Xiaomi Redmi 4a or Meizu M5c - як вибрати?!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu M3s 4g Smartphone Meizu M5s 4g Smartphone 4g Smartphone Meizu 4g Smartphone Android Meizu. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 8.0MP Rear Camera. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus 4G Phablet 3GB RAM Global Version. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tip: Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. The ROM on this Phone supports OTA and is multi language. Main Features: MEIZU M5C 4G Smartphone 5.0 inch Android 6.0 MTK6737 Quad Core 1.3GHz 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 8.0MP Rear Camera Touch Sensor Display: 5.0 inch 1280 x 720 pixels screen CPU: MTK6737 Quad Core 1.3GHz System: Android 6.0 Storage: 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM Cameras: front 5.0MP + rear 8.0MP with AF and flash light Sensors: Accelerometer, E-Compass, Gravity Sensor, Gyroscope, Proximity Sensor Features: GPS, Glonass, A-GPS Bluetooth: 4.1 SIM Card: dual SIM dual standby, 2 Nano SIM cards Networks: GSM: 850/900/1800/1900MHz WCDMA: B1/B2/B5/B8 FDD-LTE: B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20 TDD-LTE: B38/B40. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Nano SIM Card. 2G: GSM 1800MHz,GSM 1900MHz,GSM 850MHz,GSM 900MHz. 3G: WCDMA B1 2100MHz,WCDMA B2 1900MHz,WCDMA B5 850MHz,WCDMA B8 900MHz. 4G LTE: FDD B1 2100MHz,FDD B20 800MHz,FDD B3 1800MHz,FDD B5 850MHz,FDD B7 2600MHz,FDD B8 900MHz,TDD B38 2600MHz,TDD B40 2300MHz. Screen resolution: 1280 x 720 (HD 720). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). I/O Interface: 2 x Nano SIM Slot,Micophone,Micro USB Slot,Speaker,TF/Micro SD Card Slot. Package size: 15.20 x 7.95 x 3.88 cm / 5.98 x 3.13 x 1.53 inches. Product size: 14.40 x 7.05 x 0.83 cm / 5.67 x 2.78 x 0.33 inches. FAQ for MEIZU M5C 4G Smartphone. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 0 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 0 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Coming soon | Launch Date in India: 2017, Coming soon |. 8MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. Meizu M5C comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core 1.3 GHz, Cortex-A53, MediaTek MT6737 that is coupled with ARM Mali-T720 MP2 GPU,. 2 GB RAM and 16 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 256 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Meizu M5C sports a 8 MP Camera with 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging, HDR.. Up front, the smartphone from Meizu makes use of a 5 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Meizu M5C includes Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot, 4.0, A2DP, LE, microUSB v2.0, with A-GPS. Dual Sim (Nano + Nano)(Hybrid Sim).. The Meizu M5C gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery.. The Meizu M5C runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smartphone Sim Dual Sim (Nano + Nano)(Hybrid Sim) ANNOUNCED Status Coming soon Global Release Date 23 May, 2017 Indian Release Date 2017, Coming soon BODY Weight 135 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core 1.3 GHz, Cortex-A53 GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP2 Chipset MediaTek MT6737 STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage RAM 2 GB RAM External Storage Up to 256 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 8 MP Camera Front Camera 5 MP Camera Video Recording 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging, HDR MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, FLAC, AAC, MIDI, M4A, AMR Video Player MP4, 3GP, AVI, FLV, MPEG Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, LE USB microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility with A-GPS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (16GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. 10.or G (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODAzNDQxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Exclusive interview with Leon Zhang, Meizu India. Meizu M5C launched: Price, Specifications and more May 23, 2017. Well, Meizu after releasing the teaser for its new smartphone which many were assuming it to be the Meizu M5C has now officially launched the device in China today. The smartphone will be a midrange smartphone and will come in. Is Meizu M5C launching tomorrow? May 22, 2017. Meizu has released a teaser to announce that it will be holding a launch event on May 23. The teaser images posted on the company's official Twitter account only contains a large C letter. Other than that, the Chinese smartphone manufacturer. Meizu M5C images leaked: Looks stylish and elegant May 20, 2017. Meizu who's been gaining a lot of popularity these days in the smartphone market is yet again set to launch a new smartphone soon. Well, after having recently launched the Meizu M5, it looks like the Chinese company is adding. Meizu m5 (32GB - 3GB RAM). Meizu m5 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Meizu M6 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Meizu M6 (32GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Ship to United States / USD. Contact Customer Service for order status and other after-sales issues. chat with Online Sales for more information before your purchase!. If you already made a purchase. If you are considering a purchase. [Spain Stock]MEIZU M5c M710H 5.0 Inch 4G LTE Smartphone 2GB 16GB MTK6737 Quad Core 8.0MP + 5.0MP Cam Android 6.0 3000mAh - Red. View Cart or Continue Shopping>>. US$ 109.99 + =. Add to Wishlist ( 2 ). The item has been added to your wish list.. Shipping Cost: Free Shipping to United States via UPS Expedited. This item in GeekBuying's ES warehouse only ships to the following. Spain / Portugal, France, Germany, Austria, Belgium, Holland, Italy, UK, Monaco, Denmark, Slovakia, Slovenia, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, Sweden, Switzerland, Poland, Ireland, Romania, Bulgaria, Estonia, Greece, Latvia, Norway, Lithuania. This item is stocked in Hongkong warehouse, it will be shipped seperately if ordered with goods from other warehouse. Russian, Spanish, German, French, Polish, Portuguese, Italian, Arabic, Herbrew, Korean, Indonesia, etc. G-sensor, P-sensor, L-sensor, Compass Sensor, IR Remote Control. 4G, WIFI, GPS, Bluetooth, Gesture Sensing, Smart Wake, Ebook, Email, Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, calculator, clock, camera, Google Play Store, tethering & portable hotspot, OTG, Digital Gyroscope, etc. 1 × EU Power Adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent as your shipping country). This phone will only work with 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. This phone will only work with 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. 5.0" HD 1280*720P, capacitive touch screen. CPU: MT6737 quad core A53 1.3GHz; GPU: Mali-T720. Flyme Powered By Android 6.0 OS,2GB RAM +16GB ROM, SD card support up to 128GB(not included). Dual cameras, front camera 5.0MP, Back cameras 8.0MP. Dual SIM card dual standby(Dual Nano SIM/One Nano Sim+TF card). 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. Operating System:Flyme Powered By Android 6.0 OS. Screen resolution:HD (1280×720 pixels) screen display. Wireless connectivity: GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. SIM card slot:Dual SIM card dual standby(Dual Nano SIM/One Nano Sim+TF card). Upload your photo to win 2 - 4 GeekPoints Customer Photos. Be the first to Upload A Photo of this product!. Upload your video to win 2 - 8 GeekPoints Customer Videos. Be the first to Upload A Video of this product!. Be the first to Write A. Text Review of this product!. 0% Good Reputation Rate. 4% Site-Wide OFF Subscribe to get exclusive offers and more savings!. [Spain Stock]MEIZU M5c M710H 5.0 Inch 4G LTE Smartphone 2GB 16GB MTK6737 Quad Core 8.0MP + 5.0MP Cam Android 6.0 3000mAh.... [Spain Stock]MEIZU M5c M710H 5.0 Inch 4G LTE Smartphone 2GB 16GB MTK6737 Quad Core 8.0MP + 5.0MP Cam Android 6.0 3000mAh - Red. English | Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português | Nederlands | Polski | Русский | Türkçe | ελληνικά | Magyar | لعربية | עברית | ไทย | 日本語. Note: GeekBuying reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice. Stock information may become invalid because of new orders and supply change.. Shipping Company Estimated Delivery Time Shipping Cost. *Please note: This is an estimated shipping fee, the actual shipping fee will be shown on the order page.. 
Home › Meizu › M5c Meizu M5c - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Meizu M5c List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Meizu M5c Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 3. Dimensions : 70.5 x 144 x 8.3 mm Weight : 135 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat) Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Meizu Model M5c Model alias Meilan 5c Blue Charm 5c M710H Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 70.5 mm (millimeters) 7.05 cm (centimeters) 0.23 ft (feet) 2.78 in (inches) Height 144 mm (millimeters) 14.4 cm (centimeters) 0.47 ft (feet) 5.67 in (inches) Thickness 8.3 mm (millimeters) 0.83 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.33 in (inches) Weight 135 g (grams) 0.3 lbs (pounds) 4.76 oz (ounces) Volume 84.26 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.12 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Rose-gold Blue Red Black Gold Body materials Polycarbonate SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz TD-SCDMA TD-SCDMA 1880-1920 MHz TD-SCDMA 2010-2025 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 850 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) LTE-TDD 2600 MHz (B38) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) TD-SCDMA TD-HSDPA Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat) System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 68.11 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch 2.5D curved glass screen GFF full lamination 1000:1 contrast ratio 400 cd/m² Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Fingerprint Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor model Samsung S5K4H8 Sensor type CMOS BSI (backside illumination) Sensor size 3.2 x 2.4 mm (millimeters) 0.16 in (inches) Pixel size 0.98 µm (micrometers) 0.00098 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 10.82 Aperture f/2.0 Focal length 2.5 mm (millimeters) 27.04 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode 5-element lens Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor model Samsung S5K5E8 Sensor type CMOS BSI (backside illumination) Sensor size 2.9 x 2.15 mm (millimeters) 0.14 in (inches) Pixel size 1.133 µm (micrometers) 0.001133 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 11.99 Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 2.5 mm (millimeters) 29.96 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) 4-element lens Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio No Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering VoLTE Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) QuickTime (.mov, .qt) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 37 h (hours) 2220 min (minutes) 1.5 days 2G stand-by time 360 h (hours) 21600 min (minutes) 15 days 3G talk time 37 h (hours) 2220 min (minutes) 1.5 days 3G stand-by time 360 h (hours) 21600 min (minutes) 15 days Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 1.5 A (amps) Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.78 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.79 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. TD-SCDMA (Time Division Synchronous Code Division Multiple Access) is a 3G standard for mobile networks. It is developed as an alternative to the W-CDMA standard in China by the Chinese Academy of Telecomunications Technology, Datang Telecom and Siemens AG, and combines TDMA and CDMA.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Standard Edition. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Standard Edition. Dimensions : 70.5 x 144 x 8.3 mm Weight : 135 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat) Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 128 GB. OS Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Flyme 6. Processor 1.3 GHz Quad-core 64-bit Processor. Camera resolution 8 MP with f/2.0 aperture. Meizu M5c with 3,000mAh battery, Flyme 6 OS launched: Specifications, features. Meizu M5c Vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A. Meizu M5c Vs Nokia 2730 classic. 5,890 Buy Now. Meizu M5c smartphone features a 5-inch HD display with GFF full lamination. The smartphone is powered by a 64-bit quad-core processor clocked at 1.3GHz paired with Mali-T720 GPU. The Meizu M5c comes with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage which is further expandable up to 128GB via a microSD card. In the photography department, the Meizu M5c sports an 8-megapixel rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. On the software front, the smartphone runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow based on Flyme 6 OS.. OS Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Flyme 6. Processor 1.3 GHz Quad-core 64-bit Processor. Camera 8 MP with f/2.0 aperture. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Marcia Sekhose on May 23, 2017 05:20 PM. The M5c is Meizu’s first global smartphone to launch with .... Write a Review on Meizu M5c. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Transfer iphone contacts to Meizu M5c. If you’re tired of Iphones and desire to switch to Android, the transition to Meizu M5c can at times be difficult. Indeed, if you switch from an Iphone to an Meizu M5c, you have got to transfer the list of contacts. As it can be not possible to copy everything.... Transfer photos from Meizu M5c to PC or Mac. It truly is essential that you can transfer the pretty photos you have taken with your Meizu M5c, to your computer or your Macintosh. Actually, whether it’s just to save the photos or to retouch them, you will have to transfer them to the computer or the Mac. Turn OFF Keyboard Vibrations On Meizu M5c. If perhaps you are using an Meizu M5c, you may have realized that it is vibrating when you make use of the keyboard. Each time you press a key, the smartphone starts vibrating. For a certain number of people, the vibrations of the keyboard are troublesome and can.... You have just purchased an Meizu M5c and when you turn it on, it displays the following error text: SIM card not recognized. Occasionally the Meizu M5c does not recognize the SIM card and displays this message. In this circumstance, it is not necessarily important to.... At times, the Meizu M5c displays the Authentication Problem message when you try to connect to a Wi-Fi network. This sort of error message can potentially sourced from many places. So, so that you may connect properly to the Wifi network with your Meizu M5c, we.... Track And Find the Meizu M5c. Having the capability to track her Meizu M5c is practical in several cases. In the 1st case, in case you have lost your Meizu M5c, it will likely be essential to track it to be able to find it. In another case, in case you were robbed of your mobile phone, it might be.... Setting up HotSpot or Tethering on Meizu M5c. Sharing the net connection of Meizu M5c in wifi is a very convenient feature on the Meizu M5c. Certainly, putting the Meizu M5c in modem mode afford them the ability to share the connection of the cellphone with your entourage or with your different devices. Set up Direct Wifi on Meizu M5c. Direct Wifi may be a really good way to transfer files with your Meizu M5c. In truth, Direct Wifi is perhaps the quickest way to transfer documents without using a cable. So if you want to find out the technique to use the Meizu M5c direct Wifi, let’s see how it.... Read and edit Pdf, Doc or Excel files on Meizu M5c. Being able to open and play a file on its Meizu M5c is becoming extremely practical. Truly, if you receive an attachment to a email, it practices to be able to read it on its Meizu M5c. Whether it can be a PDF file, a Doc file or an Excel file, it is possible to open.... Move apps to SD card on Meizu M5c. In some cases applications that are installed on the Meizu M5c take up a lot of space. It’s consequently very useful that you can move the applications to the SD card of your Meizu M5c. Indeed, this allows to free up storage space on the cellphone. Make a video call on Meizu M5c. Make a video call with an Meizu M5c is quite convenient. Indeed, it is a great solution if you would like to see the face of anyone you call. If you call anyone who is on the other side of the earth, it can be always great to observe his face. Updating Android on your Meizu M5c is a required operation if you need your mobile phone to be on top of its efficiency. In truth, the updates allow to bring a multitude of things that will make the use of your Meizu M5c more enjoyable. How to turn on 3G or 4G on Meizu M5c. If you would like to have access to the internet on your Meizu M5c, you will need to utilize the 3G or 4G network. It at times occurs for one reason or another that the 4G or 3G network of the Meizu M5c is deactivated. In this case, it is impossible for the cellphone.... How to transfer music to Meizu M5c. New telephones just like the Meizu M5c at this point allow you to listen to music. Thus, the mobile phones have steadily substituted the MP3 player. In fact, it is at this point easy to transfer and listen to music on its Meizu M5c. However, it can be at times a.... How to save the battery on Meizu M5c. Saving the battery of XXX might be a good solution in the event you always find yourself running on battery on your XXX. In fact, by the time that runs and in view of the frequency of use of our telephones, economizing a little battery is not a luxury. How to record calls on Meizu M5c. Recording a telephone conversation can be highly handy in a quantity of circumstances. Whether you wish to re-listen or keep it, it is always useful to record calls on your Meizu M5c. However, the Meizu M5c doesn’t natively provide the conversation recording and.... How to open and remove the shell on Meizu M5c. Opening the Meizu M5c and removing its hull might be an extremely useful operation in a great many situations. If you need to insert a SIM card or an SD memory card, you may possibly need to remove the cover and open the Meizu M5c. Opening the Meizu M5c is also.... How to insert the SIM card on Meizu M5c. Inserting the SIM card into your Meizu M5c is important if you wish to use your telephone. Certainly, the SIM card enables your Meizu M5c to be able to connect to the mobile network and consequently to make phone calls. Nevertheless, in case you just bought your Meizu.... How To Get Emojis On Meizu M5c. The emojis are present in every our discussions. Indeed, if you want to send a message with your Meizu M5c, it truly is always nice to embellish it with a great emojis. An emoji permits you to visually send an email to anyone. So , if you want in order to customize.... How To Delete Browser History on Meizu M5c. Delete the history of its Meizu M5c is a very handy operation. In fact, this allows to erase the traces of its past navigations. Whether it is to sell your phone, or just simply to avoid being targeted by advertisements, delete the history of your Meizu M5c is pretty.... How to change the ringtone on Meizu M5c. Changing the ringtone of your Meizu M5c is crucial if you would like to customize your Meizu M5c. In fact, you could possibly be sick and tired of the initial ringtone of your Meizu M5c. It is therefore likely to change the ringtone and even to set one of your music.... How to Backup Messages on Meizu M5c. TEXT MESSAGE is at this time one of the most used way of conversation. So, it is a complete part of our life that is found in our TEXT MESSAGE discussions. So, whether to keep a track or to keep a memory, it will be possible to save the SMS of your Meizu M5c. How to print with Meizu M5c. Printing a file from its Meizu M5c is extremely practical. Now that you can actually open all types of files from your mobile phone, you can actually also print them. In addition, it is frequently more simple to print something from the phone. So, no need to take his.... How to increase the Meizu M5c volume. Sometimes, the basic volume of the XXX does not be enough for the use you want to do with it. In fact, phones such as the XXX have a clamping at the level of the volume. Thus, the European legislation force the manufacturer to restrain the volume of their cell phones..... How to fix Meizu M5c Overheating issues. Often the Meizu M5c overheats and is incredibly hot when ever touched. Do not worry, this doesn’t mean that your Meizu M5c has a trouble. Indeed, it truly is quite common that a mobile phone overheats and this can result from many things. Fix Blurry Pictures On Meizu M5c. It occasionally occurs for no reason that the pictures of Meizu M5c are blurred. This is a rather frustrating issue because it prevents us from taking gorgeous pictures. In fact, it’s impossible to take a suitable picture if the picture is all blurred. Connect the Meizu M5c to the PC or Mac. Connecting your Meizu M5c to the PC or Macintosh is a actually practical operation for many situations. If you would like to transfer photos to your Meizu M5c, if you want to transfer your contacts, or if you want to copy files to the Meizu M5c, you need to connect.... Change the Text Message Ringtone on Meizu M5c. Changing the SMS ringtone of your Meizu M5c is essential if you want to be able to differentiate your cellphone. Indeed, like most telephones on the market, the Meizu M5c is under Android. Therefore, everyone has similar ringtone for his messages. Change the alarm ringtone on Meizu M5c. It frequently happens that we get tired with the ringing of the alarm of Meizu M5c. In truth, constantly having precisely the same alarm bell is somewhat boring. So if you need to wake up with a slightly diverse ringtone, we will see in this article how to change the.... Bluetooth is a really great technology for connecting devices to your wireless Meizu M5c. Nevertheless, it may happen that we have concerns connecting with the bluetooth of Meizu M5c. Whether it is to connect the Meizu M5c to a Bluetooth speaker, your car’s.... Block anonymous calls on Meizu M5c. Knowing how you can block anonymous calls you receive on your Meizu M5c is extremely important. Indeed, possibly you have happened to get calls from an unknown number in an interesting way. Whether it is telephone prospecting or someone who harasses you, it is.... My Meizu M5c turns off randomly. Occasionally the Meizu M5c shuts off by itself and for no particular reason. It’s highly frustrating, especially when you’re doing something. Do not worry, the fact that your Meizu M5c automatically switching off does not necessarily mean that it has a.... How to fix Meizu M5c black screen. Occasionally the screen of Meizu M5c stays black. This issue can occur in several situations. Often it occurs after the Meizu M5c falls. Other times, the screen stays black after a start, lock, or sleep. No matter the reason, do not be anxious, there are several tips.... How to fix a water damaged on Meizu M5c. Whether in the wc or in a swimming pool, it sometimes happens that the Meizu M5c is slipped in the water. However, it’s not because a telephone has fallen in the water that it is unavoidably dead. Indeed, it is feasible to redo an Meizu M5c that has fallen in.... Fix insufficient storage available on Meizu M5c. In the event that your Meizu M5c’s memory is full, you can actually not install an application or copy files. In truth, it from time to time happens that there is no more room on the memory of your Meizu M5c. Do not be anxious, it is extremely easy to free up.... How to Change language on Meizu M5c. If perhaps you bought your Meizu M5c abroad or if just a friend made you a joke, you probably need to change the language of your Meizu M5c. In fact, it is always more pleasurable to utilize its Meizu M5c when it is in a language that we know. Add a photo to contacts on Meizu M5c. Adding a picture on the contacts of its Meizu M5c will make utilization of the mobile phone much more enjoyable. That’s right, it is usually more pleasurable to see a picture when you are called, than a basic name. So if you want to see the pics of your father,.... How to set call forwarding on Meizu M5c. Call forwarding on the Meizu M5c is an extremely practical feature. Certainly, whenever you are in a circumstance where you need to transfer calls from one number to another number, this guideline is for you. Whether it is to divert calls from your business cellphone.... How to change wallpaper on Meizu M5c. It often happens that you desire to customise your Meizu M5c. To do this, it will be possible to change the wallpaper of the Meizu M5c. Indeed, you maybe are tired by the original wallpaper of the mobile. We will find on this page, that it can be extremely simple to.... How to change font in Meizu M5c. If you’re sick of your Meizu M5c’s initial font, you probably want to change it. Truly, a little personalization never hurts when it comes to font. Thus, let’s find what is the methodology to change fonts and reason why it can vary depending on the.... by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Jun 29, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Jun 29, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. by mcpolo | Jun 29, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu M5c. Page 1 sur 2 1 2 ». Search by phone Search by phone. Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Meizu M5C (2GB RAM/16GB ROM) - Gold. Meizu M5C (2GB RAM/16GB ROM) - Red. Meizu M5C (2GB RAM/16GB ROM) - Blue. Meizu M5C (2GB RAM/16GB ROM) - Black. Meizu M5C (2GB RAM/16GB ROM) - Pink. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
Ship to United States / USD. Contact Customer Service for order status and other after-sales issues. chat with Online Sales for more information before your purchase!. If you already made a purchase. If you are considering a purchase. [HK Stock]MEIZU M5c M710H 5.0 Inch 4G LTE Smartphone 2GB 16GB MTK6737 Quad Core 8.0MP + 5.0MP Cam Android 6.0 3000mAh - Red. View Cart or Continue Shopping>>. US$ 95.99 + =. Add to Wishlist ( 12 ). The item has been added to your wish list.. Shipping Cost: Free Shipping to United States via UPS Expedited. [HK Stock]Silver Metal Ring Holder Geekbuying Mobile Phone Stand Support For Smartphones/Tablets. [HK Stock]Kaisi 4 in 1 Sim Card Converter Adapter Kit Sim Card Slot Set Nano to Micro/Standard For iPhone 4/5 + Sim Tray Opener. Original price : US$ 103.97. This item is stocked in Hongkong warehouse, it will be shipped seperately if ordered with goods from other warehouse. Russian, Spanish, German, French, Polish, Portuguese, Italian, Arabic, Herbrew, Korean, Indonesia, etc. G-sensor, P-sensor, L-sensor, Compass Sensor, IR Remote Control. 4G, WIFI, GPS, Bluetooth, Gesture Sensing, Smart Wake, Ebook, Email, Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, calculator, clock, camera, Google Play Store, tethering & portable hotspot, OTG, Digital Gyroscope, etc. 1 × EU Power Adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent as your shipping country). This phone will only work with 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. This phone will only work with 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. 5.0" HD 1280*720P, capacitive touch screen. CPU: MT6737 quad core A53 1.3GHz; GPU: Mali-T720. Flyme Powered By Android 6.0 OS,2GB RAM +16GB ROM, SD card support up to 128GB(not included). Dual cameras, front camera 5.0MP, Back cameras 8.0MP. Dual SIM card dual standby(Dual Nano SIM/One Nano Sim+TF card). 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. Operating System:Flyme Powered By Android 6.0 OS. Screen resolution:HD (1280×720 pixels) screen display. Wireless connectivity: GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. 2G:GSM B2/B3/B5/B8; 3G:WCDMA B1/B2/B5/B8; 4G:FDD-LTE B1/B3/B5/B7/B8/B20. SIM card slot:Dual SIM card dual standby(Dual Nano SIM/One Nano Sim+TF card). Upload your photo to win 2 - 4 GeekPoints Customer Photos. Be the first to Upload A Photo of this product!. Upload your video to win 2 - 8 GeekPoints Customer Videos. Be the first to Upload A Video of this product!. Be the first to Write A. Text Review of this product!. 0% Good Reputation Rate. [HK Stock]ELEPHONE P8 Mini 5 Inch Smartphone 16.0MP Front Cam 2.5D FHD 4GB 64GB MT6750T Octa Core Android 7.0 Touch ID Metal Body Dual Rear Camera - Red. [HK Stock]HOMTOM ZOJI Z7 IP68 Waterproof 5.0 Inch HD 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 Screen 2GB 16GB 8.0MP MT6737 Android 6.0 Smartphone Touch ID 3000mAh - Black. [HK Stock][US Version]ZTE Nubia N1 Lite NX597J 5.5 Inch 4G LTE Smartphone HD Screen MTK6737 Quad Core 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 3000mAh Touch ID - Black Gold. 4% Site-Wide OFF Subscribe to get exclusive offers and more savings!. [HK Stock]MEIZU M5c M710H 5.0 Inch 4G LTE Smartphone 2GB 16GB MTK6737 Quad Core 8.0MP + 5.0MP Cam Android 6.0 3000mAh - .... [HK Stock]MEIZU M5c M710H 5.0 Inch 4G LTE Smartphone 2GB 16GB MTK6737 Quad Core 8.0MP + 5.0MP Cam Android 6.0 3000mAh - Red. English | Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português | Nederlands | Polski | Русский | Türkçe | ελληνικά | Magyar | لعربية | עברית | ไทย | 日本語. Note: GeekBuying reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice. Stock information may become invalid because of new orders and supply change.. Shipping Company Estimated Delivery Time Shipping Cost. *Please note: This is an estimated shipping fee, the actual shipping fee will be shown on the order page.. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... Finding the best price for the Meizu M5c is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Meizu M5c at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. Meilan 5c , Blue Charm 5c. May 2017, 9 months ago. 70.5 mm x 144.0 mm x 8.3 mm. 720 x 1280 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 40 cm away. - More smartphones with MediaTek MT6737 (1.3Ghz) processor. - More smartphones with 2GB RAM memory. 26.500 Overall performance better than 41% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 9-15 GB). - More smartphones with 16GB of internal storage. 2909 Songs , 6400 Photos and 228 Videos. Slot for SD or second SIM card. - More smartphones with Dual LED. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). - More smartphones with FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat) operating system. Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) J120H Dual. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 3GB 32GB Global. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Meizu M5c vs Meizu M5s Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (6.0), Meizu Flyme UI Android (6.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions 5.67 x 2.78 x 0.33 inches (144 x 70.51 x 8.3 mm) 5.83 x 2.85 x 0.33 inches (148.2 x 72.5 x 8.4 mm). Weight 4.76 oz (135 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.04 oz (143 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Plastic Main body: Aluminum. Colors Black, Gold, Pink, Blue, Red Gold, Gray, Silver, Pink. Physical size 5.0 inches 5.2 inches. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Panorama, Effects Burst mode, Panorama. Camcorder 1280x720 (720p HD) (30 fps) 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling, Video sharing Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 5 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm Octa-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. 2 GB RAM 3 GB RAM. up to 128 GB up to 128 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring Wireless screen share Wireless screen share. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20 Bands 1, 3, 7. LTE (TDD) Bands 38, 40 Bands 38, 40. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots, Yes 2 slots, Yes. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 23 May 2017 15 Feb 2017. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Nokia 8 Sirocco: Let’s Find Out in the Hands On Review That What It Is Offers Us. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs OnePlus 5T First Look Review to Know Which One is Better to Buy. MediaTek Presents Helio P60: 12nm FinFET and With Integrated AI Support. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia joins the Reduced Frames With Android One and It Will Go On Sale In April. Huawei MediaPad M5 and M5 10 Pro Officially Announced; Specs, Features and Pricing. Vivo APEX FullView Concept Phone Hands-On With Periscope Camera and 98% Screen To Body Ratio. Xiaomi Mi 7 Leaked Images Reveal Front and Rear Design. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ Gets Unveiled at MWC 2018 with Stellar Cameras, Robust Specs, Improved Design. You are at: Home » APS Products » Meizu M5C. Flyme 6 OS based on Android 7.0 (Nougat). The overall rating is based on review by our experts. Meizu M5C Officially Announces with Four Colors, 135g Weight. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. TF card slot, USB slot, Audio output, Microphone,Speaker. Gravity sensor, Infrared distance sensor, gyroscope, light sensor,touch sensor, electronic compass. Be the first to add a Review. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Select Language العربية Nederlands English Français Deutsch Italiano Latin Português Русский Español. Nokia 8 Sirocco: Let’s Find Out in the Hands On Review That What It Is Offers Us. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs OnePlus 5T First Look Review to Know Which One is Better to Buy. MediaTek Presents Helio P60: 12nm FinFET and With Integrated AI Support. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia joins the Reduced Frames With Android One and It Will Go On Sale In April. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s vs Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Huawei P20 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. Igeekphone.com provides the first China tech news and reviews about smartphone, tablets, RC drones, VR headset, and other accessories. It's the best platform to improve your brand and product. Contact us : info@igeekphone.com. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs OnePlus 5T First Look Review to Know Which One is Better to Buy. Freesat V7S TV Signal Recevier Set| HD 1080P DVB-S2| Design, Features Review (Coupon Inside). Xiaomi HUAMI AMAZFIT Stratos Smart Watch 2| 512MB Ram & 4GB Rom 1.34-inch Touchscreen| Design, Hardware, Features Review. 3G WIFI Car DVR GPS Smart BT Rearview Mirror| 7″ TOUCH SCREEN, 1080P Android 5.0| Just at $98 (Coupon Inside). Xiaomi Mi 7 Leaked Images Reveal Front and Rear Design. Xiaomi has confirmed that it will be launching the Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S smartphone on…. Xiaomi HUAMI AMAZFIT Stratos Smart Watch 2| 512MB Ram & 4GB Rom 1.34-inch Touchscreen| Design, Hardware, Features Review. The Xiaomi HUAMI AMAZFIT Stratos SmartWatch 2 was very impressive on the hardware front, but…. Xiaomi MI MIX 2S Release Date and Antutu Score Confirmed By Official. trailer said, today Xiaomi phone officially announces. Xiaomi MI MIX 2S will be released…. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S: Is It Worth Buying This Smartphone?. On February 26, Xiaomi will present its news in MWC 2018 and despite leaving out…. Copyright © 2016 IGeekphone .. 
Home Meizu M5c - SAR values. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 3. Dimensions : 70.5 x 144 x 8.3 mm Weight : 135 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat) Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Body SAR (EU), other Meizu models Body SAR (EU) of Meizu M5c, data about other Meizu models with the same or similar body SAR values. Head SAR (EU), models by other brands Head SAR (EU) of Meizu M5c and information about models by other brands with the same or similar head SAR values. Body SAR (EU), models by other brands Body SAR (EU) of Meizu M5c and information about models by other brands with the same or similar body SAR values.. 0.8 W/kg 0.823 W/kg 1.16 W/kg 1.46 W/kg 1.79 W/kg. 0.776 W/kg 0.777 W/kg 0.777 W/kg 0.778 W/kg 0.779 W/kg 0.78 W/kg 0.78 W/kg 0.78 W/kg 0.782 W/kg 0.784 W/kg 0.784 W/kg 0.784 W/kg 0.785 W/kg. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Global Edition. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Special Edition. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Standard Edition. 1.765 W/kg 1.77 W/kg 1.77 W/kg 1.77 W/kg 1.78 W/kg 1.78 W/kg 1.79 W/kg 1.79 W/kg 1.801 W/kg 1.806 W/kg 1.81 W/kg 1.83 W/kg 1.835 W/kg. Dimensions : 70.5 x 144 x 8.3 mm Weight : 135 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat) Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Processor (Clock) : Quad-Core 1.3GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Memory : 2GB, 640 MHz. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.0 inches HD display. Camera Overview : 8 Megapixels / 5 Megapixels. OS Version : FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat). The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). Alternative Names – Meilan 5c, Blue Charm 5c. Device Type – Android 4G Smartphone. CPU – Quad-Core 1.3GHz ARM Cortex-A53. GPU – ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 550MHz. Camera – 8 Megapixels with Dual-LED and AF Rear Camera | 5 Megapixel Front camera. Memory – RAM- 2GB | ROM 16GB External Memory Support up to 128GB (Uses SIM 2 Slot). Display – Screen size 5.0 inches HD (1280×720 Pixels). Battery – Non-Removable 3,000 mAh Lithium-Ion. SIM – Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano + Nano/microSD). Sensors -Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light, Fingerprint, Compass, Gyroscope. Color – Blue, Black, Gold, Red, Rose-Gold. Operating System – FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat). I/O Interface – 1x Nano SIM Card Slot, 1x Nano SIM Card Slot or microSD/TF Card Slot, Micro USB Port, 3.5mm Audio Out Port, Power Button, Volume Button, Microphone, Speaker. Dimensions – 144 x 70.5 x 8.3 mm. Weight – 135 Grams (With Battery). More Features – Meizu M5c Comes with Polycarbonate Body Design, LTE 50 Mbps, HSPA plus, LTE CAT4 150 Mbps Download, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 21 Mbps Download, Computer Sync, OTA Sync, Tethering, 2.5D Curved Glass Screen, Corning Gorilla Glass, OneMind Artificial Intelligence, Smart Power Saving Mode, Rounded Edges, Social Networking Services and Apps.. Original MEIZU M5C Global Version M710H 2GB 16/32 GB Cell phone MTK6737 Quad Core 64Bit CPU 5.0".... MEIZU M5C 4G Smartphone 5.0 inch Android 6.0 MTK6737. Meizu m5c Global Version M710H 5.0 inch 2GB RAM 16GB ROM MT6737 Quad Core 4G Smartphone. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 144 x 70.5 x 8.3 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 1280 x 720 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Yes with Dual-LED Flash, (Dual Color Flash). 5 Megapixel with ArcSoft Beauty Technology. Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Cache Memory is also known as CPU memory having large cache memory improve the performance of the device.Cache memory is categorized as levels such as Level 1 (L1) cache, Level 2 (L2) cache, and Level 3 (L3) cache. Memory Speed measured in MHz or GHz. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. 16 KB + 16 KB (L1). Yes External Memory Support up to 128GB (Uses SIM 2 Slot). Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / UMTS / LTE. GSM : 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. UMTS : 850 / 2100 MHz. LTE : 800 / 1800 / 1900 / 2600 MHz. LTE-TDD : 2500 MHz (Band 41). Yes with Hybrid Dual SIM support. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Audio Player, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Navigation, Flashlight, Email, Clock, E-book, Calendar, Calculator, Notebook, World Clock, Stopwatch, Browser, FM Radio, Sound Recorder, Flyme Apps, Vas Apps. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, OGG, MKA, APE, FLAC, MIDI, WMA, M4A, MP3, AMR, AAC, eAAC+. 3GP, H.263, H.264, MKV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, M4V. Yes Support JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP. Yes with 3.5mm Audio Out Port. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, 802.11n 5GHz, Wi-Fi Direct, Dual Band, Wi-Fi Hotspot. Micro USB v2.0 With Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP, LE Profile. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. LTE 50 Mbps, HSPA plus, LTE CAT4 150 Mbps Download, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 21 Mbps Download. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from Meizu. Meizu Pro 6 Plus 64GB Smartphone Full Specification. Meizu M1 Metal Smartphone Full Specification. Meizu Pro 7 Standard Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 7 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950F Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Meizu / Meizu M5c Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 0 User Ratings 0 Questions & Answers. Meizu M5c runs Android 7.0 Nougat. The smartphone has a 5-inch HD display. It has an 8MP rear camera with a dual-tone LED flash and a 5MP front-facing camera. The device is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek processor and 2GB RAM. It has 16GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a Li-Ion 3,000 mAh battery .. Expected Price: ₹ 7,699. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you as soon as the phone is on sale/available.. You will be informed when the mobile is launched.. Add extension and get notified as soon as the phone is on sale/available.. You will be informed when the mobile is launched.. Meizu M5c Release Date Status Upcoming Mobile Expected Price Rs. 7699 Launch Date 20th February 2018 Updated On 26th February 2018. Meizu M5c Price in India Meizu M5c price in India is expected to be Rs. Meizu M5c is due to be launched in February, 2018. The 16GB variant costs around Rs. The Meizu M5c comes in multiple colour options like Black, Blue, Red, Gold, Rose Gold which are also priced the same.. The Meizu M5c is an entry-level smartphone that runs Android 7.0 Nougat. The device is available is multiple colours and boasts a 5-inch HD display which is bright, but the display suffers once you head out in the sun.. At its heart, the device is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek chipset and 2GB of RAM that handles the task with ease, but the performance tends to go down while multitasking. Image lovers can indulge in photography even in dark conditions as there is an 8-megapixel primary shooter aided with a dual-tone LED flash. On the front, the smartphone hosts a 5-megapixel front-facing shooter.. For storing files, data, and apps, the smartphone ships with 16GB of onboard storage space which can be expanded based on user requirement up to 256GB using the Hybrid SIM slot. The Hybrid SIM slot can be used either to use a SIM card or a microSD card. The smartphone is fuelled by a non-removable Li-Ion 3,000mAh battery.. To help you remain connected with the outside world, there are options like 4G , Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth 4.0, and a microUSB 2.0 port.. Meizu introduces the M5c with a 5? HD display and Flyme 6 OS. Meizu today announced its latest M-series device the M5c The new smartphone is targeted at the global market and packs pretty decent hardware inside a polycarbonate body Of course the main reason why someone would consider getting the M5c is its affordable priceThe budget handset comes with. Please ask the question in above box. Does it have an inbuilt battery?. This question has no answers yet. Meizu M5c Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720x1080 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 218 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Software Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Camera Primary 8 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 128GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3000 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB MicroUSB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired MicroUSB v2.0 Processor No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.3 GHz Make MediaTek Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Meizu mobile price list in India. Lenovo K6 Power price (Rs. Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro price (Rs. Redmi 4 price in India (Rs. Redmi Y1 Lite price in India (Rs. Redmi 5 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Meizu M5c. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Meizu M5c Price in India is Rs. 7,699 as on 26th February 2018 15:42:15. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
