Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~196 ppi density). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 - user opinions and reviews. hi sir !How to use otg connect this device. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi 3 Sony Xperia XA Ultra. Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax A106 Unite 2 Micromax Canvas Spark Q380 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Micromax Canvas 2 Q4310. 
Find latest Reviews, ratings, Unboxing, Mobile phone launches, Cameras, gadgets, technology news updates. Compare popular Android, iphone, tablets, gadgets, tech and know prices, specifications, features, pros, cons, reviews.. Home Review and Unboxing Products Specs Mobile Phones Compare Mobiles Cameras Android Computer Telecom Check find Fix Errors Tutorial Tips & Tricks Best Top Build Pc Definition. Search for reviews, tech news, gadgets, tutorials, mobiles phones, how to, check find, Tips, Tricks. Home Micromax Mobiles Specifications Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 fb g+ Tweet Linked-in Comments. BUY NOW About Full name Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Manufacturer Micromax Model Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Type Smartphone Price in India RS.3999 Launch Release Date April, 2016. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Specifications 5.0-inch display, at 195 ppi / dpi (pixels per inch) 1.3GHz 4-core processor 1GB RAM 8GB internal memory 5 Megapixel main camera 2000 -mAh battery Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Price Full technical specifications pros cons info, key features, VS, Root, Hard reset, screenshots, user manual drivers, Buying price, product detail - Know Review Tips. Model : MMX Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Smartphone Released on April, 2016.. Price Price in India 3999 INR Price in USA (USD) $ 60 in UK £ 39 GBP MRP in Canadian Dollar 79 CAD in Australia 85 AUD in EURO 54 EUR BUY FROM Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Features Network Technology GSM / HSPA Frequency Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900; HSDPA 900 / 2100 Speed 3G GPRS Yes, Class 12 EDGE Yes ZTE Star 2 with Snapdragon 801, 5inch FHD screen launched : price and specs Lenovo S5000-f 7 tablet launched in India : Price & Specs Body Dimensions 145 x 73.4 x 9.8 mm Weight 176 grams SIM Dual SIM Display Type IPS LCD Size 5.0 inch Resolution 480 x 854 pixels Touch Yes Protection Platform OS Android Soft Version v6.0 Marshmallow Chipset Mediatek CPU Quad-core 1.3GHz GPU Memory Expandable microSD, up to 32GB Internal / ROM 8GB RAM 1GB Camera Rear Camera 5 MP Features LED flash, fixed focus Video Recording Yes Front Camera 2MP Sound / Video Fm Radio FM radio Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Video playback Full HD Connectivity WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth v4.0 GPS Yes, with A-GPS USB microUSB v2.0 USB OTG Other Sensors Sensors Accelerometer, proximity SAR Battery Battery Removable Li-Ion 2000mAh Stand-by 350 h Talk time 7 h Colors Colors Black, Metallic Grey, Copper Gold, Champagne Gold Accessories in the Box USB DATA CABLE, Charger, User Guide, Handsfree, Warrant Card Documentation Pros and Cons Advantages CPU, Disadvantages Display, Main Rivals VS , Intex Cloud 4G Star, Coolpad Dazen 1, Blu Win HD LTE, Samsung Galaxy J1, Micromax Canvas Xpress 2 E313, Swipe Elite 2, Xiaomi Redmi 1s, Aqua Craze, Intex Aqua Wing and Aqua Raze,ZTE Blade Qlux 4G, Phicomm Energy 653 4G, Lenovo A7000, Yu Yuphoria, MOTO E 2nd gen E2, Intex Aqua Fish, Xolo Era 4K, Infocus M2 4G, Xolo Era X, Lenovo A6000 Plus, Era 4G, Yu Yunique, Intex Cloud Crystal 2.5D, Micromax Canvas Spark Q380, Asus ZenFone Go ‏4.5 ZC451TG. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 MRP in INR / dollars / Prijs Prix preço цена rega: Sweden, Switzerland, Serbia, Bolivia, Kiribati, Bhutan, Marshall Islands, Congo, United Kingdom, Ireland, Botswana, South Africa, Iceland, Togo, Sao Tome and Principe, Brazil, Korea, Hong Kong, Luxembourg, Brunei, Mauritius, Kuwait,Chennai Delhi Bangalore Kolkata Hyderabad UP Pune Mumbai Albania, Guatemala, Uganda, Chad, Belarus, Nepal, Andorra, Equatorial Guinea, Argentina, Guinea-Bissau, Sri Lanka, Cote d-Ivoire, Lesotho, Poland, Bulgaria, Republic of the, Kyrgyzstan, Belgium, Slovakia, Sudan, Mali, Tonga, United Arab Emirates, Palestinian Territories, Hungary, Netherlands Antilles, Uzbekistan, Fiji, Comoros, Thailand, South, Romania, Suriname, Canada, Chile, Tanzania, Gambia, Congo, North Korea, Vietnam, Tunisia, Micronesia, Zambia, Cyprus, Djibouti, Timor-Leste, Cameroon, Portugal, Palau, Nicaragua, Ukraine, Japan, Russia, Curacao, Madagascar, Honduras, Democratic Republic of the, Qatar, Bosnia and Herzegovina, China, Burkina Faso, Venezuela, Laos, Ecuador, Korea, Morocco, Malaysia, Kenya, Montenegro, Aruba, Algeria, Liberia, Rwanda, Costa Rica, Liechtenstein, Ethiopia, South Korea, Greece, Kosovo, Saudi Arabia, Solomon Islands, Tajikistan, Sint Maarten, The Georgia, Bahamas, Macau, Burundi, Australia, Sierra Leone, Namibia, Mexico, Holy See, Norway, Uruguay, Haiti, Preis Germany, The Bahrain, Paraguay, Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Taiwan, Latvia, Papua New-Guinea, Macedonia, Guyana, India, Gabon, Nigeria, Philippines, Mongolia, Turkey, Somalia, Mozambique, Dominica, Vanuatu, Belize, Barbados, Singapore, South Sudan, Trinidad and Tobago, Oman, Angola, Mauritania, Swaziland, Lithuania, Ghana, Saint Lucia, Turkmenistan, Harga in Indonesia, Netherlands, Pakistan, Lebanon, Colombia, Benin, Slovenia, Guinea, Cambodia, Jamaica, Cape Verde, Armenia, Senegal, Jordan, France, Niger, Cuba, Malta, Nauru, Estonia, Eritrea, El Salvador, San Marino, Egypt, Denmark, Finland, Croatia, Kazakhstan, Seychelles, North, Dominican Republic, Samoa, Maldives, Peru, Tuvalu, Panama, precio Spain, Saint Kitts and Nevis, cena Czech Republic, Burma, Libya, Moldova, Monaco, Central African Republic, East Timor (see Timor-Leste), New Zealand, Azerbaijan, Syria, Grenada, prezzo in Italy, Israel, Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Malawi, Bangladesh, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and Zimbabwe. Related Articles Xiaomi Mi5 Gionee M4 Marathon XOLO Q700i XOLO Q1100. How to take Screenshot in Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 photos, images phone, Unlock for free via Hard reset Factory reset, root. Buy Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 cases, Flip covers, tempered glass screen protector from sale and check pictures, latest offers updates available for lowest price best buy online top internet deals, discount cashback from Tesco flipkart, Amazon India, Kogan, Staples, USA, Amazon UK , Newegg, JB Hi-Fi, Snapdeal, Ebay, Aliexpress, Alibaba, Overstock, Shopclues, Walmart, BestBuy, Argos, etc. Drivers and Guide or Instruction / User Manual. Know APN NET settings details for 2G / 4G / 3G / GPRS, know complete technical specifications and contract mobile phone plans. Solve fix cellphones errors stuck on logo, slow running, lag issues, crashing, tech Tips to make it run faster (speed optimization).. CATEGORIES Micromax Mobiles Specifications. TAGS micromax micromax canvas quad core. Micromax Canvas Fire 2 A104 Micromax Canvas Win W121 Micromax Bolt Q324 Micromax Q340 Canvas Selfie 2 Micromax Canvas Nitro 3 E352 Micromax Canvas Tab P666 Micromax Canvas Spark Q380 Micromax Bolt S302. Post Your Opinion Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Micromax Canvas Amaze 4G Q491 Lenovo Phab PB1-750M. Apple Samsung Alcatel Asus BLU BQ Celkon Coolpad Gionee HTC Huawei iBall InFocus Intex Karbonn Lava Lenovo LG Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MyPHONE Nokia Oneplus Oppo Panasonic SONY Spice Videocon Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo YU Zopo ZTE. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Huawei Honor 7X BND-L21. BlitzWolf BW-F4 xBass Bluetooth Speaker Review and unboxing. Twitter Facebook YouTube Google + plus. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace SM-J110H/DD YU Yunique YU4711 Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J700F Samsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500F Micromax Canvas 5 E481. TOP BEST ANDROID Phone with 4G LTE under 5000 RS / $100 USD Best Android Phones Under 15000 RS / $250 USD Best Android Phones with 3G RAM Under RS 15000 / $250 Best Android Phones under 25000 RS or $400 USD. How to Switch / Change 2G to 3G 4G LTE only Network mode in Android Phone How to Configure Internet APN Settings on any Android phone How to Remove or Add Google Gmail Account on Android Phone How to Clear App Data, Cache, Defaults and Force stop in Android phone. Copyright © 2013 - 2018 KnowReviewTip.com is a Property of MSEOZ .. ALL rights reserved | Know Review Tips About | Advertise | Contact | Privacy Policy and Disclaimer. Share on facebook status Share on Google Plus Share as Tweet Share on Linkedin Business profile. 
Find latest Reviews, ratings, Unboxing, Mobile phone launches, Cameras, gadgets, technology news updates. Compare popular Android, iphone, tablets, gadgets, tech and know prices, specifications, features, pros, cons, reviews.. Home Review and Unboxing Products Specs Mobile Phones Compare Mobiles Cameras Android Computer Telecom Check find Fix Errors Tutorial Tips & Tricks Best Top Build Pc Definition. Search for reviews, tech news, gadgets, tutorials, mobiles phones, how to, check find, Tips, Tricks. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 VS Videocon Z55 Delite Comparison fb g+ Tweet Linked-in. About Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Videocon Z55 Delite Manufacturer Micromax Videocon Name Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Videocon Z55 Delite Model Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Z55 Delite Type Smartphone Smartphone Launch Announced April, 2016 August, 2015 Price MRP in India RS : 3999 RS : 6490 Price in USA $ 66 USD 108 USD Network Technology GSM / HSPA GSM / HSPA Frequency Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900; HSDPA 900 / 2100 GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 ;HSDPA 900 / 2100 Speed 3G 3G GPRS Yes, Class 12 Yes EDGE Yes Yes Body Dimensions 145 x 73.4 x 9.8 mm 144.6 x 71.8 x 8.6 mm Weight 176 grams SIM Dual SIM Dual Sim Display Type IPS LCD IPS Size 5.0 inch 5 inch Resolution 480 x 854 pixels 1280 x 720 pixels Touch Yes Yes Protection Dragontrail X Glass Platform OS Android Android Soft Version v6.0 Marshmallow v4.4.2 KitKat Chipset Mediatek Mediatek MT6592 CPU Quad-core 1.3GHz 1.4GHz octa-core GPU Mali 450 Memory Expandable microSD, up to 32GB up to 32GB Internal / ROM 8GB 8GB RAM 1GB 1GB Camera Rear Camera 5 MP 8MP Features LED flash, fixed focus LED Flash, Auto Focus Video Recording Yes HD Front Camera 2MP 5MP Sound / Video Fm Radio FM radio Yes Loudspeaker Yes Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Yes Video playback Full HD Full HD Connectivity WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth v4.0 v4 GPS Yes, with A-GPS Yes USB microUSB v2.0 microUSB v2.0 USB OTG Other Sensors Sensors Accelerometer, proximity Proximity, Accelerometer, Ambeint light SAR. 0.6210 W/Kg Battery Battery Removable Li-Ion 2000mAh 2200mAh Stand-by 350 h 96 h Talk time 7 h 6 h Colors Colors Black, Metallic Grey, Copper Gold, Champagne Gold Black + Gold, White + Silver. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. 5.0-inch display, at 195 ppi / dpi (pixels per inch) 1.3GHz 4-core processor 1GB RAM 8GB internal memory 5 Megapixel main camera 2000 -mAh battery Android 6.0 Marshmallow. 5-inch display, at 293 ppi / dpi (pixels per inch) 1.4GHz 8-core processor 1GB RAM 8GB internal memory 8 Megapixel main camera 2200 -mAh battery Android 4.4. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 VS Videocon Z55 Delite Full Comparison by price, specifications, features, reviews, ratings, pros and cons. Check the difference between Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 and Videocon Z55 Delite & know which one is Better.. Popular Comparisons Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Huawei Honor 4A Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs LG G Stylo CDMA Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Coolpad Dazen Note 3 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Lava Iris X10 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE SM-G313 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Lava Iris Alfa Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs XOLO Q1020 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Infocus M350 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Pro Q465 Videocon Z55 Delite vs ZTE Smart ultra 6 Videocon Z55 Delite vs Micromax Canvas Fire 5 Q386 Videocon Z55 Delite vs XOLO Q1010i Videocon Z55 Delite vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 64GB Videocon Z55 Delite vs Lava Iris X5 4G Videocon Z55 Delite vs Xolo Cube 5.0 1GB Videocon Z55 Delite vs Lenovo K8 Note XT1902 Videocon Z55 Delite vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X Videocon Z55 Delite vs Lenovo Phab PB1-750M. Apple Samsung Alcatel Asus BLU BQ Celkon Coolpad Gionee HTC Huawei iBall InFocus Intex Karbonn Lava Lenovo LG Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MyPHONE Nokia Oneplus Oppo Panasonic SONY Spice Videocon Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo YU Zopo ZTE. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Huawei Honor 7X BND-L21. BlitzWolf BW-F4 xBass Bluetooth Speaker Review and unboxing. Twitter Facebook YouTube Google + plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Huawei Honor 7X BND-L21. TOP BEST ANDROID Phone with 4G LTE under 5000 RS / $100 USD Best Android Phones Under 15000 RS / $250 USD Best Android Phones with 3G RAM Under RS 15000 / $250 Best Android Phones under 25000 RS or $400 USD. BSNL, Airtel, Idea, Vodafone, Reliance, Tata Docomo 3G, 2G Internet DATA PLANS & how to activate APN Internet Setting for T-mobile, At&T, Verizon, h20, net10, Tata Docomo, BSNL, Idea, Vodafone, Reliance, Airtel, Aircel How To build make a gaming PC for under 500 $ or RS 30000 ( INTEL VS AMD ) How to Know check my own Mobile Number : Airtel, idea, Vodafone, Tata Docomo, Reliance, Bsnl, Aircel, MTNL, Videocon, Virgin, Uninor Check your OWN Mobile Number in T-mobile SIM, Orange, Virgin, EE, Talkmobile, Tesco Mobile, Three, O2, Vodafone, MTS, China UNICOM, America Movil, MTS, Telenor, Telecel. Copyright © 2013 - 2018 KnowReviewTip.com is a Property of MSEOZ .. ALL rights reserved | Know Review Tips About | Advertise | Contact | Privacy Policy and Disclaimer. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: « 1 2 3 4 ». Anonymous, 13 Feb 2017 by update your handsat in 4g service. it may convert into 4g handset How to update my phone. Which colour is better grey,copper gold,champane gold. I think i have to buy this mobile for your thik which colour is best for buy help. sharu, 03 Nov 2016 Micromax canvas spark 2 support OTG does not support otg?. its good phone but its camera rear is blurring images. I just ordered one from shopcj.com on Dec 2016. Have marshmallow 6.0 latest but 1 GB ram overall nice but sometimes hangup because of high graphic games. camera not worthy 5mp poor quality and found covers very seldom. Found cool back cover on latestone.com. thinking to dispose soon and buy new one may be MI or vivo or oppo. Anonymous, 13 Feb 2017 by update your handsat in 4g service. it may convert into 4g handset How can you convert 3g into 4g understand me show me. pintu, 07 Feb 2017 micromax Q350 4g support by update your handsat in 4g service. it may convert into 4g handset. pintu, 07 Feb 2017 micromax Q350 4g support is this support 4g jio?. kunal, 27 Jan 2017 how we upgrade this phone in 4g micromax Q350 4g support. Hayder Ali Sekh, 19 Dec 2016 Micromax Q350 support 4G Jio ? yes. phone memory is very less..showing only 3gb.if i lock the phone during download the download get automatically stop... Notification issues and takes time to respond to SIM Card for internet. how we upgrade this phone in 4g. Anonymous, 07 Jan 2017 4g model no jio 4g. babu, 22 Nov 2016 micromax canvas spark 2 plus jio sim support. Hayder Ali Sekh, 19 Dec 2016 Micromax Q350 support 4G Jio ? No. Hayder Ali Sekh, 19 Dec 2016 Micromax Q350 support 4G Jio ? yes...... babu, 22 Nov 2016 micromax canvas spark 2 plus jio sim support. Micromax Q350 support 4G Jio ?. Pages: « 1 2 3 4 ». Total of 62 user reviews and opinions for Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi 3 Sony Xperia XA Ultra. Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax A106 Unite 2 Micromax Canvas Spark Q380 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Micromax Canvas 2 Q4310. 
The server encountered an internal error or. misconfiguration and was unable to complete. Please contact the server administrator at. webmaster@findmobileprice.thetechbone.com to inform them of the time this error occurred,. and the actions you performed just before this error.. More information about this error may be available. Additionally, a 500 Internal Server Error. error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.. 
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Main navigation. Database of GSM USB Drivers for all Android Devices. Home Samsung Lenovo Asus OnePlus Vivo Xiaomi Huawei BLU Search for any device.... Download Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 USB Drivers Reader Interactions Primary Sidebar. Home › Micromax › Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 USB Drivers. Having trouble connecting Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 to PC? It might be a driver problem, so just download Micromax USB Drivers and install them on Windows 10, 7, 8, 8.1 or XP PC. The Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 USB Drivers provided here are official and are virus free. Based on your need download USB Driver for Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 from the downloads section and install it on Windows PC by following the instructions provided below.. With Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 USB Driver installed on PC, we can establish a secure connection between Computer and Mobile. This helps in transferring data like images, video, documents and other files to and fro from Mobile to PC. We have also provided Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 ADB and Fastboot drivers which helps in passing commands to Phone via Command Prompt (CMD).. There are three types of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 USB Drivers available for download. Two of them can be used for flashing Stock Firmware and other stuff, basically for development purpose and the third one can be used for normally connecting your device to Computer or Laptop.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Driver for Flashing Firmware. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 VCOM Drivers for Flashing Firmware. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 USB Driver for normal connecting to PC. The Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Fastboot and ADB drivers can be downloaded below.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 ADB and Fastboot Drivers. Also Download: Micromax Bolt supreme 4 Q352 USB Drivers. How to Install Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 USB Drivers Manually:. Step 1 : Download and extract the driver on your computer.. Step 2 : Open Device Manager and Click on “ Action “.. Step 3 : Now Click on “ Add legacy hardware “.. Note : If the “ Add legacy hardware ” option is missing then click on the empty space inside the Device Manager and then click on “ Action “. Now you should see “ Add legacy hardware ” option.. Step 4 : Click Next .. Step 5 : Select “ Install the hardware that I manually select from a list (Advanced) “.. Step 6 : Select “ Show All Devices ” and Click on “ Have Disk… ”. Step 7 : Click on Browse .. Step 8 : Locate the extracted driver manually on your computer.. Step 9 : Click Open. Step 10 : Choose the Driver you want to install and then Click on Next .. Step 11 : Your Driver will be installed and listed in the Device Manager.. Step 12 : If you see additional drivers in Step 10 , then follow the instructions from Step 3 to Step 9 again and choose the driver listed below the one which you have previously installed. Similarly, follow for all the additional drivers.. How to Install Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 ADB and Fastboot Drivers:. Step 1 : Download the 15 Seconds ADB installer on your PC. If it is in a .zip archive then extract it to obtain the. Step 2 : Right-click on the file and Run as administrator .. Step 3 : It should ask, whether you want to install ADB and Fastboot Driver on PC. Enter “Y” and hit Enter key.. Step 4 : Now it should ask whether you want to install ADB system-wide. Step 5 : It should ask whether you want to install device drivers. Step 6 : Follow the on-screen instructions.. Important Notes : [*] Driver Signature Error : If you got Driver Signature Error While installing the Driver then See this Video to fix this problem. [*] Broken link : Report here. [*] Have we missed any device model? Let us know by contacting us via Contact Us page.. SHARE ON Twitter Facebook WhatsApp Google+ Buffer LinkedIn Pin It. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Human Verification: In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic.. Select a Device Manufacturer Select a Device Manufacturer Select Device 5Star Aamra Accent Acer ACI Adcom Admet Advan Advance AFC AG AGT Airmax Akai Akasaki Akua Alcatel Alive Allcall Allview Allwinner Alphard Altron Amazon Ambrane Amgoo Amoi Amschel Ank Aoto Aovo Aprix Apro Arbutus Archos Arise ARK Asiafone Ask Astro Astrum Asus Attila Avea Avov Avvio Axiom Axioo Azpen Azumi Babaosi Bassoon BDFones Bedove Bellphone BenQ Beyond Billion Bird Blackberry Blackview Bleck BLU Bluboo Blumix Bmobile Bontel Boway BQ Brandcode Bravis Bsmobile BSNL Byond Calme Camfone Cappu Casio Casper Caszh Cat CCE CCIT Celkon CellAllure Centric Champion Cheers Cherry Chuwi Cilee CityCall CKK Cktel Clarmin Clear Clementoni Cloudfone CMX Coddy Colorovo Colors Comio Condor Conquest Contigo Coolpad Croma Cube Cubot Daewoo Datawind DDC Dell Dexp Diamond Digicom Digiflip Digo Discover Discoveri-y Docoss DOMO Doogee Doopro Doppio DTC Dunns Ebest Editorial Egreat Ei Elephone Elite Energizer Enet Ephone Etel Eurostar Evercoss EveryPhone Fero Figo Fluo Fly FMT Fohow Fondi Fortis FPT Freedom Freetel G Plus G-Tide Garmin GDL General Mobile Genesis GeniusTouch Gfive Gicent Gigabyte Gigi Ginzzu Gionee Gmango Goclever Gol Goldberg Gome Good One Google Gooweel Gphone Grand Greenberry Greentel Gretel Gtel GuoPhone Haier HCL HDC hello Helowin Hero Himax Hisense Hitech Hocom HomTom Hoow Hopo Hotwav HP HSI HSL HTC Huasi Huawei Hyundai I-Boo iBall iBrit IceMobile iCherry iHunt iKnock IMI iNew Infinix InFocus Innjoo iNova Intex Invens iPro iRulu It Works itel Ivoomi Jepssen Jesy Jiake Jivi Josh Mobile Kagoo Kaicom Karbonn Kata KDW Kelaida Kempler Kenbo Kente Kenxinda Kimfly Kingstar Koolnee Kult Kyocera Kzen L-Max Land Rover Lanix Lapnet Lava Leaf Leagoo Lecom LeEco Lemon Lenovo Lephone Letv LG Lmkj Logicom Long Lordor Lovme LV Mobile LY Lyf M-Horse M4tel Mafe Magicon Mobile Magnus Mai Malata Manta Massgo Massive Masstel Maxcom Maximus Maxwest Maxx Maxxcall MBO MCI MDC Meidou Meizu MEU Micromax Mifaso Mione MIQ Mirage Mito Mobell Mobicel Mobiistar Mobistel Mobo Modoex Motorola MPT Mtech Mobile MTN Mtouch Multilaser Mumi Mycell Myfon MyPhone Mytec Mytel Navcity NDE Newings Nexcom Nextbit NIU Nokia Nova Nvidia Nyx Oale Obi Ocean Okapia Oking Okwu OLA OneClick OnePlus Ooredoo Open Oplus Oppo Opsson Orange Orro OSE Osmo Otto Oukitel Ourstar Ovana Panasonic Pantech Partner Mobile PCD PCsmart Peace Phicomm Philips PhoneMax Pipo Pixus Plum Polaroid Polytron Posh Mobile Positivo Prestigio Primux Qlink QMobile Qnet Qphone Qrea Quantum Rage Rangs Razer RCA Reach Mobile Rinno Rivo Royalstar RugGear Ryte S-Color Samhe Samsung Sansui Seeken Selecline Sharp Shelby Sico Singtech Sinotec Sintel SKG Sky Skyview Skyworth Slim Smart Smile Snopow Sonim Sony Soraka Spice Spinup StarMobile STF Strawberry Swipe SYH Symphony T-Mobile Tasen Tashan TCL Tech Techcore Tecno Teeno Teknosa Telefunken Telego Telenor Texet THL Timmy Tinmo Titanic Tooky Toshiba Touchmate Tradeno True TWZ Ulefone Ultimate UMI Uni-Tel Uniscope Unnecto Usha Verssed Vertex Vertu Verykool Vfone VG Viaan Vibo Videocon Viettel Vifone Vinci Vivo VK Vodafone Voicetel Volkssmart Vonino Vortex Voto Vsun Walton Wave We Western Wieppo Wiko Winfone Wing Wink Winmax Winstar Wolder Woxter XBO XBQ Xcom XDU XGody Xiaomi Xiaoxing Xolo Xplay Yasyas YBZ YesTel Yezz YotaPhone YU Yusun Zelta Zen Mobile Zentality ZH&K Zigo Ziox Zoji Zonda ZT Mobile ZTE ZURI Zuum Zync ZYQ. Privacy Policy About Contact Us Sitemap. Android USB Drivers | This site is not affiliated with Google or any of the device manufacturers listed on this site.. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. - MP3/AAC/WAV player - MP4/H.264 player - Document viewer - Photo editor. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 - Overview. Do you want to know about latest smartphones and their prices in Pakistan? Visit our very fresh collection for all the latest prices and smartphones at. We give you a holistic platform to know latest Prices and up-to-date specifications of latest handsets. This integrated channel of ours has informative bench to sit on for the roller coaster ride to latest Micromax Mobile Phone Prices, news and reviews that will serve the ultimate purpose to top up your thirst for new technological horizons. Keep visiting and keep refilling your glass for all the latest Smartphone and Prices on. Micromax gives its best shot with Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 .. While gaining immense appreciation in Pakistan, the handset stands up at a. reasonable Price of 0 Daily Updated 26-02-2018 Mobile Price. For every latest development on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Mobile Price in Pakistan, keep visiting Mobile Phone Collection. Get New Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Mobile Price and Full Specification here.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 include SIM:Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by), IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 5.0 inches and Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 OS: Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) and Mediatek MT6580M and Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Internal Memory: 8 GB, 1 GB RAM and Card Slot: microSD, up to 32 GB. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Rear Camera 5 MP, LED flash and Front Camera: 2 MP.. In order to learn detailed specifications, kindly visit our Specification. and Features Page for Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 and get to know the latest. about the handset and its Price. Mobile Phone Collection have all to. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. 0 reviews / Write a review. 1 GB RAM & 8 GB ROM.. 5 MP & 2 MP Camera.. Usually Delivered in 2-3 business days.. Stand-By - Up to 350 h.. Talk-time - Up to 17 h. 5.0 inches, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. MicroSD, Support up to 32 GB. 2G bands - GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 3G bands - HSDPA 900 / 2100. Note: HTML is not translated!. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 bd price ,. Micromax Q350 price in bangladesh ,. Safe and Secure Shopping Every Time. Reaching crowded malls, endless traffic jams and long line. From mobiles phones too Accessories, you can buy just about anything online. And when we say online, we mean Buymobile.com.bd, one of Bangladesh best online shopping destinations.. Here At Buymobile.Com.Bd We Understand Smartphone, We Understand Our Customers And We Know What You Want. Our Young And Dynamic Team Of Tech-Enthusiasts Is Committed To Providing The Latest Handsets On The Best Price Plans So That Everyone Can Love Their Smartphones As Much As We Love Ours!. For 'Every Wish Fulfilled' to happen, we at Buymobile.com.bd understand that prices can put you off. And that is why we have round-the-clock discounts and amazing prices for you to enjoy. With options like Deals-of-the-Day(To get too your new handset at a price that’s right for you), But we know our stuff, Whether It’s Talking Operating System, Megapixels Or Battery, So We’re Always On Hand To Provide Expert Advice. What’s More, We’ve Kept Our service narrow enough to be able to provide a personal level of service, so you’ve never made to fell like ‘you’re just a number.. When It Comes To Online Transactions,Buymobile Ensures That All Credit/Debit Card And Net Banking Transactions Are Done Through Secure And Trusted Gateways. All Your Bank Details Are Safe And Secure.You Can Shop With Confidence, Safe In Knowledge, We’ve Passed The Stringent Tests In Online Security And Customer Care.. Buymobile Offers A Cash On Delivery Option If You Need An Easier Payment Method And Excellent After Sales Services Too. If You Have Any Issues With Your Purchase, The Easy Exchange And Replacement Policies Comes To Your Rescue.. Buymobile offer best and Reasonable mobile price In Bangladesh. The best and only one mobile specialized online shopping site Bangladesh , buymobile present to you lot of Smartphone’s, Smartphone’s accessories and Bar Phone. Lot of popular brands mobile available here with one year warranty. All the mobile phones are collecting from Bangladeshi brand authorize dealer. So you get here warranty and original mobile phone in Bangladesh.. Smartphone is one of the essential parts of our daily life. Buymobile just give the importance to your mobile importance value. Here has lot of Smartphone’s In Bangladesh, but all are not authorize. But buymobile give you original mobile in cheap and original price in Bangladesh. Smartphone Price in Bangladesh is not so high. Smartphone price in Bangladesh depends on mobile phone specification. You may observe here about Lava price in Bangladesh , Lenovo price in Bangladesh , Panco price in Bangladesh , Oppo price in Bangladesh , ZTE price in Bangladesh , TCL price in Bangladesh , Xiaomi price in Bangladesh , Alcatel price in Bangladesh , Huawei price in Bangladesh , HTC price in Bangladesh , Nokia price in Bangladesh , Asus price in Bangladesh , Sony price in Bangladesh , Coolpad price in Bangladesh , Walton price in Bangladesh , Micromax price in Bangladesh , DCl price in Bangladesh. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Device Name HTML5 Hardware Streaming Environment Video Player Web Browser Audio Player JavaScript DRM Network Protocols JavaVM Beta Properties where you helped where you can help conflicted values dynamic properties client-side properties. See all Micromax devices >> Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Model: Q350. Log in or sign up for a free DeviceAtlas account to see all available device capabilities.. The company/organisation that provides a device, browser or other component to the market. It can be a manufacturer, mobile operator or other organisation exclusively offering a product.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The model name of a device, browser or some other component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Marketing Name Canvas Spark 2 Plus. The marketing name for a device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Primary organisation creating (not necessarily assembling) the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. This is the year that the device was released (or announced). Please login to add your opinion for this property.. True if the device is meant for use on the move.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. User may touch the screen to interact with the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the horizontal direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the vertical direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The diagonal dimension of the screen in inches.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The pixel density of the Device's screen. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Ratio between physical pixels and device-independent pixels (dips) on the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The color depth of a display.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device has NFC (Near Field Communication) hardware.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Megapixels of the camera if the device has one.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a mobile phone.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a tablet device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a reading device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a games console.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a set-top box.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a media player.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The version number of a component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the operating system.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name of the Operating System installed on the device. This can be used as a substitute for the boolean OS properties.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The general group name of the operating system (eg. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The Operating System initial version installed on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Android OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Bada OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with iOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with RIM OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Symbian OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Mobile pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Phone pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows RT OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with WebOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with a proprietary OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Commercial name of the developer platform if any (Nokia Series 40, Sony Ericsson Java Platform, etc).. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. If the device was built around a Developer Platform, which version.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the web browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser version on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser rendering engine used by the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML Basic 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.1.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.2.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using WML.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to download and open the device's address book when a vCard URI is used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF87 image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF89a image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a JPG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a PNG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The horizontal size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The vertical size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a telephone call when a URI is defined with the protocol 'tel' followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol sms followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol smsto followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of a client to store cookies and send them when appropriate.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The web browser supports the SSL protocol. Support of different certificate authorities is independent from the ability of supporting SSL. Verify that a page protected with SSL is displayed properly.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for markup in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for media files embedded in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for downloaded from a web page and stored locally (e.g. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of receiving WAP Push notifications, opening a browser upon user instigation, and following the embedded link.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. JS Support Basic Java Script -. The browser has some level of JavaScript support, typically Alert, Confirm, setInterval, setTimeout.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying DOM elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying CSS elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Event Listeners.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports XMLHttpRequest.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports console.log().. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports JSON objects.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Indicates whether the device supports the DeviceAtlas ClientSide component.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to CSD (Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HS CSD (High Speed Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSPA+ (Evolved High-Speed Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE (Long Term Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE Advanced (Long Term Evolution Advanced) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The UE Category of the device, defining the combined uplink and downlink capability as specified in 3GPP TS36.306.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of making VoLTE calls. When True, this implies LTE, HD Voice, and AMR-WB are True.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to WiFi networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of seamless call handover between Wi-Fi and VoLTE connections.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device natively supports Rich Communication Services as specified in GSMA RCS6.0 UNI.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the audio HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the canvas element.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the video HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Application Cache.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Geo Location.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports indexedDB.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Local Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Session Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Web GL.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Sockets API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web SQL Database API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Workers API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Orientation.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Motion event.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Touch events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Query Selector.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0b -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.2 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the HTTP live Streaming protocol.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play WMV envelope for video files. The device is able to parse the WMV envelope for video files.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play a video that includes audio encoded with QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) codec. The device is able to play videos with audio encoded using QCELP.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files with not more than 1 note at a time, normally Type 0. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files, can be Type 0 or Type 1, may have more than 1 note at a time. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate) files as defined by 3GPP. The device is able to play the AMR file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MP3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3) files. The device is able to play the MP3 file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) as defined as part of the MPEG-4 specifications. The device is able to play the AAC file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) audio files. The device is able to play the QCELP file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the forward lock constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the combined delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the separate delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the download rules as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java MIDP (Mobile Information Device Profile), e.g. The device fully supports JSR 37 or 118 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java CLDC (Connected Limited Device Configuration), e.g 1.0. The device fully supports JSR 30 or 139 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 30. The device fully supports JSR 30 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 139. The device fully supports JSR 139 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 37. The device fully supports JSR 37 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 118. The device fully supports JSR 118 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to view the User-Agents for this device (only available for commercial license holders).. To learn more on TAC database, please visit the Device Data for Mobile Operators page.. There was a problem loading the opinions for this property.. This is a property with the read-only access.. Thank you! Your opinion "%s" has been saved.. Thank you! Your opinion has been updated to "%s".. Your opinion "%s" has been removed.. There was a problem saving your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem updating your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem removing your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. Only integer values are permitted for this property.. Only alphanumeric characters and , _. - ^ / + [space] are permitted for this property.. Only boolean values are permitted for this property.. Please choose or enter an opinion value.. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
The next video is starting stop. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 PLUS Unboxing & Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Micromax Canvas spark 2 Plus Q350 unboxing and review. In this video I will be unboxing and doing a quick review of the Micromax CANVAS spark 2 plus metallic grey color. This is the cheapest android smartphone from micromax with some impressive specs. So watch the video till the last to know if you can buy this mobile Checkout my youtube channel for latest tech videos : http://youtube.com/techshan Connect with me on facebook: http://facebook.com/techshan Connect with me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/techshan Connect with me on Instagram : http://instagram.com/techshan Logon to www.techshan.com for more interesting videos. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Detailed Review after using 5 Days. Top 5 Reasons Not to Buy Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 (2016). Micromax Canvas Spark 3 Full Review and Unboxing. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing & First Look. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 Review : OS, Performance, Display, Multitasking. [Hindi - हिन्दी] Unboxing Of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Indian Retail Unit. how to use sd card as internal memory in android marshmallow. Micromax Vdeo 2 Unboxing and Hands On | Intellect Digest. Micromax Canvas Spark 3 (Q385) Unboxing & Overview, Camera. Micromax Canvas 5 Unboxing And Hands On Review. micromax canvas spark 2 plus q350 tempered glass screen protector review. Top 5 Reasons to Buy Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 (2016). USB OTG Support on Micromax Canvas Spark | Techniqued. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing - Cheapest Android Marshmallow Smartphone. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Q334 Review - The Budget King!. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 Review after 72 Hours - Battery, Benchmark Test, General Queries. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus vs Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus. [Hindi] Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Real Unboxing and Hands on review. Coolpad Note 5 Review - Surprising. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing BEST Cheap Price Phone HINDI. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Video clips. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Q334 Unboxing & Hands on Review (Rs .... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing & First Look. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Unboxing and Hands on review. Micromax canvas spark 2 plus Q350 hard reset. [Hindi - हिन्दी] Unboxing Of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q3.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing BEST Cheap Price Phone.... Обзор Micromax Q391 Canvas Spark 2 ◄ Quke.ru ►. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 remove frp bypass google a.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Pro - Q 351 | QUTU AÇILIŞI. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Extreme Gaming Review - Asphalt.... Micromax Q391 Canvas Spark 2 Hard Reset (сброс настроек). Android Marshmallow Phone for 3999 Canvas Spark 2 Plus. Cheapest Android Marshmallow Phone : Micromax Canvas spark 2.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Hard Reset, Format Code solution. [Hindi] Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Real Unboxing and Hands on r.... How to Install Android Nougat on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plu.... [ Hindi - हिन्दी ] Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus OTG Test. Top 5 Reasons to Buy Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 (2016.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Q334 Unboxing. Hard Reset 2 способа сделать сброс Micromax Canvas Spark 2 P.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Full In Depth Review - Must watch be.... Top 5 Reasons Not to Buy Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 (.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Detailed Review after using 5 D.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 PLUS Unboxing & Review. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Unboxing and Hands on !!!!. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 hard reset & FRP GOOGLE AC.... Micromax Spark 2 Plus Q350 Hard Reset And Forget Pattern Lo.... micromax canvas spark 2 plus q350 tempered glass screen prot.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 gaming review - Worth the Price. Tutorial : How to root Micromax Canvas Spark 2 q334 without .... [Hindi] Micromax Canvas Spark 3 Review, Good and Bad, Should.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Specs, Features & Price. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 Review : OS, Performance, .... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing - Cheapest Android Mar.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus With Android 6.0 Marshmallow La.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 Review after 72 Hours - Ba.... more Micromax Canvas Spark 2 videos. The Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Q334 sports a 5-inch IPS display, 1.3-GHz quad-core processor, 768MB of RAM, 4GB of storage, 5-megapixel camera with led flash and a second 2-megapixel front facing unit.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Video clips. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing & First Look. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing BEST Cheap Price Phone.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Detailed Review after using 5 D.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 remove frp bypass google a.... [Hindi - हिन्दी] Unboxing Of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q3.... Micromax canvas spark 2 plus Q350 hard reset. [ Hindi - हिन्दी ] Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus OTG Test. How to Install Android Nougat on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plu.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 PLUS Unboxing & Review. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Extreme Gaming Review - Asphalt.... Android Marshmallow Phone for 3999 Canvas Spark 2 Plus. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 Review : OS, Performance, .... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Pro - Q 351 | QUTU AÇILIŞI. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing. Micromax Spark 2 Plus Q350 Hard Reset And Forget Pattern Lo.... How to root Micromax q350 [Easiest Method]. Top 5 Reasons Not to Buy Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 (.... Top 5 Reasons to Buy Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 (2016.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Q334 Unboxing & Hands on Review (Rs .... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 Review : Camera, Video, Ga.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 hard reset & FRP GOOGLE AC.... micromax canvas spark 2 plus q350 tempered glass screen prot.... Cheapest Android Marshmallow Phone : Micromax Canvas spark 2.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Specs, Features & Price. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing - Cheapest Android Mar.... Unboxing of micromax canvas spark 2 plus form snapdeal.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 Review after 72 Hours - Ba.... Micromax canvas spark 2 plus features video. Unboxing Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 (Budget Phone Of.... How to Install Android 8 Oreo on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plu.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Unboxing and Hands on review. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Unboxing and Review. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus vs Spark 3. Quick information of Micromax canvas spark 2 plus. Обзор Micromax Q391 Canvas Spark 2 ◄ Quke.ru ►. MICROMAX CANVAS SPARK 2 PLUS (8GB) !!!! UNBOXING !!!!. Micromax canvas spark 2 plus q350 remove pattern lock REMOVE. Micromax Q350 Spark 2 Plus Remove Frp Lock/Bypass Google Acc.... [Hindi] Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Real Unboxing and Hands on r.... Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus With Android 6.0 Marshmallow La.... more Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus videos. The Micromax Spark 2 Plus sports a 5-inch display, 1.3 GHz quad-core processor, 1 GB of RAM, 8 GB of storage, 5-megapixel main camera and an additional 2-megapixel selfie unit on the front.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 1,000 results for "q350". KEF Q350 Bookshelf Speakers (Pair, Black). Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. The KEF Q350 bookshelf speaker is the newest iteration of KEF award .... Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $27.80 (13 used &amp new offers). KEF Q350 Bookshelf Speakers (Pair, White). Usually ships in 1 to 3 weeks. The KEF Q350 bookshelf speaker is the newest iteration of KEF award .... AKG Q350 In Ear Headphones, Quincy Jones Signature Line. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. See newer model of this item. KEF Speaker Grille Q350 Magnetic Grille (Each). Order now and we'll deliver when available.. The Q350 magnetic grille was specifically designed to fit the Q350 and .... 12pcs Medium (White) Soft Replacement Eartips Earbuds Set for AKG by Harman: K324P, K321, K328, K330, K340, K350, K374, K375, K390, K391 NC, Q350 In-Ear Earphones. AKG Q350 In Ear Headphones, Quincy Jones Signature Line. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. See newer model of this item. For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Cell Phone Vehicle Car Charger Adapter. Pangea Q350 Quad Automatic Watch Winder with LED Lights - Black. KEF Q350 Steel Bookshelf Speaker Stand Fillable. Product Features Fits KEF Q350 & Q150 Speakers perfectly. RESTEK 26220 Q-sep QuEChERS dSPE Tube For Extract Cleanup, Q350, Contains 1200 mg mgso4, 400 mg psa, 15 mL Volume (Pack of 50). FCS UV Printed Designer Soft Silicon Back Case Cover for Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Kiss Quick Cover Semi-Permanent Excellent Gray Coverage 3.5oz (Q350). Lake City 1/8-Inch Craft Quilling Paper 200-Pack, 10 Colors. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Siemens Circuit Breaker 50a 3p 240v 10k Qp. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. $39.99 (11 used &amp new offers). Home Audio & Theater Speaker Mount. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. MICROMAX CANVAS SPARK 2 PLUS Q350 GREY. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. MICROMAX CANVAS SPARK 2 PLUS Q350 GREY. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. MICROMAX BOLT SUPREME 4 Q352 CHAMPAGNE. Micromax Canvas Blaze MT500 (White, 4GB). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Micromax Spark Vdeo (Gold, 4G VoLTE). Micromax Q382 (Black, 1GB RAM, 8GB ROM). Micromax Canvas Nitro 2 E311 (White-Gold). Micromax SPark 2 Plus Q350 Smartphone. MICROMAX CANVAS SPARK 2 PLUS Q350 GREY Mobile Phone Information. #3,00,240 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles. Date First Available 24 December 2016. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 34% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 33% 1 star 33%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars price. acceordind to its specification its price should be under rs.1200. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars OTG. This phone DOESN'T supports OTG cable.. Was this review helpful to you?. See and discover other items: micromax canvas. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Audio & Home Entertainment Automotive Baby & Mom Beauty, Health & Grocery Books & Magazines Cameras & Optics Charity Clothing & Accessories Coins & Notes Collectibles eBay Daily Games, Consoles & Accessories Gift Cards & Coupons Home & Kitchen Appliances Home & Living Jewellery & Precious Coins Kitchen & Dining Laptops & Computer Peripherals LCD, LED & Televisions Memory Cards, Pen Drives & HDD Mobile Accessories Mobile Phones Motor Classifieds Movies & Music Musical Instruments Shoes Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Stamps Stationery & Office Supplies Tablets & Accessories Tools , Hardware & Electricals Toys, Games & School Supplies Warranty Services Watches Wearable Devices Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Deals Sell Help & Contact Track My Order My PaisaPay. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. micromax canvas 2 plus flip cover micromax canvas 2 plus black micromax a110q canvas 2 plus nokia lumia 520 micromax canvas hd micromax canvas 2 plus white. All Listings - Current page. Save Micromax Canvas 2 Plus to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Micromax Canvas 2 Plus to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Tunisia - TUN Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Soft Silicone Jelly Back Cover Transparent. Imported UV PRINTED Back Case Cover For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Replacemnet Battery for Micromax Canvas 2 A110 & A110Q Plus - 2000mah/3000ma h. For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Back Cover Designer Printed Soft Case. Micromax Canvas 2 Battery For A110 & A110Q Plus With 3 Months Warranty. Replacemnet Battery for Micromax Canvas 2 A110 & A110Q Plus - 2000mah/3000ma h. Soft Transparent Back Cover+Tempered Glass For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Soft Jelly Back Case Cover For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Transparent. For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 2plus Soft TPU Silicon Case Cover. DESIGNER GLOSSY SOFT SILICON BACK COVER FOR MICROMAX CANVAS SPARK 2 PLUS Q350. DESIGNER SOFT SILICON BACK CASE COVER FOR MICROMAX CANVAS 2 PLUS A110 A110Q. DESIGNER SOFT SILICON BACK CASE COVER FOR MICROMAX CANVAS 2 PLUS A110 A110Q. DESIGNER SOFT SILICON BACK CASE COVER FOR MICROMAX CANVAS 2 PLUS A110 A110Q. ACM-BELT CASE for MICROMAX CANVAS SPARK 2 PLUS Q350 MOBILE LEATHER HOLSTER CLIP. Yellow Rubberized Hard Back Case,Cover,for Micromax Canvas 2 plus A110 A110Q. New 1 AMP Micromax Charger For Micromax Canvas Mega Q417, Unite 4 Plus, Unite 2. Designer Printed Soft Back Cover Case For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. for micromax canvas 2 a110 canvas 2 + plus a110q soft 3D back case cover new. for micromax a110 a110q canvas 2 plus flip case cover pvc ,1 black flip free. for micromax canvas 2 a110 canvas 2 plus a110q soft silicone glossy blue new. for micromax canvas 2 plus + a110 a110q soft back case cover new black. SellNxt Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Back Cover (Merc-Totu-Q35 0). Mercator Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Back Cover (Merc-Totu-Q35 0). for micromax canvas 2 canvas 2 plus a110q hard back case cover hand work. for micromax canvas 2 a110 canvas 2 plus a110q hard back cover ,with 1 flip free. LEATHER Finish DIARY FLIP FLAP COVER CASE FOR MICROMAX CANVAS SPARK 2 PLUS Q350. Purple Rubberized Hard Back Case,Cover,for Micromax Canvas 2 plus A110 A110Q. Hot Pink Rubberized Hard Back Case,Cover,for Micromax Canvas 2 plus A110 A110Q. Leather Flip Cover For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Back Flip Cover Case. Flip Cover Case For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus (Q350) Back Flip Cover Case. MERCURY DIARY WALLET STYLE FLIP COVER CASE FOR MICROMAX CANVAS 2 PLUS A110 A110Q. Imported UV Soft Printed Back Case Cover For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Imported UV Soft Printed Back Case For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Imported UV Soft Printed Back Case Cover For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. FCS UV Printed Designer Soft Silicon Back Case For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus. ACM-PREMIUM RICH MICROMAX CANVAS 2 PLUS A110Q HARD SHELL BACK COVER CASE PANEL. for micromax canvas 2 plus + a110 a110q soft back case cover new. 300.00 to Rs. for micromax canvas 2 plus + a110 a110q soft back case cover + 1 flip black. 377.00 to Rs. for micromax canvas Juice 3+ plus Q394 soft back case cover printed sparkle new. 194.00 to Rs. For Micromax Canvas 2 A110 / Canvas 2 Plus A110Q Back Cover Printed Soft Case. for micromax canvas 2 + plus a110q soft back case silicon cover. For Micromax Canvas HD PLUS A190 Back Cover Imported Designer Printed Soft Case. For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Flip Cover Premium Leather Black. For Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Flip Cover Premium Leather Golden. for micromax canvas 2 a110 canvas 2 plus a110q soft back case new s design cover. for micromax canvas 2 2 plus A110 hard back case cover printed matte new. for micromax canvas 2 a110 canvas 2 + plus a110q soft back case cover new design. for micromax canvas 2 plus a110 a110q flip case cover metallic color hard inner. for micromax canvas 2 a110 canvas 2 + plus a110q hard back case cover glossy new. for micromax canvas 2 a110 canvas 2 + plus a110q back case FREE CALLER ID FLIP. Fast Shipping Through DTDC ,Professional,India Post. POWER SELLER+Blue Dart Shipping+100% Geniune Product. POWER SELLER+Blue Dart Shipping+100% Geniune Product. Imported ★ 4 Color ★ Fast Shipping ★ Top Rated Seller. LIMITED STOCK + FAST & FREE SHIPMENT+LOWEST PRICE+COD. LIMITED STOCK + FAST & FREE SHIPMENT+LOWEST PRICE. LIMITED STOCK + FAST & FREE SHIPMENT+LOWEST PRICE. LIMITED STOCK + FAST & FREE SHIPMENT+LOWEST PRICE. BLACK COLOR + FREE SHIPPING + EXPRESS FAST SHIPMENT. First & Exclusive ! Limited Stock ! Never Repeat !. 100% Genuine Product + Free Shipping + Limited Stock. 1+1 free offer only for some time hurry. gosf GOSF G O S F GREAT ONLINE SHOPPING FESTIVAL OFFER. FLAT 15% OFF ☆ Apply Coupon Code = FLAT15OFFF. FLAT 15% OFF ☆ Apply Coupon Code = FLAT15OFFF. FLAT 15% OFF ☆ Apply Coupon Code = FLAT15OFFF. First & Exclusive ! Limited Stock ! Never Repeat !. First & Exclusive ! Limited Stock ! Never Repeat !. Premium Quality | Free Shipping | Fast shipping | COD. Free Shipping, Best Quality, Various Designs to Choose.. MANY COLOR CHOICES +FAST FREE SHIPPING + EXCELLENT ITEM. 1 soft penguin & 1 flip black caller id , 1+1 free. Free Shipping + Best Buy Best Rate + High Quality. Free Shipping + Best Buy Best Rate + High Quality. FLAT 15% OFF ☆ Apply Coupon Code = FLAT15OFFF. FLAT 15% OFF ☆ Apply Coupon Code = FLAT15OFFF. FLAT 15% OFF ☆ Apply Coupon Code = FLAT15OFFF. FLAT 15% OFF ☆ Apply Coupon Code = FLAT15OFFF. FREE BLACK CALLER ID FLIP COVER FREE WITH THIS CASE. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Enter minimum price to Rs. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map © 2018 eBay India Private Limited. User Agreement , User Privacy Notice , Cookies. Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Ulefone Power 3. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 and Ulefone Power 3. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). LTE, Cat7 301 Mbps download, 102 Mbps upload. Scratch resistant, 2.5D curved glass screen, Corning Gorilla Glass 4. Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A7. Android OS v7.1 Nougat, Android 8.1 Oreo. Autofocus, continuous shooting, digital zoom, geotagging, panorama, HDR, touch focus, face detection, white balance settings, ISO settings, exposure compensation, self-timer, scene-mode, macro mode. Wi-Fi 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n, 802.11n 5 GHz. Accelerometer, compass, gyroscope, fingerprint, light, proximity. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 comparisons. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Gionee M7 Power. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Archos 50b Cobalt. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Vertex Impress Fortune. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Gionee X1s. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Archos 55b Cobalt. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Vertex Impress Genius. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Google Pixel 2. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Ulefone T1 Premium Edition. Ulefone Power 3 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comparison. Ulefone Power 3 vs LG G Pad III 10.1 FHD comparison. Ulefone Power 3 vs Apple Watch Series 1 Aluminum 42mm comparison. Ulefone Power 3 vs Plum Might Plus II comparison. Ulefone Power 3 vs Apple Watch Series 2 Aluminum 38mm comparison. Ulefone Power 3 vs QMobile Noir Z12 comparison. Ulefone Power 3 vs Micromax Canvas Spark 3 Q385 comparison. Ulefone Power 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) comparison. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Battery. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Battery. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Battery. ✔ Dispatched in 3 business days. ✔ Use coupon code SURPRISE to get 10% extra discount. This battery specially design for your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 mobile. The battery is lightweight, ultra slim, same size and perfectly corner to corner fits your mobile. The design of the battery is better than your old battery and provides stronger battery backup. If you are looking to replace your old battery, don’t worry be confident and purchase new the battery.. This Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Battery gives easily one day back up. So, Now you can enjoy movies, games, music for a while. This battery gives battery life than your battery. The battery has a combined microchip that stop overcharging and expand battery life, latest Lithium ion battery system.. Battery normal charging time is 6 to 8 hours. It’s better to switch of your mobile before charge your mobile. The Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 battery definitely take less time to charge. Never use bad charger or discontentment charging that can damage the battery.. You can get highest performance if you run your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 mobile in power saving mode, reduce your display brightness.. This battery provides same capacity and better performance. This battery works with double protection, double IC, printed circuit board and protect from discharge, overheating and short circuit.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Long backup with smooth performance on your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 mobile. Easy to charge and easy to use. Battery can use with any battery charger. Gives smooth talk and long backup on your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 mobile. Easy to remove from your mobile and easy to attach the battery to your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 mobile. High in quality and stable and performance. Provides good talk and standby time performance. As it is a lithium ion battery, it can be easily recharged. Stay in touch longer by getting battery power with a Lithium-ion battery. Good and safe performance under numbers of test and measurement. So now you can enjoy uninterrupted calling, surfing and more on your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 smartphone. Choose compound Li-on chip, safe and reliable. Adopting the imported LI-on cell or polymer LI-on cells which are safe and have stable performance, high capability and long standby time. Choose super compound plastic material for shell with UV rub-resistance treatment. Battery can use with any battery charger. Multiple guard against falls ,convenient for quality tracing. No contain the insurant such as hydrargyrum, lead and cadmium , according with the environmental requirement. No allowance for disassembling the battery from your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 mobile. Avoid being worked in the high temperature above 45°C ,exploding may be invited by disposing the battery in Fire. Avoid being pressed or fallen high. Not put it together with metal like key or coin to prevent short circuit. Not good charger will damage the battery of your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 mobile. Charge the battery for at least 12 hours before using it for first time. Please use original charger or professional battery charger. Don’t place your battery near a heat source.Excessive heat can damage the phone battery,the battery could become very hot. Always charge the battery at near room temperature(0°-45°). Do not disassemble or modify the battery for any other purpose. Do not expose the battery to liquid or subject to strong mechanical shocks. Do not charge the battery more than 24 hours. Warranty of the product is limited to manufacturing defects only. Physical damage and burn out cases are not entitled for warranty. Reviews of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Battery (High Quality). Note: HTML is not translated!. Premium Intex Aqua Star II 2 HD Battery. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Battery. +91-70-74737711 (11am to 5pm - Mon to Sat). Send email via our Contact Us. Online Shopping: 99 Store. Mobile Accessories: Data Cable | Mobile Flip Covers | Headphones | Mobile Charger | Mobile Back Covers | Power Bank | View all. Pc Accessories: Headphones | View all. Tablet & Accessories: Tablet Chargers | Tablet Data Cables | Tablet Covers | View all. Exclusive Products: Bluetooth Speakers | Headphone | View all. Mobile Batteries: Asus | Celkon | Coolpad | Gionee | HTC | Huawei | InFocus | Inox | Intex |. Intel | Karbonn | Lava | LEeco | Lenovo | LG | LYF | Micromax |. Microsoft | Motorola | Nokia | OnePlus | Oppo | Panasonic | Phicomm | Samsung | Smart |. Sony | Spice | Vivo | Xiaomi | Xolo | View all. All major credit & debit cards accepted. 
All Categories Accessories Appliances Automobiles Cameras Clothing Computers Electronics Food & Groceries Footwear Gifts Health & Beauty Home & Kitchen Jewellery Kids & Toys Mobiles Sports & Fitness Stationery Watches. Top Searches: Samsung Thankar Story @ Home Dr.Morepen Columbus VLCC Micromax Wonderchef. GSM Mobile Phones Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Dual SIM Android Mobile Phone. Cameras & Accessories ». Computers & Tablets ». Gifts and Flowers ». Health & Beauty ». Home and Kitchen ». Sports & Fitness ». Stationery & Office Products ». Toys & Baby Gear ». Mobile Phone Accessories ». GSM Mobile Phones ». Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Dua... * Roll over the image to zoom in. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Dual SIM Android Mobile Phone. 5 in (12.7 cm) IPS Capacitive Touchscreen Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor & 1 GB RAM Dual Camera Rear - 5MP & Front - 2MP 3G & GPRS Connectivity 2000 mAh Li-ion Battery. Warranty: 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty on Mobile Phone and 6 Months Warranty for in the Box Accessories. (Enter Pincode to get exact Shipping Charges). (Prices are inclusive of all taxes). Select your size/color please. Following are the available modes of payment. Please enter your name and email address below. As soon as this product is back in stock we will inform you via email. Thanks for showing interest in this product. As soon as this product is back in stock we will inform you via email.. Offers - Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Dual SIM Android Mobile Phone. : Buy this product on easy EMIs,starting at @ More Details>>. Specifications - Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Dual SIM Android Mobi.... 2G: GSM: 900/1800/850/1900 MHz 3G: WCDMA: 900/2100 MHz. Gravity Sensor, Proximity Sensor, Light Sensor. 14.5 x 7.34 x 0.98 cm. 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty on Mobile Phone and 6 Months Warranty for in the Box Accessories. 1 Handset 1 Earphone 1 Battery 1 Charger 1 Data Cable User Manual. Products sold on Homeshop18 are brand new and 100% genuine. Above illustrated image is for indication only. If colour preference is not available, order will shipped based on the availability of the colour. All mobiles carry 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty. While we make every possible attempt to accurately depict the specifications of every product, and try to obtain these specifications from reliable sources; occasionally there may be a mismatch between the features of the actual product and that depicted on our site due to factors not under our control. We, as a merchant shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of such mismatch. In case you observe such a mismatch, please report here and we will try our best to get the right information posted on our site as soon as possible. No deliveries will be done on Sundays and National Holidays. Return & Replacement Policy: We only accept returns if the item received by you is different from what you had ordered or is received in damaged condition. Contact Homeshop18 Customer Care on 0120-6189818, within 48 hrs from the date of delivery to report Damage/Defective product. We will be unable to process the return if the concern is not raised within this stipulated period. We will get back to you within 48 hrs of receiving your request. If your order qualifies for a return, then the return shipping costs will be borne by us. We will send you a new replacement product as soon as we receive the return package (subject to availability). Please read the Return Policy for more details. Manufacturer Policy: For any other defect, please contact the nearest brand service centre. For the complete list of service centres, please click here. If you are unable to find a service centre, please contact us and we will do our best to assist you. Preserve Invoice Copy for warranty and future references. Please produce the original invoice at the service centre for quick assistance.. Product Code 34505747 Product Category Mobiles Brand Micromax Did we miss any relevant features for this product? Tell us what we missed. Would you like to give feedback on images or tell us about a lower price?. Highlights - Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Dual SIM Android Mobile Phone. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Dual SIM Android Mobile Phone Price: Rs. Zen 8.89 cm (3.5 inch) Full Touch Dual SIM.... Karbonn 12.7cm (5 inch) Toughened 4G Andro.... Swipe Konnect Plus Dual SIM Android Mobile.... other GSM Mobile Phones from Micromax view more Micromax Products». Micromax 12.7 cm (5 Inch) Gorilla Glass 3G.... Micromax Bolt Q332 Dual SIM Android Mobile.... Micromax Q336 Bolt Dual SIM Android Mobile.... Micromax Bolt A58 Dual SIM Android Mobile .... Micromax 12.7 cm (5 Inch) Gorilla Glass 3G.... Micromax Canvas Lite A92 Dual SIM Android .... Micromax Canvas Spark 3 Q385 Dual SIM Andr.... Micromax 11.4 cm ( 4.5 inch) 3G Android Mo.... Digital Clothing Home & Kitchen Health & Beauty Footwear Accessories Jewellery Appliances. help Track an Order Loyalty Bonus usage T&C FAQs Brand Sitemap Contact Us Blog Free Delivery Coupon T&C. policies Return Policy Refund Policy Shipping Policy Privacy Policy IPR Policy Terms of Use Promotions - T&C. know us better Why HomeShop18 Life at HomeShop18 Careers Connect Governance Office Locations. useful links Watch Live Tv Recently on Air Shopping Guides Mobile Apps Today's Special Offer HS18 Offers SuperDeals. Please enter mobile number Skip. Please Enter OTP sent on mobile number. Please enter email id Skip. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Price in Bangladesh. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Price in Bangladesh. The Retail Price of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 is BDT 4,500. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Check the Most updated Price of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Price in Bangladesh and detail Specifications, features and compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Prices Features and Detail Specs with upto 3 Products. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Specs and Features. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 480 x 854 pixels , 196 ppi. MP3/AAC/WAV player , MP4/H.264 player , Document viewer,- Photo editor. Best Price of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 in Bangladesh is BDT 4,500 as of February 26, 2018. The Latest Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Price in Bangladesh updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms and price list provided by the dealers of Micromax in BDT we are trying to delivering possible best and Cheap Price/offers or deals of Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 in Bangladesh and Full Specs, but we are can’t grantee the information are 100% correct(human error is possible), All prices mentioned are in BDT and USD and valid all over the Bangladesh including Dhaka, Chittagong, Sundarbans, Khulna Slight deviations are expected.. For Suggestions, Feedback or fond any error in rates or specs Please Send an Email .. Disclaimer: Latest and New Mobiles, Smartphones and Cell Phones Price List / Prices are updated regularly from Bangladesh's Local Mobile Phone market. We are trying to provided best possible Mobile Phone prices in Bangladesh and detailed Specifications, but we cannot guarantee all information's are 100% correct. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by CMobilePrice 2017. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Nokia 6 (2018). Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 and Nokia 6 (2018). Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300). LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Front glass, aluminum body (6000 series). Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A7. Octa-core 2.2 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, compass, gyro, proximity. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 comparisons. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs HomTom S12. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Huawei Honor View 10. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Leagoo Z7. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Lenovo K320t. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Plum Axe 4. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Plum Compass LTE. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Samsung Galaxy A8+ (2018). Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro (2018). Nokia 6 (2018) vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comparison. Nokia 6 (2018) vs LG G Pad III 10.1 FHD comparison. Nokia 6 (2018) vs Apple Watch Series 1 Aluminum 42mm comparison. Nokia 6 (2018) vs Plum Might Plus II comparison. Nokia 6 (2018) vs Apple Watch Series 2 Aluminum 38mm comparison. Nokia 6 (2018) vs QMobile Noir Z12 comparison. Nokia 6 (2018) vs Micromax Canvas Spark 3 Q385 comparison. Nokia 6 (2018) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) comparison. 
Flash File, Flashing tutorial, Hard Reset, Jumper. Flash File SAMSUNG FLASH FILE MICROMAX FLASH FILE INTEX FLASH FILE Repair imei repair HARD-RESET PCB CIRCUIT Samsung Jumper ROM update Gionee ROM Phone Lock Remove Frp Lock Bypass Root Guide. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Flash File Download and flashing Procedure Warning - Firmwarefolder is not responsible for any damage that occurs to your phone during flashing process.. You are here: Home / Flash File / Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Flash File Download and flashing Procedure. abhijeetc9762 Flash File. Canvas Spark 2 Plus Download Flash File How To Flash. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Flash FIle First Download Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Extract the zip file usWinRAR Open Extract Folder Open Flashtool Folder And Open Flashtool.exe Go To Sclatter Loading Select Sclatter File Click To Download Button And Connect Mobile Using USB Cable Show Green Colour Sucessufly Done. Micromax Bharat 5 Plus flash file and flashing tut.... Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 MIUI MIUI 9 Official Stock Ro.... LG Q6 ALPHA FLASH FILE AND FLASH TOOL. Download Micromax A111 flash file with flashing gu.... Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Categories Box (3) Flash File (12) Flash Tools (2) Frp Lock Bypass (1) Gionee ROM (3) HARD-RESET (2) imei repair (1) INTEX FLASH FILE (1) Lenovo Flash File (1) MICROMAX FLASH FILE (5) PCB CIRCUIT (1) Phone Lock Remove (7) SAMSUNG FLASH FILE (5) Samsung Jumper (1) Vivo flash File (1) Xiaomi Flash File (1). Featured Articles vivo v5 flash file and flashing guide Xiaomi Redmi Y1 and Redmi Y1 Lite Stock Firmware Download and flashing guide Android Fastboot Reset Tool V1.2 Features and free download link without password How to Format Micromax A67. Micromax A67 Flash File download and step by step guide. Lenovo A6000 flash file and flashing tutorial [Download] How to install VCom Driver for Windows computer. Firmware Folder‘ is a website providing Flash files,ROM guides,Repair Guides. The best and malware-free flash files which will help you to get update/repair your device. We offer one of the most comprehensive collections of Flashing tutorials that are neatly described and pre-performed by ourselves. All downloads work guarantee and are 100 % safe. Optimized By: Unbiased Techy | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | About Us | Home |. © Copyright 2017 Firmware Folder. 
The next video is starting stop. Micromax Spark 2 Plus Q350 Hard Reset And Forget Pattern Lock Reset Format Eazy 100%. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. http://romfast.com/ Use Full Website For All SmartPhone Flashing Tool And DRIVER Direct Link HERE IS SUBSCRIBE = https://goo.gl/hGD6bD Warning! Do this at your own risk! AND All your phone data will be lost HERE IS SUBSCRIBE = https://goo.gl/hGD6bD How To Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Reset pattern unlock How To Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Reset pattern reset How To Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Reset phone lock How To Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Reset phone reset How To Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Reset format. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Micromax Q350 Hard Reset With Gmail FRP Bypass [ Hindi ]. Micromax Q350 Hard Reset forgot pattern lock solution. Micromax Q350 Hard Reset With Gmail FRP Bypass bangla. Micromax Q350 Spark 2 Plus Remove Frp Lock/Bypass Google Account 100% Tested. How to unlock Any Micromax Mobile phone - Remove Pattern Lock - Format Code Solution - Hard Reset. Micromax Q350 how to Factory reset without pc. Micromax Q355 Hard reset and fectory reset without pc. Micromax canvas spark 2 plus Q350 hard reset. MICROMAX Q350 HARD RESET + FRP LOCK OR GOOGLE BYPASS SOLUTION. micromax q350 frp unlock without any tool. Micromax All in One 4000Mah Multi Use Basic Mobile Use as Portable Fan,mosquito repellent,Power Bank. How to Unlock any Android Phone Pattern Lock Password 📲 [If You Forget your Pattern Password]. Top 5 Reasons to Buy Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus q350 (2016). How to Root Android 6.0 Marshmallow!. Micromax canvas Knight A350 hard reset. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 hard reset & FRP GOOGLE ACCOUNT unlock. How to root Micromax q350 [Easiest Method]. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Mobiles Tablets Wearables Applications Games Themes Wallpapers Videos. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Micromax Canvas Fire 5 Q386. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 vs Micromax Canvas Fire 5 Q386. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Body Form Factor Candybar, Touchscreen Candybar, Touchscreen Dimensions - - Weight - - Colors Gray, Copper Gold, Champagne Gold Gold, grey, silver SIM Dual SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~196 ppi density) 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density) 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 Multitouch Yes Yes Network 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 SIM 1 & SIM 2 GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100 HSDPA 900 / 2100. Notifications Alert Types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Speaker Phone Yes Yes, dual speakers Memory Internal 8 GB ROM, 1 GB RAM 16 GB ROM, 1 GB RAM Card Slot microSD, up to 32 GB microSD, up to 32 GB Connectivity GPRS Yes Yes EDGE Yes Yes Speed HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps HSPA WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP 4.0, A2DP USB microUSB 2.0 microUSB 2.0 GPS Yes, with A-GPS Yes, with A-GPS. Camera Primary 5 MP, LED flash 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash Camera Features Yes Yes Video 720p@30fps 1080p Secondary 2 MP 5 MP Multimedia Audio Format Support MP3/AAC/WAV MP3/AAC/WAV Video Format Support MP4/H.264 MP4/H.264 Radio FM radio FM radio Software Operating System (OS) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Browser HTML HTML Organizer Yes Yes Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, IM SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, IM Hardware Chipset Mediatek MT6580M Mediatek MT6580 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Mali-400MP2 Mali-400MP2 Sensors Accelerometer, proximity Accelerometer, proximity Side / Additional Keys Volume keys, Power/Lock key Volume keys, Power/Lock key Audio Jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm Battery Battery Type Li-Ion 2000 mAh battery Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery Standby Up to 350 h Up to 450 h Talk Time Up to 17 h Up to 8 h 30 min Additional Features Features Document viewer Photo editor Document viewer Photo editor. Compare Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 With Similar Mobile Phones. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. All Manufacturers Android One Phones 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Rumored Phones SMS Screensavers Reviews Mobile Phone Prices Picture Messages. [Select Manufacturer] Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Copyrights © 2018 mobilesmspk. 
Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. CPU : Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7. OS : Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 - Specs. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 480 x 854 pixels (~196 ppi pixel density). Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 - Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. 6 / 10 based on your selection. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 - Pictures. More Products from Micromax Phones. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017). Nokia 6 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro. Apple iPhone 6 Plus vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Apple iPhone 6 vs Apple iPhone 7. Apple iPhone 7 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. © 2017 MainSpecs.com All Rights Reserved. Contact | Privacy | Terms | Sitemap. 
Brands Aamra (2) Acer (31) Alcatel (29) Apple (12) Asus (47) BlackBerry (12) Blu (24) Celkon (14) Contigo (2) Elite (7) GFive (2) Gionee (41) Goldberg (6) Google (3) Helio (1) Hisense (1) HTC (70) Huawei (61) iMax (32) Intex (23) Itel (33) Karbonn (17) Kingstar (3) Lava (53) Lenovo (48) LG (62) Maximus (25) Meizu (4) Micromax (45) Microsoft (13) Motorola (24) Mycell (13) Nokia (27) Octenn (5) Okapia (19) OnePlus (4) Oppo (52) Panasonic (11) Prestigio (14) Samsung (149) Sony (59) Strawberry (4) Stylus (5) Symphony (142) Vivo (27) vTech (2) Walton (102) We (22) Winmax (10) Xiaomi (31) Xolo (16) Zelta (3) ZTE (50) Price range 2000-5000 (128) 5000-10000 (365) 10000-20000 (458) 20000-50000 (429) 50000-100000 (75). RAM Range 0GB -2GB (128) 2GB-4GB (365) 4GB-6GB (458) 6GB-8GB (429) 8GB-10GB (75). Home Micromax Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Key Features Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 has operating system- Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow), CPU- Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, RAM-1 GB, internal memory- 8 GB, rear camera- 5 MP, front camera-2 MP, display size-5.00 inches, resolution- 480 x 854 pixels, battery- Li-lon 2000 mAh. Overview Micromax is an Indian consumer Electronics Company headquartered in Gurgaon, Haryana. The company was established as an IT software company operating in the embedded devices domain; it later entered the mobile handset business. By 2010, it was one of the largest domestic companies making handsets in the low-cost feature phone segment in India. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 plus Q350 is the Android smartphones manufactured and marketed by Micromax and was officially released on July, 2016. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 has operating system- Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow), CPU- Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, RAM-1 GB, internal memory- 8 GB, external memory- Up to 32 GB, rear camera- 5 MP, front camera-2 MP, display size-5.00 inches, resolution- 480 x 854 pixels, battery- Li-lon 2000 mAh, compatible networks 2G & 3G, SIM- Dual SIM and price about- 4,702 Taka. OS Android OS 6.0 Marshmallow CPU Quad-core Mediatek MT6580M 1.3 GHz RAM 1 GB Memory 8 GB, 32 GB Display 5 Inches Graphics Mali-400MP2 Camera 5 MP, 2 MP Battery Li-Ion 2000 mAh Price 4702.00 Update on 2017-06-09 Views 2272. Brand Micromax Operating System Android OS OS Version 6.0 Marshmallow GPU Mali-400MP2 Processor Clock 1.3 GHz Processor Architecture Mediatek MT6580M Core Quad-core. 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G HSDPA 900 / 2100 SIM Dual SIM (Dual Stand-by). Type IPS capacitive touchscreen Size 5 Inches Resolution 480 x 854 Pixel density 196 ppi Multi-touch Yes. Colors Gray, Copper Gold, Champagne G. Rear camera 5 Mega Pixels Front camera 2 Mega Pixels Features Yes. RAM 1 GB Internal 8 GB External 32 GB. GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Speed HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.0 USB microUSB v2.0. Audio format - MP3/AAC/WAV player Video format - MP4/H.264 player. Sensors Accelerometer, proximity GPS Yes, with A-GPS Java No FM Yes. Type Li-Ion Capacity 2000 mAh Standby Up to 350 h Talktime Up to 17 h. Announce date 2016-07-01 Release date 2016-07-01. Price 4702.00 Update on 2017-06-09. Please rate Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 smartphone according to your choice. This ratings will be helpful to others for decision making to buy this product. Above mentioned information is not 100% accurate. There is always having a chance to make a mistake to adding information. Generally we collect information from manufacturer website and other reputed sources. Please inform us if you have found any mistake or wrong information.. Introduction: Hello readers, today we want to discuss with you about young people’s favorite camera Mobile phone brand Oppo. You all know that Oppo is a worldwide familiar Smartphone brand. In Bangladesh Oppo has already grab 5% Smartphone market in Bangladesh within last two years. According to IDC report-in 2016, OPPO was ranked as the number 4 smartphone brand globally but presently OPPO provides excellent smartphone photography experience to over 100 million young people around the world.. Oppo handset brand is the most popular mobile handset brands in Bangladesh specially young generation. Introduction: Hello readers, today we want to discuss with you about young people’s favorite camera Mobile phone brand Oppo. You all know that Oppo is a worldwide familiar Smartphone brand. In Bangladesh Oppo has already grab 5% Smartphone market in Bangladesh within last two years. According to IDC report-in 2016, OPPO was ranked as the number 4 smartphone brand globally but presently OPPO provides excellent smartphone photography experience to over 100 million young people around the world.. Oppo handset brand is the most popular mobile handset brands in Bangladesh specially young generation. Introduction: Hello readers, today we want to discuss with you about young people’s favorite camera phone brand Oppo. You all know that Oppo is a worldwide familiar Smartphone brand. In Bangladesh Oppo has already grab 5% Smartphone market in Bangladesh within last two years. According to IDC report-in 2016, OPPO was ranked as the number 4 smartphone brand globally but presently OPPO provides excellent smartphone photography experience to over 100 million young people around the world.. Oppo handset brand is the most popular mobile handset brands in Bangladesh specially young generation. Walton Primo S5 Price and Review. Walton Primo S5 Price and Review. Introduction: Hello readers, today we want to discuss with you about Walton Group who is the most popular mobile handset brands in Bangladesh. In March 06, 2017 Walton Group introduced their new handset Walton Primo EF5. Basically Walton group produce priced and specified smartphones that are inexpensive but well configured with low price. In our country we know that the range of BDT 6000 -BDT 14000 are very popular and the handset price range is cover the above range that will be popular So Walton Primo S5 hand set’s low price only. Walton Primo EF5 Price and Review. Walton Primo EF5 Price and Review. Introduction: Hello readers, today we want to discuss with you about Walton Group who is the most popular mobile handset brands in Bangladesh. In November 28, 2016 Walton Group introduced their new handset Walton Primo EF5. Basically Walton group produce priced and specified smartphones that are inexpensive but well configured with low price. In our country we know that the range of BDT 6000 -BDT 14000 are very popular and the handset price range is cover the above range that will be popular So Walton Primo EF5 hand set’s low price only. Walton Primo RX5 Price and Review. Walton Primo RX5 Price and Review. Introduction: Hello readers, today we want to discuss with you about Walton Group who is the most famous mobile phone brands in Bangladesh. In July 2016 Walton Group introduced their new handset Walton Primo RX5. Basically they produce priced and specified smartphones that are inexpensive but well configured. We know that the range of BDT 6000 -BDT 14000 are very popular in Bangladesh. For this reason most of smartphone brand produce this range phone like Walton group and 11,490 Taka price will help to Walton Primo RX5 is success.. Hello readers, today we want to tell you five unused feature of smart phone. Now a days, information technology is growing very fast and almost everyone has smartphones. But we know that most of the user of smartphone who use of smartphones for just sending and receiving call, listening to music, resting in the Internet world and resting in self-evacuation. So most of user does not use some feature of his phone. Let's see the unknown feature of smartphone:Lock Screen Message:Suppose you lost your phone. But the person who got your phone does not. Mobile Phone handset manufacturing opportunity in Bangladesh. Mobile Phone handset manufacturing opportunity in Bangladesh. At presently there are 13 million mobile connections in Bangladesh. The handset market is about 0.8 million taka. For this reason Bangladesh government is giving the opportunity to establish a factory to give lower price handset to the customer. Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Agency (BTRC) is preparing a draft guidelines to issue an agreement on this. The observation of the concerned people is Bangladesh government take this initiative for save foreign currency, to create new jobs and skilled manpower, to provide lower price handsets, to reduce import illegally and to export abroad. Bangladesh will manufacturing mobile phone to meet its demands locally. Bangladesh will manufacturing mobile phone to meet its. today we want to share with you an exclusive interview of. Asifur Rahman Khan, head of marketing, Walton cellular phoneCourtesy about mobile phone market in bangladesh published DhakaTribune at 11:59 PM July 22, 2017.Bangladesh government should come up with attractive package including tax holiday and measures to create skilled workforce to tap huge opportunity of mobile phone industry to meet the demands locally, Asifur Rahman Khan, head of marketing, Walton cellular phone, told the Dhaka Tribune’s Ibrahim Hossain Ovi in an exclusive interviewWhat are the. Introduction: The vision 2021 of becoming "Digital Bangladesh" aims to make our nation stronger through effective use of modern technology on important sectors and areas like education, health, communication and alleviation of poverty levels. This clearly predicates the wider usage of electrical and electronic products throughout the country. Domestic policies aside, a worldwide surge in the use of electronic goods can be expected from a recent World Trade Organization (WTO) initiative to remove import tariffs from 201 information technology products in a $1.3 trillion deal. It is certain that all these millions of electronic. Smartphone handset market share booming rate in Bangladesh. Smartphone handset market share booming rate in Bangladesh. A craze for the smartphone among all sections of people created a mobile-market bonanza in Bangladesh, raising latest annual handset import by 22.8 per cent. Industry statistics show roughly 29.3 million mobile phones were imported in the country during the past year, the total sales value of which is around Tk 85 billion.. The statistics available with Bangladesh Mobile Phone Importers Association indicate an increase by around Tk 15.8 billion in terms of sales value from 2015, when more than 27.6 million cellphones were imported into the. Smart phone valley is one of the most comprehensive and up-to-date mobile phone information website. Our mission is to keep our readers informed about latest phone specification, news, rumors, reviews.... Five Unused Feature of Smartphone November 25,2017 Oppo A31 Price and Review August 14,2017. About us Contact us. Dhaka, Bangladesh Email: info@smartphonevalley.com. Home | Privacy Policy | Terms | Sitemap. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Deals Sell Help & Contact Track My Order My PaisaPay. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Touch screen digitizer Lens for Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Photos not available for this variation. Touch screen digitizer Lens for Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Flat Rate Courier - Delivery anywhere in India. (Credit card, EMI, Debit card, Online Bank Transfer) ,. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Replacement and refund for this product is covered through. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. Date of Packing, Import or Both:. New: A brand-new, unused and undamaged item. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Batteries Digitizers LCD Front Glass Back Panel COMBO Other. Questions and answers about this item. No questions or answers have been posted about this item.. Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to India , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Thane, MH, India. Please enter a number less than or equal to 9.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Flat Rate Courier - Delivery anywhere in India. *Sellers are not responsible for service transit time. Transit times are provided by the carrier, excluding weekends and holidays, and may vary with package origin and destination, particularly during peak periods.. Replacement and refund for this product is covered through eBay Guarantee. Credit / Debit card and online bank transfer:. Pay for this item in easy 3 or 6 months installments!. (EMI payments valid only for ICICI, HDFC or Citibank credit cards. Use PaisaPay, complete your purchase on eBay!. PaisaPay sends your money to the seller after you get the item. Most items are shipped within 2 days of payment. Replacement or Refund if you are not 100% satisfied*. Know more | *T&C apply. Available for orders up to Rs. 25000 and to COD supported locations only. Total payable amount is displayed when you review your order. (estimated and based on max bid). By clicking Confirm bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.. By clicking Confirm bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.. Resume bidding , if the page does not update immediately.. Don't let it get away - bid again!. , you're the highest bidder on this item. , you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.. , this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.. , you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.. Please enter a valid number as the bid price.. Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.. Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.. This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .. Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.. By clicking 1 Click Bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn more about 1-click bid - opens in a new window or tab. Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.. The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.. Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.. Good news, you're the high bidder.. You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.. Site Map © 2018 eBay India Private Limited. User Agreement , User Privacy Notice , Cookies. Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
How To Install TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. How To Install TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. About Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Read Also: Upgrade your upgrade Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 to Android Nougat to Android 7.0.1 / 7.1 Nougat. How To Install TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Step by step tutorial How To Install TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350:. Read Also: How to Root your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Download AutoRoot Tools V3.0 (Link Updated February 25th, 2018) AutoRoot Tools for Windows AutoRoot Tools for Mac OS X. In this tutorial, we are going to show How To Install TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Custom recovery is an essential tool for your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 that allow device modification and installation of flashable file.. Micromax released Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 on 2016, July. In terms of chipset, Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 uses Mediatek MT6580M Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU and Mali-400MP2 GPU. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 uses 5 MP, LED flash as primary rear camera. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 uses Li-Ion 2000 mAh battery. Micromax claimed that Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 battery will get you through the day with moderate usage.. Download and Install the latest version of AutoRoot. Download the latest version of TWRP custom recovery from here. Run AutoRoot Tools on your PC, then connect your phone via its USB sync cable. Wait few seconds for AutoRoot Tools to recognise your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 model and version number. If it’s not detected automaticaly, you can choose Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 in setting to manually set your device.. Your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 screen may show an “Allow USB debugging?” pop-up. Tick “Always allow from this computer,” then tap OK. Click on the browse button, and choose the TWRP img file you just downloaded on step 2 and press Start.. Once the process is done, your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 will restart on TWRP recovery mode.. That is all about How To Install TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 using AutoRoot Tools. If you have any question regarding How To Install TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350, let us know in the comment section below.. NB: Eventhough the picture tutorial is not for Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350, but the process of installing TWRP Custom Recovery on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 using AutoRoot Tools is also same.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment.. 
This page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page. Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.. Rama Krishna Raju , studied at Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. Answered Mar 13, 2017 · Author has 359 answers and 839.1k answer views. Your device must have atleast 60% of charge. Goto Settings -> Security and enable the "Unknown sources". For your safety, please take backup of your importent stuffs. Turn on USB debugging mode from Developer Options on your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. To turn on USB debugging you have to enable Developer options, GoTo settings -> About and tap multiple times on build number. Goto official TWRP page and download twrp-2.8.x.x-xxx.img file for your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. Keep twrp-2.8.x.x-xxx.img file in a separate folder. Your PC must have ADB & fastboot installed and configured. For quick installation try 15 Second ADB installer. Download link Now connect your device to your PC and goto twrp folder and press and hold shift then rightclick on white space and "Open command window here". Now type following commands at command prompt. "adb reboot bootloader" - to boot your device into bootloader.after booting into bootloader type "fastboot flash recovery twrp-2.8.x.x-xxx.img" - this will flash TWRP recovery on your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. "fastboot reboot" - to reboot your device.After reboot type "adb reboot recovery" - to boot into recovery mode. If you Have already installed TWRP : Download Super SU by chainfire from the following link and put it in the root of your internal storage.Boot into TWRP from your device and install/flash UPDATE-SuperSU-vX.XX.zip zip in your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350.Congratualtions, you have successfully rooted your device and installed TWRP. If your don't have a working TWRP installed then you can try : Download KingRoot APK from here and install it on your Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. After installation go to app drawer and open KingRoot app and click on orange circle("FIX") then wait for some time. Now, Reboot your device.If you want to istall SuperSU and remove any other apps like KingRoot etc the just download and install SuperSU me apk on you device and follow instructions.. Do this on your own risk. You device's warranty may be void after following these instructions. If any thing goes wrong and you just end up with a bricked or semi-bricked device then nieghter our site or any of these app devolopers will be responsible.. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 announced on 2016, July. Out of the box, it comes with Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. It has 5.0 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 16M colors. It's screen has a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels (~196 ppi pixel density). Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 is powered by Mediatek MT6580M chipset. It has Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU with 1 GB RAM and it has Mali-400MP2 as a Graphics Processing Unit(GPU). It has internal storage of 8 GB with support of microSD, up to 32 GB as external storage. It has Dual SIM with GSM / HSPA network support of speed HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 has main rear camera of 5 MP, LED flash. It has li-ion 2000 mah battery with stand-by time of Up to 350 h and talk time of Up to 17 h.. Steps to install TWRP on Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350. We strongly suggest you to visit xda-developers , and do some research on the way to root Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350.. Methods to Root Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 without PC. After rooting check the root status with root checker app. More Info: Methods to Root Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 & install TWRP custom recovery. 3.2k Views · View Upvoters. promoted by MIT Sloan Executive Education. 3-month advanced online course by MIT Sloan. Learn the design thinking approach & increase your success rate for innovation substantially. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.. How can I root my Micromax canvas Q350 if Kingoroot didn’t worked and recovery method also failed.. Is it good to root micromax canvas Q380?. How do I root Micromax A068?. How can I root my Micromax A350 Canvas Knight 4.4.2?. How do I root my Android v6.0.1 Micromax AQ4501?. Answered Aug 26, 2016 · Author has 793 answers and 454.5k answer views. Probably there are no CMWs build for the device. I would suggest you to use Kingo Root. It is a manual process but can root almost any phone. If Kingo Root fails, there is no way other than waiting for a custom recovery file.. 1.7k Views · Answer requested by Terry Mcginnis. Technical Genious , Engineer at Mohali, Punjab, India. Now everyone can root micromax Q350 just watch and follow steps. This root script modified by me and work 100%. Kawalpreet Juneja , Exploring Android Phone from 2012.. Updated Feb 17, 2017 · Author has 197 answers and 126.9k answer views. Also check the comment section for link:. How can I root my Micromax canvas Q350 if Kingoroot didn’t worked and recovery method also failed.. 1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Terry Mcginnis. Vaishnav Bramhankar , works at Dance. guyzz i am too in great touble of rooting my micromax Q350 i need an urgent root in my device plzzz help. 814 Views · View Upvoters. Get all 4,800 online video courses. Plans start at $9.99 a month.. Video courses in technology, programming, data science, finance, mobile apps, design and business.. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.. How do I root a Micromax A106 mobile?. How do I root a Micromax Bolt A82 without a PC?. How can I root my Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 Jellybean 4.2.2?. How can I root my Micromax A35?. How can I root Micromax Q415 Android version 6.0.1?. Should I root my 3 years old Micromax Canvas Knight?. How do I root a Micromax A092?. How do I use root apps without rooting your phone?. How do I root micromax A62?. How do I root Micromax E313 through a PC?. Still have a question? Ask your own!. How can I root my Micromax canvas Q350 if Kingoroot didn’t worked and recovery method also failed.. Is it good to root micromax canvas Q380?. How do I root Micromax A068?. How can I root my Micromax A350 Canvas Knight 4.4.2?. How do I root my Android v6.0.1 Micromax AQ4501?. How do I root a Micromax A106 mobile?. How do I root a Micromax Bolt A82 without a PC?. How can I root my Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 Jellybean 4.2.2?. How can I root my Micromax A35?. How can I root Micromax Q415 Android version 6.0.1?. A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z. About · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact. 
