Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Micromax Dual 5. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Micromax Dual 5 smartphone was launched in March 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. Micromax Dual 5 price in India starts from Rs. The Micromax Dual 5 is powered by 1.4GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 128GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Micromax Dual 5 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 13-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Micromax Dual 5 runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 3200mAh non removable battery. The Micromax Dual 5 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Infrared, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good looks and build quality Lots of security features 128GB storage Good camera quality Programmable smart key Bad Too much bloatware Image processing takes too long Gets warm with use. Read detailed Micromax Dual 5 review. Micromax Dual 5 to Go on Sale in India Today. Micromax Dual 5 With 13-Megapixel Dual Rear Cameras Launched at Rs. More Micromax mobiles Micromax mobiles price in India. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India Dual 5 (Gold, 128GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. Release date March 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Weight (g) 164.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3200 Removable battery No Colours Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.4GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 RAM 4GB Internal storage 128GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 13-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared Yes USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Micromax Dual 5. 3.6 Out of 5. 5 Star 3 4 Star 2 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 5 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By rock | 13 Apr 2017. Wow!! Good mobile Great camera.... good battery backup....I love this phone. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By vijay zagade | 29 Mar 2017. Guyz please buy this phone if you can afford it, I am an Indian and using YU Yurekas S also from Micromax.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Srinivasan Mahalingam | 11 Apr 2017. IN MY PERSONAL OPINION PRICE COULD HAVE BEEN RS20000/- SINCE ITS ASSEMBLED IN INDIA & MICROMAX CAN AFFORD TO PRICE IT COMPETITIVELY & ALSO BECAUSE THE COMPANY IS INTO VARIOUS SEGMENTS.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Nikhil Sharma | 9 Apr 2017. don't buy this phone because micromax is not doing anything in making smartphones. it's just a copy of an another mobile phone company called chikoo.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By هادي خآن | 21 Apr 2017. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Micromax Dual 5 to Go on Sale in India Today. Micromax Dual 5 With 13-Megapixel Dual Rear Cameras Launched at Rs. Micromax Bharat 5 Plus Micromax Bolt Q3001 Micromax Bharat 2 Plus Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax Bharat 5 Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra Micromax Bharat 1 Micromax Selfie 3 Micromax Bharat 4 Micromax Bharat 3 Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Evok Dual Note Micromax Selfie 2 Micromax Canvas 1 Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) Micromax Evok Power Micromax Evok Note Micromax Bharat 2 Micromax Spark Vdeo Micromax Vdeo 3 Micromax Vdeo 4 Micromax Vdeo 2 Micromax Vdeo 1 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Micromax Bolt Q326+ Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition Micromax Unite 4 Plus Micromax Bolt Supreme 4. Qiku Q Terra Yu Yureka 2 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Micromax Dual 5 vs. Micromax Canvas Spark 3 Micromax Dual 5 vs. Vivo V5 Coolpad Cool M7 vs. Micromax Dual 5 Micromax Dual 5 vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Intex Elyt E1 vs. Micromax Dual 5 Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro vs. Micromax Dual 5 Intex Aqua Lions X1 vs. Micromax Dual 5 Karbonn Alfa 18 vs. Intex Aqua Lions X1 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Micromax Dual 5 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 4 out of 5 stars. Ketan Pratap , 13 April 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The Micromax Dual 5 sports two 13-megapixel cameras at the back. It has been priced at Rs. Gadgets 360 rates the phone 8 out of 10. Micromax Dual 5 design Micromax Dual 5 specifications and software Micromax Dual 5 camera performance. Domestic manufacturer Micromax was one of the top smartphone vendors in the first half of 2016. An IDC study for Q2 2016 pegged Micromax as the second highest ranked smartphone vendor , following only Samsung. However, the industry has seen massive changes since then, and Chinese brands had taken over by the end of the year. As per the latest numbers, no domestic manufacturer is even in the top five.. Micromax is responding with the launch of a new smartphone series called Dual, and the first model to launch is called the Dual 5. On paper, the Micromax Dual 5 packs a lot of punch in terms of specifications as well as some software enhancements. The company also claims that the Dual 5 sports the best camera in its segment.. Micromax plans to use this new series to achieve a 10 percent market share in the premium smartphone category (phones above Rs. 20,000), but the road ahead won't be easy. Will this new phone be able to take on some of the biggest names in the market? We try to find out in our review.. The Micromax Dual 5 has an all-metal body with chamfered edges, and it feels solid right away when you hold the device in your hand. 2.5D curved-edge glass on the front adds to the overall appeal and makes this device feel premium. This phone looks familiar from the rear, with antenna bands running across the top and bottom. You can also find the two cameras, dual-tone LED flash, and fingerprint scanner at the back, all arranged in a symmetrical column down the middle. A Micromax logo can be seen lower down, and we quite like this minimal branding, as the phone looks neat without multiple logos. The curved edges offer good grip and also help the phone fit comfortably in your palms. Micromax calls it an "Arc design.". The power and volume buttons are on the right, and there's a customisable "smart key" on the left. The hybrid dual-SIM tray is also located on the left. There is a 3.5mm audio socket and an infrared emitter for controlling electronic appliances on the top. The bottom packs a USB Type-C port and speaker grille. The Dual 5 has capacitive buttons for Android navigation right below the display. They aren't backlit, which is a problem for a phone at this price.. Despite featuring a 5.5-inch display, the Micromax Dual 5 was manageable in terms of holding and using with just one hand, though our recommendation would be to use it with both hands because the metallic back panel can be a little slippery. Considering its screen size, the Dual 5 is light in weight at 164 grams.. In our opinion, the Dual 5 is one of the best-looking smartphones that Micromax has ever launched. It definitely looks appealing compared to other phones in its price segment.. The Dual 5 is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor, which has four Cortex-A72 cores clocked at 1.8GHz and four Cortex-A53 cores clocked at 1.4GHz. There's 4GB of RAM and a massive 128GB of storage, which is one of main highlights of this device as there aren't many options in. this price segment with that much in-built storage. Xiaomi Mi Max Prime is another handset with 128GB storage and Snapdragon 652 processor, but these are the only things common with the Dual 5.. It also features a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) Super Amoled display with 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. Micromax says that this screen can reproduce 100 percent of the NTSC colour gamut. Additionally, the Dual 5 supports storage expansion using a microSD card (up to 128GB) if you forego a second SIM. Connectivity options include 4G with VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11ac, and Bluetooth 4.1. The phone also has an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyroscope, infrared sensor, and proximity sensor. It packs a 3200mAh battery and supports Quick Charge 3.0, which the company claims enables the smartphone to be charged to 95 percent in just 45 minutes, a claim we will put to test.. This phone runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with the company's own UI on top. Micromax has developed a new UI which is likely to be seen on more devices in the future. The new interface doesn't have an app drawer which means all the apps are placed on the home screen. App icons, quick setting toggles, and the Settings app have received a complete makeover. The new skin packs a lot of animations, and we especially liked the look of the preinstalled Speedup memory management app. You can set "smart key" to launch any app without having to unlock the phone first.. There's a Themes app that lets users select from six default themes as well as choose wallpapers, ringtones, and fonts. Unfortunately, there is no way to add more themes at the moment, but we hope that this will change in the future. There's also a separate Wallpaper app that lets you change the wallpaper just by tapping on the app icon, which can be amusing. A Freezer app lets users drag and drop apps that are not used often, which might help make the phone run faster.. Users can set up the Anti-theft app by linking a Google account to the phone. You should then be able to track the device if it gets lost. We were impressed with Micromax's new SafeSwitch feature which is meant to prevent loss of data upon theft. At the launch of the Dual 5, the company explained that the phone's physical buttons will automatically lock if its SIM card is pulled out, and the only way to disable that is by entering a password within 30 seconds. This will prevent the phone from being turned off, and thus could help users track the phone. Further, if no password is entered within 60 minutes of the SIM being pulled out, the phone can be wiped clean of personal data. Additionally, if someone attempts to unlock your phone, a photo of them can be taken and sent to an account of your choice.. Micromax says that the Dual 5 has an independent security chip for storing passwords and fingerprints, and uses EAL 5+ military-grade security. The Dual 5 also has a feature called SecureVault which is a second space that you can unlock with a different fingerprint. Information stored in this space is not accessible unless you unlock it. The feature worked as expected when we tried it. There are also apps called 360 Security and 360 Clone for even more security. An app called Heat Source lets you identify apps running in the background which might be causing the phone to get hot. As you can see, there are lots of preinstalled apps on this phone, but thankfully, quite a few of them are removable. We also wish that this phone shipped with the Android Nougat, which is becoming more common across price segments.. The Micromax Dual 5 gets its name from its defining feature - dual 13-megapixel cameras at the back. Both the cameras capture photos simultaneously, and then the phone's software processes their output into a single image. The two sensors are used to capture focus and depth-of-field information. Both cameras have f/1.8 apertures, and support phase detection autofocus (PDAF). You can achieve a bokeh effect, a feature that has lately been seen on a lot of phones.. The camera app is set to dual-sensor mode by default, though you can change this manually. The biggest strengths of the Dual 5's cameras are colour reproduction, details, and sharpness. In well-lit conditions, the phone managed to take great photos, especially close-up shots. We were impressed with Micromax Dual 5's ability to focus quickly, but it takes a long time to process images, which might irritate users. We were surprised that the camera took the same amount of time in regular mode as it took in dual mode. We hope that Micromax can improve this time with future software updates.. Tap to see full-sized Micromax Dual 5 camera samples. Low-light shots on the Dual 5 varied depending on the source of light around. Some shots were impressive, but areas in the dark tended to be lost. We found a lot of noise in low-light samples taken with the Dual 5, although textures and colours were somewhat preserved. Shots looked great on the phone's display but the noise was evident when seen on larger screens.. The Dual 5 also has a 13-megapixel front camera with an f/2.0 aperture. The app has a SmartBeauty mode to enhance selfies. We found that the Dual 5 can take some decent selfies with good colour reproduction and details in the daylight, but ones taken at night don't have the same quality.. The phone's camera app offers plenty of modes and tweaks. The Pro mode lets you adjust White Balance, ISO, focus, as well as shutter speed manually. The Macro mode is for close-up photography. The camera supports 4K video recording as well as slow-motion, GIF, and time lapse videos. There are also a few filters to choose from.. Micromax Dual 5 battery life and. performance The Dual 5 impressed us with its general performance, and we did not face any lags or stutters when multitasking. It could play HD video files without any trouble. We were also impressed with the sound from the speaker, which didn't get distorted at higher volumes and was good enough to fill a room. We didn't receive a retail box with our review sample, so we can't comment on the bundled earphones. However, the sound quality through our own earphones was decent as well.. Call quality on the Micromax Dual 5 is excellent, and it supports VoLTE (voice over LTE). Micromax states that the Dual 5 is equipped with stereoscopic antennas which enhance signal reception by up to 3X. During our review, we found that it was able to latch on to cellular networks in areas with weak signals. The Super AMOLED panel is bright and sharp. Colours were vibrant and touch sensitivity was also excellent. The viewing angles were decent, and it did relatively well outdoors. The fingerprint scanner is also pretty quick.. The Dual 5 returned some impressive benchmark scores which are at par with other phones in the same price segment. It produced scores of 80,610 in AnTuTu and 35,845 in Quadrant, as well as 33fps in GFXBench and 10,504 in 3DMark Ice Storm Extreme.. During our review, we noticed that the Dual 5 got warm when stressed with benchmark apps or when we used the camera app for a long duration. The phone also got warm while navigating using Google Maps with GPS turned on. Graphics-intensive games such as Dead Trigger 2, Asphalt 8, and Super Mario Run also led the Dual 5 to get slightly warm at the back. This wasn't a huge issue, but it was noticeable.. With heavy usage, the Dual 5 easily managed to last a full day and we had no complaints about the battery. In our HD video loop test, the Dual 5 ran for 10 hours and 50 minutes, which is good, but we have seen better from other phones with similar battery capacities. We found that a 20 minute charge took the phone up from zero to around 40 percent, and it was fully charged in less than an hour.. Verdict The Micromax Dual 5 managed to surprise us with its overall performance. It lives up to its promise of high-quality photos with its dual rear cameras, which is its USP. The company offers a one-year free replacement warranty, which is a segment first. Beyond this offer, Micromax also claims that it has made improvements to its after sales service network, and turnover time in metro cities is now one business day.. The Dual 5's price and specifications seem to have been calibrated to make it compete directly with phones such as the Vivo V5 Plus ( Review ), Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) , and Asus ZenFone 3 ( Review ) - all of which are priced at around the same level. The Dual 5 can also be seen as an alternative to the Honor 8 ( Review ) which is more expensive. If you're willing to spend a bit more, the OnePlus 3T ( Review ) starts at Rs. 29,999 and offers a better overall package.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good looks and build quality Lots of security features 128GB storage Good camera quality Programmable smart key Bad Too much bloatware Image processing takes too long Gets warm with use. Read detailed Micromax Dual 5 review. Micromax Dual 5 to Go on Sale in India Today. Micromax Dual 5 With 13-Megapixel Dual Rear Cameras Launched at Rs. More Micromax mobiles Micromax mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , India , Micromax , Micromax Dual 5 Price , Micromax Dual 5 Price in India , Micromax Dual 5 Specifications , Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Paytm Now Lets You Place Orders at Physical Stores Using QR Codes. Thor: Ragnarok Trailer - Chris Hemsworth Loses His Hammer and Meets Hulk. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Airtel Joins Global Alliance for In-Flight Data Connectivity This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 679 results for "Micromax Dual 5". Micromax Canvas Juice 2 AQ5001 Dual Sim 5inch 1.3Ghz 8MP 8GB. 5-inch (12.7 centimeters) IPS HD ... up to 32GB and dual SIM (GSM+GSM) .... New Micromax Canvas Sliver 5 Q450 Unlocked 4G Phone, world's slimmest phone ever just 5.1mm, 4.8inch HD display. Product Features 8MP AF Rear Camera & 5MP FF Front Camera. Micromax Canvas Nitro 2 E311 Dual Sim 5inch 1.4Ghz Octa Core. Camera : The Micromax Canvas Nitro ... back camera & 5MP front camera .... MMOBIEL Handsfree Bluetooth FM Radio Wireless Transmitter Dual Port 5V/2A Charger Car Kit with Music Control Audio Receiver +3.5mm AUX Stereo Output. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Dual USB Charging port: Output Voltage, DC 5V /2A. Micromax canvas Spark Q380 Unlocked Dual SIM Smartphone, 8MP, 4.7"qHD Display. Product Features Android Lollipop 5.0. Premium Wireless Bluetooth Headphones W/mic Bass HD Stereo Earphones Noise Cancelling IPX7 Sweatproof Earbuds iPhone Samsung iOS Android 4.1 Headset Running Sports Gym Workout by ProTechWorld, Black. Micromax Brahat 2 Q402, Canvas Evok Note E453, Power Q4260, Dual 5 .... Micromax Unite 3 Q372 Dual Sim 4.7inch 1.3Ghz Quad Core 8MP. Android v 5.0 Lollipop operating ... up to 32GB and dual SIM (GSM+GSM) .... Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Screen Protector, BoxWave [ClearTouch Anti-Glare (2-Pack)] Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film Skin for Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro | Dual 5. Dual -layered high-grade PET film from Japan designed for durability .... Syrox Type-C Car Charger & Port, Reversible 4 ft Fast Charging for Micromax Dual 5, Samsung Galaxy Note 8, S8 Plus, LG V30, V20, G6, G5, Google Pixel, Nexus 6P, Nintendo Switch and All. USB-C Port: ( 5V /3A, Meet USB-C Standard) & USB-A Port: (Quick charge 3. Micromax Canvas Juice 4G Q461 Accessory Kit, 2 in 1 Rapid Charging 2.1 Amp Dual USB Wall Charger Adapter + 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync Cable BLACK. includes Dual USB Travel Charger + Detachable Full Power 5 ft Micro .... FULL Power Micromax Bolt Q338 Smartphone 5Amp Charging Micro-USB 2.0 Data Cable's Dual Chipset Charges up to 5Amp/5,000mah Power Speeds Easily! (White). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Q340 - black. FULL Power Micromax Canvas Knight Cameo SmartPhone Charging Micro-USB 2.0 Data Cable's Dual Chipset Charges up to 5A/5,000mah Power Speeds Easily! (Black). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. MMOBIEL Car Charger High Speed Dual USB Car Adapter (5V/2.4A & 5V/1.0A) output with Blue LED Screen for Charging and battery Status. CAR CHARGER Dual USB Car Adapter ( 5V /2.4A & 5V/1.0) with LED Screen .... Micromax Dual 5 SmartPhone QUICK CHARGE 3.0 18W Wall Charging Kit with (2)5Ft Cables. Both a USB Type-C & MicroUSB Cable! [Qualcomm and UL Certified / 110-240v / 82 Voltages). by Certified Accessory for Micromax. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. QUICK CHARGE 3.0 your Micromax Dual 5 SmartPhone 27% faster & 38% More .... Syrox 10-Pack Type-C Car Charger & Port, Reversible 4 ft Fast Charging for Micromax Dual 5, Samsung Galaxy Note 8, S8 Plus, LG V30, V20, G6, G5, Google Pixel, 6P, Nintendo Switch and All. USB-C Port: ( 5V /3A, Meet USB-C Standard) & USB-A Port: (Quick charge 3. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
ADD TO CART BUY NOW. Micromax Dual 5 (Champagne, 128 GB) (4 GB RAM). Micromax Dual 5 (Champagne, 128 GB). No Cost EMIs from ₹ 2,778 /month. Other EMIs from ₹ 1,213 /month. Get upto ₹ 18,000 off on exchange. Bank Offer Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Partner Offer First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Brand Warranty of 1 Year Available for Mobile and 6 Months for Accessories. Enter pincode for exact delivery dates/charges. 4 GB RAM | 128 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB 5.5 inch Full HD Display 13MP + 13MP Dual Rear Camera | 13MP Front Camera 3200 mAh Battery Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 Octa Core 1.8GHz Processor. No cost EMI starting from ₹2,778/month Cash on Delivery Net banking & Credit/ Debit/ ATM card. View 4 sellers starting from ₹ 22,000. Revolutionize photography with the Micromax Dual 5. With two 13 MP rear cameras and one 13 MP front camera, this smartphone will change the way you click pictures.. Capture the world around you, irrespective of where you are and what time of the day it is, with the Micromax Dual 5’s two 13 MP rear cameras with Dual Tone Flash. The dual rear cameras ensure every picture turns out to be more lifelike with increased colour vibrancy, depth and focus. Even the photos taken in low-light conditions turn out to be noise-free and crystal clear.. Hate combining your personal life with professional life? Then you will love the Micromax Dual 5. This phone allows you to create dual profiles. Store all your professional and confidential data in one profile and access it by scanning your finger on the fingerprint scanner. With the SecureVault technology and unbreakable military grade security chip and encryption, this smartphone protects your confidential information.. Game all-day, text your friends, work on your presentation, and do much more without facing any lag as this Micromax smartphone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor and advanced graphic performance of Qualcomm Adreno 510 GPU, along with 4GB LPDDR3 RAM.. Thanks to its powerful 3200 mAh battery, with this phone you will never miss an important moment. Stay connected all day and go from 0% to 100% battery in just about 45 minutes, thanks to its Quick Charge 3.0.. What makes this phone so attractive is its arc design and all-metal body with chamfered edges. This phone also gives you an immersive viewing experience, thanks to its 13.97 cm (5.5) FHD AMOLED screen. The 2.5D glass and Corning Gorilla Glass 3 further make this smartphone a durable one.. With the Micromax Dual 5 in your hands, you won’t need another professional camera to bring out the photographer in you. This phone comes with impressive modes, like the Night Mode, Blurry Mode, Pro Mode and Slow Shutter Mode, to capture every moment.. Thanks to Sony’s 13 MP front camera with a 2-tone rear Soft Flash, this smartphone makes every picture look natural, even the ones that are taken with flash on.. Your little one’s first race, your friend’s funny laugh, your pet playing - capture unforgettable and memorable videos with the Dual 5 in 4K Ultra HD resolution.. Tired of deleting messages and old photos every time you want to store something new? With the Micromax Dual 5, you don’t have to do it as it comes with 128 GB ROM. Its memory can further be expanded by up to 256 GB.. Why have multiple remotes when you can have the Micromax Dual 5. This phone, with an integrated IR blaster, allows you to manage different appliances like your home theatre system, AC, projector and set-top box.. Thanks to the Android Marshmallow OS, the Micromax Dual 5 gives you a wow experience.. Don't worry about losing the Micromax Dual 5 as it comes with impressive security and safety features. You can not only easily locate your phone but you can also destroy all the data easily as this phone gets locked in 30 seconds when the SIM is taken out.. Handset, USB Cable, Charger, Headset, User Guide, Protective Cover, Sim Tray Gear E4820 Dual 5 Champagne Smartphones Dual Sim Yes Yes Yes Yes. 5.5 inch 1920 x 1080 pixels Full HD Adreno 510 AMOLED 2.5D Glass, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Android Marshmallow 6 Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 Octa Core 1.8GHz Octa Core 1.8 GHz. 128 GB 4 GB 128 GB microSD Hybrid Slot Yes. Yes 13MP + 13MP Night Mode, Blurry Mode, Pro Mode, Slow Shutter Mode Yes 13MP Rear Dual Tone Soft Flash Yes Yes Yes Primary Camera. 4G VOLTE, 3G, 2G 4G LTE, 4G LTE 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Yes Android Yes Yes Yes Google Maps. Yes Yes Fingerprint Sensor, G-sensor, Proximity Sensor, Light Sensor, e-compass RAM Type: DDR3, Dual Profiles with SecureVault Technology (Safest Way to Hide Private Data), CC EAL 5+ Security Certification (Information Encrypted Only on the Hardware), Anti-theft (Auto Locks the Phone within 30 Seconds of SIM Card Removal, Self-destructs the Phone Data within 60 Minutes of Entering Incorrect Information), Permission Manager, Smart Universal Remote (Integrated IR Blaster), Charge 0 to 100% in 45 Minutes, Quick Charge 3.0, Panic Button, 3D Antenna Technology, Support USB Type-C, Full Metal Body, Both the sim slots supports 4G. Brand Warranty of 1 Year Available for Mobile and 6 Months for Accessories. Micromax Dual 5 (Champagne, 128 GB). Mercator Tempered Glass Guard for Micromax Dual 5. I have faced two problems one is battery backup and other is high cost.. The Best And Amazing Product From Micromax.. Excellent display, camera is mind-blowing,performance is too good,secret vault is great....overall an amazing phone. Phone has great features for this price. I hope in the future Micromax will have carplay option also. The security valut features is pretty much.. Excellent DAY CAMERA NIGHT CAMERA AVERAGE.... Good In hand feel, looks premium. Camera is gr8 better than Vivo V5 plus tested self. Super Amoled Screen is awesome gr8 viewing angles, gr8 quality. Q: Does the phone support USB OTG?. Q: Doe sthe phone come with a finger print sensor?. Q: Does the phone support Fast Charging?. Q: Does this phone support VoLTE?. Q: Does the phone heat up?. A: The phone has a Heat Source app does the following –. • Measure the contribution of individual apps to the overall system temperature. • Set an alarm to warn you when the CPU hits a predetermined temperature.. Q: Does it have a user replacable battery?. Q: What is the functionality of the dual camera?. A: The DUAL 5's two cameras do two different things. One camera has a traditional RGB sensor, meaning it takes color photos; the other has a monochrome sensor, meaning it only captures scenes in black and white. That isn't so you can take black-and-white photos (although you can do that, if you want to), it's so the DUAL 5 has more information to work with when processing what the camera sees. Also the Dual 5 has SLR level color temperature sensor which allows you to adjust through the hardware sensor which means more vibrant and accurate color reproduction.. Q: Which type of SIM Size is supported?. A: Nano + hybrid (either SIM or SD card). Q: Will the phone get a Marshmallow update?. Q: Does this phone has Gyroscope sensor..?. A: Yes Gyroscope sensor present in Micromax dual 5. You May Also Be Interested In. Payments Shipping Cancellation & Returns FAQ Report Infringement. Contact Us About Us Careers Flipkart Stories Press Sell on Flipkart. Online Shopping Affiliate Program Gift Card Flipkart First Subscription Sitemap. Policies: Returns Policy Terms of use Security Privacy Infringement © 2007- 2018 Flipkart.com.. Top Stories : Brand Directory. MOST SEARCHED IN Mobiles & Accessories: ALCATEL ONE TOUCH FLASH IPHONE 6 BEST PRICE HTC DESIRE 526 PRICE IN INDIA HTC EARPHONES MICROMAX DOODLE A111 NITRO 4G MICROMAX CANVAS NITRO PRICE IN INDIA MICROMAX A250 PRICE NOKIA LUMIA 430 MICROSOFT 640 XL NOKIA 730 PRICE IN INDIA ONE PLUS ONE MOBILE PRICE IN INDIA A5 PRICE IN INDIA SAMSUNG GALAXY CORE 2 SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 PRICE SAMSUNG STAR SONY XPERIA C5 IPHONE 6S LOWEST PRICE IN INDIA HTC CHACHA HTC DESIRE 628 MICROMAX BOLT MOTO G TURBO EDITION PRICE NOKIA 200 NOKIA X1 P55 PANASONIC REDMI NOTE 4 MOBILE PHONE SAMSUNG GALAXY ON NXT SONY Z1 PRICE. Vaishnavi Summit, Ground Floor, 7th Main,. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: March 2017 |. (4.2/5) 27 ratings Rate now. 13MP+13 MP Dual lens Primary Camera, 13 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Octa Core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 & 4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53). Micromax Dual 5 E4820 (Champagne, 128GB) 22,499 Go to Store Micromax Dual 5 (Champagne, 128 GB)(4 GB RAM) 24,999 Go to Store. Micromax Dual 5 comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa Core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 & 4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53), Qualcomm MSM8976 Snapdragon 652 that is coupled with Adreno 510 GPU,. 4 GB RAM and 128 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 128 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Micromax Dual 5 sports a 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Camera with 2160p@30fps, Geo-tagging, HDR.. Up front, the smartphone from Micromax makes use of a 13 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Micromax Dual 5 includes Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot, v4.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, with A-GPS. The Micromax Dual 5 gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Ion 3200 mAh battery.. The Micromax Dual 5 runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. Micromax Dual 5 comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Amazon, Flipkart and leading offline stores.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date March 2017 Indian Release Date March 2017 DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) AMOLED PROCESSOR CPU Octa Core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 & 4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53) GPU Adreno 510 Chipset Qualcomm MSM8976 Snapdragon 652 STORAGE Internal Storage 128 GB Storage RAM 4 GB RAM External Storage Up to 128 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Yes Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Yes CAMERA Primary camera 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Camera Front Camera 13 MP Camera Video Recording 2160p@30fps Camera Features Geo-tagging, HDR MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, MIDI, AAC, AMR, AAC+,WAV Video Player MPEG4, H.264 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 3200 mAh battery CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0 Infrared Port Yes USB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector GPS Facility with A-GPS Browser HTML 3G Speed HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor. 3 GB 13MP. 6 GB 12MP. Motorola Moto X4 (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 12MP. 6 GB 16MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTY2NTIyfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dualcamera setup !. OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dualcamera setup !. Micromax Dual 5 to hit the Indian market today April 10, 2017. Micromax Dual 5, the company's first smartphone to feature a rear dual camera setup is going on sale in India today. 24,999, the phone will be available in Micromax's online store, Flipkart and offline stores as well.. Micromax Dual 5 launched: Competition for Redmi Note 4, Moto G5 Plus and more March 31, 2017. Micromax has announced the latest smartphone dubbed Micromax Dual 5 has been launched in India at a price of Rs. The highlight of the Micromax Dual 5 is its dual camera setup at the rear. LG L80 Dual: 5 Inch Dual SIM Android Smartphone Listed Online at Rs 17,500 May 27, 2014. It's hardly a secret that LG will unveil the G3 flagship handset later in the evening. The much hyped handset is expected to give Samsung Galaxy S5 a run for money if LG puts an according price tag to it. Micromax Evok Dual Note (4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 & 4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53). Dual: 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging: 0-100% in 45 min (Quick Charge 3.0). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Micromax Dual 5 - user opinions and reviews. Hello guys I got my phone yesturday. Im facing a problem im not receiving gmail and few other apps notifications..any guesses why so?? Please help me to solve it.... why mmx not spent money on s/w updates?. Is this device upgradable into android 7.0?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Micromax Dual 4 E4816. Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax A106 Unite 2 Micromax Canvas Spark Q380 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Micromax Canvas 2 Q4310. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Micromax / Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 4.4 139 Ratings 10 Questions & Answers. Micromax Dual 5 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The smartphone has a 5.5-inch HD IPS display. It has a dual 13+5MP rear camera with an LED flash and a 5MP front-facing camera. The device is powered by a 1.8GHz octa-core MediaTek processor and 4GB RAM. It has 128GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a non-removable Li-Ion 2,800 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 22,499. Key Specifications Snapdragon 652 processor 4GB RAM 128GB internal storage 3200 mAh battery Dual (13 M.Pixels) rear & 13 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. Micromax Dual 5 Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Micromax Dual 5 is at Amazon, which is 10% less than the cost of Dual 5 at Flipkart (Rs. Home-grown smartphone manufacturer Micromax has introduced the company's first dual camera device. The Micromax Dual 5 ships with decent features alongside two rear camera sensors. Also, there is a fingerprint reader on the front which is embedded in the home button.. The striking point of the Dual 5 is the presence of two rear sensors. The device comes with a dual 13+5-megapixel primary shooter which you can use to capture good images even under low-light using the LED flash. On the front, to assist selfies and vide calls, there is a 5-megapixel front-facing shooter.. At its heart, to ensure smooth sailing, the smartphone is powered by a 1.8GHz octa-core MediaTek chipset and 4GB of RAM that supports lag-free multitasking. The Micromax Dual 5 flaunts a 5.5-inch HD IPS display that reproduces bright and crisp colours, and outdoor legibility is also decent.. The device ships with an internal storage space of 128GB which can be expanded further using a microSD card. The device is fuelled by a Li-Ion 2,800mAh battery which is expected to support talk time of about 12 hours.. The Micromax Dual 5 runs the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system out of the box and is bundled with all the regular connectivity options which include Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, 4G , dual-SIM support, and microUSB 2.0 port.. Micromax Dual 5 Specifications Display Display Type AMOLED Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 401 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Primary Dual (13 M.Pixels) Front 13 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 128GB RAM 4GB Expandable MicroSD, 128GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3200 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB MicroUSB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired MicroUSB v2.0 Processor Variant Snapdragon 652 Architecture Cortex-A72 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 1.8 GHz (Quad Core) + 1.4 GHz (Quad Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8976 GPU Adreno 510 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Does it have a wireless charging option?. No, it doesn't have a wireless charging option.. How is the battery life of this mobile?. It has a 3400 mAh battery with USB 3.0 Type- C charger. The battery can last a full day on one charge with good to average use.. Does it have a front flash?. No, it doesn't have a front flash.. Does it have a fingerprint sensor?. Yes, it does have the fingerprint surface.. How is the camera quality of this phone?. User Reviews of Micromax Dual 5. 5 Ratings 3 Reviews. 5 4. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Micromax mobile price list in India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price (Rs. iPhone 6 32GB price in India (Rs. Nokia 8 price in India (Rs. iPhone SE price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro price (Rs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Micromax Dual 5. Micromax Dual 5 with dual-rear cameras launching tomorrow. Micromax is finally joining the industry trend of introducing a dual rear cameras-toting smartphone The new Micromax Dual 5 with twin back-placed cameras is set to launch tomorrow noon in IndiaThe Micromax Dual 5 E4815 smartphone features a unibody metal design It comes with a 55-inch Full. Micromax Dual 5 with dual 13-megapixel cameras launches for Rs 24,999. Micromax introduces its first dual camera smartphone - Micromax Dual 5 - in India The Micromax Dual 5 is the companys first smartphone to feature twin cameras at the back The Dual 5 will sell exclusively at Flipkart starting April 10 Even the Micromax E-store as well as offline stores will sel. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you when product becomes available.. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Micromax Dual 5 was obtained on 26th February 2018 16:17:15 The Micromax Dual 5 is available in Amazon, Flipkart, Shopclues The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Micromax Dual 5 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Micromax Dual 5 is available in Beige colours across various online stores in India.. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India is Rs. 22,499 as on 26th February 2018 16:17:15. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Fasten your seatbelts as Micromax is ready to #RevolutionizePhotography with the new Dual 5.. With its two 13 MP rear cameras and one 13MP front camera, 13.97 cm (5.5) FHD SUPER AMOLED screen, and high-end SecureVault technology, Micromax Dual 5 will change the way you take pictures.. Double the picture quality of your favourite moments, as Dual 5 is equipped with not one, but two 13 MP rear cameras - for increased colour vibrancy, depth and focus. What's more, photos taken in low-light conditions are noise-free and crystal clear.. Dual 13MP+13MP Rear Camera with Dual Tone Flash. 13.0MP Front Camera with Soft Flash. Quit looking for a DSLR to click stunning pictures. Dual 5 comes with impressive modes to capture every moment at its best.. Get clear and natural night-time pictures, without using a flash, powered by secondary monochrome camera, F/1.8 aperture & SLR class color temperature sensor.. Want professional style photos with great depth of field? With Blurry-mode, easily blur the background in portrait pictures, when the focus is away from the subject.. Now change shutter speed, focus, and aperture like a pro.. Captures the subject in motion, with better light exposure. Best suited to photograph the light trails of a moving car or fire shows.. Note: Make sure you have good ambient lighting, when shooting with this mode.. Quit looking for a DSLR to click stunning pictures. Dual 5 comes with impressive modes to capture every moment at its best.. Get clear and natural night-time pictures, without using a flash, powered by secondary monochrome camera, F/1.8 aperture & SLR class color temperature sensor.. Want professional style photos with great depth of field? With Blurry-mode, easily blur the background in portrait pictures, when the focus is away from the subject.. Now change shutter speed, focus, and aperture like a pro.. Captures the subject in motion, with better light exposure. Best suited to photograph the light trails of a moving car or fire shows.. Note: Make sure you have good ambient lighting, when shooting with this mode.. The Sony 13 MP front camera with a 2-tone rear Soft Flash eliminates the unnatural picture quality of regular flashes, making your smile shine the brightest.. Create unforgettable videos with the powerful Dual 5 that lets you record & playback videos in 4K Ultra HD resolution.. Create a secret dual profile within your phone to store private photos, files and messages, with SecureVault technology- the safest way to hide private data. The information stays invisible in normal mode protecting it from prying eyes, and can be unlocked only with your unique fingerprint.. With the ROM partitioned into two halves, SecureVault creates a secret repository for your files, messages and apps, within the same phone. This profile is completely protected and invisible in the normal mode. It can only be accessed through a particular fingerprint, making sure that your information remains only in your hands.. CC EAL 5+ Security Certification (best among civilian phones) Information encrypted only on the hardware. Own one of the world's most secure phones. Powered by an unbreakable military grade security chip, Dual 5 offers hardware level security which is nearly impossible to break through.. Make thieves run for their money with the anti-theft feature of Dual 5. It auto locks the phone within 30 seconds of SIM card removal, self-destructs the phone data within 60 minutes of entering incorrect information, and photographs the thief who tries to steal your phone.. Auto-locks the phone within 30 seconds of SIM card removal.. Then self-destructs the phone's data within 60 minutes of entering incorrect information.. Nothing operates on your Micromax Dual 5 without your consent with Permission Manager. It not only controls application's access to personal data, but also limits misuse of information by external applications.. 128 GB Memory for all your Memories.. Never worry about deleting old photos, as Dual 5 comes with 128 GB ROM. Its memory is further expandable up to 128 GB, thus acting as your personal digital storehouse.. Feel the power of Qualcomm ® Snapdragon TM 652 processor & advanced graphic performance of Qualcomm ® Adreno TM 510 GPU, along with 4GB LPDDR3 RAM of Dual 5.. Supports 4K Ultra HD capture and playback. The Operating System of Dual 5 has stunning features that ensure that your experience is nothing less than wow.. This smart feature lets you drag and drop any app to the Freezer to prevent excessive load on the processor or RAM, while limiting data usage.. The Speedup technology of Micromax Dual 5 improves the smartphone's performance instantly by closing unused background apps and freeing up RAM.. This intuitive feature keeps the temperature of your device at optimal levels, by tracking CPU temperature and overall system temperature.. Dual 5 comes equipped with an integrated IR blaster.. This allows you to manage different remote-controllable devices such as TV, home theatre system, AC, projector. and set-top box - all from your phone.. Quick Charge 3.0 | Power Saving Mode | 3200mAh battery. Experience 4 times faster-than-conventional charging with Dual 5's USB type-C port, which completely revives your discharged phone in 45 minutes*.. The arc design of Micromax Dual 5 will impress you at hello. Its all-metal body with chamfered edges and jaw-dropping display gives the phone an unsurpassable finesse and charm.. CORNING ® GORILLA ® GLASS 3. 13.97 cm (5.5) FHD SUPER AMOLED screen. Press the Power button and Volume. down button to make an emergency call.. Get up to 3 times better signal. 90B, Sector-18, Gurgaon Pin Code - 122015. Mobiles & Laptops - 1860-500-8286 [email. Consumer Electronics - 1800-102-3999 [email. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Micromax is one of India's largest and most popular brands for smartphones as well as other electronics devices. It is famous for providing good value-for-money devices in the budget and mid-range segments.. Micromax has service centres in almost all the cities in India. You can locate the nearest Micromax service Centre through SMS.. Type ASC < space > City Pin code. Overview Prices Expert review User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Micromax Dual 5 details Read more. The Micromax Dual 5 flaunts a 5.5-inch AMOLED Full HD (1,080 x 1,920 pixels) display which is covered by a corning gorilla glass v3. Driving the gadget, are two quad-core processors (1.8GHz Cortex A72 + 1.2 GHz Cortex A53) aided by 4GB of RAM. The handset boots on Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system and features a fingerprint sensor at the back.. A dual camera with 13MP each is stacked at the back of the Micromax Dual 5 which results brilliant detailed images and can record videos in 4k resolution. The front shooter also features a 13MP resolution and there is a flash present beside it for night mode clicks. Coming to storage, the handset houses an internal memory of 128GB which can be further increased up to more 128GB using a microSD card.. Acting as an energy booster, is a 3,200mAh li-ion battery inclusive of quick charging support which claims to charge the phone from 0% to 100% in just 45 minutes. For networking and sharing, the phone offers a wide range of options such as dual SIM, 4G (supports Indian bands), VoLTE, 3G, 2G,. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS with A-GPS and USB Type-C (doesn't support micro-USB).. Micromax Dual 5 PRICE IN INDIA. Micromax Dual 5 price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Micromax Dual 5 is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Octa core (1.8 GHz, Quad Core + 1.2 GHz, Quad core). 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Primary Cameras. Performance ▾. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands VoLTE 128 GB + 128 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... Fingerprint sensor Gorilla Glass 3 USB OTG Support FM Radio. What makes Micromax Dual 5 unique?. The best 1 Micromax phone in terms of specifications. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 17 RATING(S). 07 May 2017 By Vinayak Kashid On flipkart.com. Please don't buy this product as I brought it as true Indian. But later come to know that this phone is rebranded by Micromax from original phone Qiku Q5 360 a Chinese phone. You can check on internet, everything same except name. Micromax betrayed me as an Indian. 27 Apr 2017 By Kaizaad Banaji On flipkart.com. The Best And Amazing Product From Micromax.. Jun 22 2017 By Kshitij Gupta. When it comes to cameras, two is better than one. 18 - 26 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Corning Gorilla Glass v3 Touch Screen. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Octa core (1.8 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A72 + 1.2 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53). Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.8 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.2 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8976 Snapdragon 652. Quad core, 1.9 GHz, Cortex A15 + Quad core, 1.3 GHz Cortex A7, Chipset: Exynos 5 Octa 5420. Quad core, 2.4 GHz, Cortex A73 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN 960. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Up to 128 GB USB OTG Support. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Primary Cameras. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. Group: 18 - 26 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 18 - 26 K. 18 - 26 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G VoLTE. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Micromax Phablet Dual SIM Camera 8 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.8 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Lesser internal memory: 64 GB vs 128 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 209 people viewed together 2013 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 13 MP. More weight: 165 grams vs 164 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 6 inches vs 5.5 inches. Quad core 1.95 GHz vs Quad core 1.8 GHz. More RAM: 6 GB vs 4 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 105 people viewed together 1402 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 3200 mAH. More expandable memory: 256 GB vs 128 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Lower pixel density: 367 ppi vs 401 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 64 GB vs 128 GB. More weight: 189 grams vs 164 grams. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.2 GHz vs Quad core 1.8 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Lesser weight: 163 grams vs 164 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 4 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 1238 people compared together. Lower battery capacity: 3050 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Lesser internal memory: 64 GB vs 128 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 128 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.8 GHz RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 111 people viewed together 1150 people compared together. More weight: 167 grams vs 164 grams. I don't want to see this. Quad core 2.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.8 GHz. Higher pixel density: 424 ppi vs 401 ppi. Lesser weight: 153 grams vs 164 grams. OS: Android RAM: 4 GB 98 people viewed together 1396 people compared together. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lower primary camera resolution: 12 MP vs 13 MP. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Lesser SIM card slots: 1 vs 2. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 128 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.5 inches. Octa core 2.2 GHz vs Quad core 1.8 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. OS: Android RAM: 4 GB SIM card slots: 2 126 people viewed together 671 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 3200 mAH. More expandable memory: 256 GB vs 128 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Lower pixel density: 386 ppi vs 401 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 64 GB vs 128 GB. More weight: 172 grams vs 164 grams. View all FAQs about Micromax Dual 5. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Which is the best phone among Oppo F3 Plus, Moto Z Play, HTC One A9 and Micromax Dual 5?. Answered by rajesh singh | 7 months ago. f3 plus more better than any phone under 27k. 3 more answer(s) | Spam?. Which is a better phone between Micromax Dual 5 and Xiaomi Mi Max 2?. Answered by rehbstar | 8 months ago. Mi max 2 as it comes with a sd 625 (which a savior nowadays for Android users) in terms of battery as well as performance sd 625 handles everything smoothly the only drawback would be the heating issue its not like a degrees but yes you can feel it or you can fix by slapping a case at back. 6 more answer(s) | Spam?. Which is a better phonescin terms of camera ZTE Nubia Z17 Mini or Micromax Dual 5?. Answered by Mukesh Singh | 8 months ago. Nubia z17 mini sagment leader under 25000. 3 more answer(s) | Spam?. Which is better between honor 8 and Micromax dual 5?. Answered by Siya Gavde | 3 months ago. Honor 8 vs Micromax Dual 5. Both the phones have their pros and cons, lets analyze both:-. 1.Has Dual Sim:-Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two devices at the same time. Reading, browsing internet and watching movies is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen.. 3.Has Front Camera Flash:-Having a front camera flash allows you to take selfies in low light.. 4.More Storage Capacity:-More memory allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications.. 1.Faster CPU:-Faster CPU means more smooth experience.. 2.Supports NFC:-NFC enables wireless payments through your device. You can also connect two NFC enabled devices just by touching them with each other.. Verdict - In my opinion,. is better overall performance and price ,if you need. You can also compare these devices on 91mobiles. Honor 8 vs Micromax Dual 5. 2 more answer(s) | Spam?. Does Micromax dual 5 does it support vr headset?. Answered by Anubhav Banerjee | 7 months ago. No it does not support VR.. People who viewed Micromax Dual 5 also viewed. Micromax Canvas 5 E481 3GB RAM. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Abhishek Baxi May 29, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. The Micromax Dual 5 delivers what it promises, and comes in a pretty nice looking chassis. It delivers good performance and manages to take some great photos.. Display 5.5-inch Full HD (1920 x 1080) AMOLED | 2.5D curved glass | Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 Octa Core 1.8 GHz | Adreno 510 GPU. Internal Storage 128 GB; expandable up to 128GB with microSD card. Front Camera 13 MP | f/2.0 aperture. Rear Camera 13 MP (f/1.8 aperture) + 13 MP (f/1.8 aperture) | PDAF | Dual LED flash. Not many will argue that 2016 was a bad year for Micromax. From being the second largest smartphone vendor in India, behind the global behemoth Samsung, Micromax was ousted from the top five as Chinese players took over the market as well as mindshare.. The company’s dominance in the budget segment took a hit with devices from other brands that offered more value-for-money or stepped on the gas in innovation or undercut pricing with the online-only model.. However, after an unusual quiet period, Micromax is back with Dual 5 – a comeback device with an aim to bring Micromax back in the game and establish its credentials in the mid-range segment – an unfamiliar territory for the company.. On paper, the Micromax Dual 5 packs in a punch and according to the company’s claims, it sports the best-in-class camera. Can it live up to the hype and the expectations? Let’s find out in our comprehensive review.. The Micromax Dual 5 feels solid right away as you take it in your hand and with a unibody metal design, it looks premium too.. The all-metal body of Dual 5 is accentuated with the chamfered edges and antenna bands running across the top and bottom on the rear. I quite liked the minimal branding at the bottom with just the Micromax logo. There are two IMEI numbers too, not to my liking, but they aren’t an eyesore either.. With a curved a 2.5D glass on the top and curved edges, the Dual 5 offers fantastic grip and the phone fits comfortably in your palm even though it sports a 5.5-inch display. At 164 grams, it’s not very light, yet it’s very ergonomic and is pleasant to hold and use for extended periods of time.. Overall, the Micromax Dual 5 looks rad, and is definitely one of the best-looking smartphones to have come from the Indian smartphone maker. There’s nothing that we’ve not seen before, but the workmanship on this one is impressive.. The Dual 5 sports a 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED display with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels and an effective pixel density of 401ppi. The display comes with a layer of scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass 3.. It’s a bright and vivid display that offers rich colors and sharp text. The contrast and color depth are impressive too and the vibrancy associated with AMOLED displays shines through here as well – although the colors might be too over-saturated for some people. The viewing angles are pretty good too. However, it is a tad reflective to my liking and while it is a problem in sunlight as is, the sunlight mode adjusts the display and brightness level to improve visibility.. Powered by the Qualcomm’s octa-core Snapdragon 652 processor, the Dual 5 packs in 4 GB of RAM and a very generous 128GB of internal storage.. The 652 is a very capable mid-ranger, and the Dual 5 runs through everyday paces very well. In my two weeks of usage, I didn’t face any lag while web browsing or navigating between the apps. Multi-tasking is a breeze too (the 4 GB RAM helps) and you can jump from one app to the other without any stuttering or significant delay. There’s no frame drops while playing graphic-intensive games like Dead Trigger 2 or Asphalt 8 or streaming HD videos. However, it does go warm when stressed. I had Google Maps open for navigation for an hour-long commute, and the phone got quite warm during the same.. A lot of people still use phones for calling (d’oh!), and the Dual 5 actually does well in that primary but often overlooked department. While the call quality on the Dual 5 is excellent, the company claims that the smartphone is equipped with stereoscopic antennas for three times better signal reception. Well, the claim holds true as far as practical, real-world observation goes. Even in areas with weak signals, the Dual 5 did manage to latch on to the network better than other devices I had on me at that moment.. The 3200mAh battery on the Dual 5 lasts a full day on moderate usage. However, the Quick Charge 3.0 support is a good addition, and it allows you to get from zero to around 40 percent in just 20 minutes and about an hour to fully charge the battery. The Dual 5 can take whatever you throw at it, reasonably of course. This one is no 8xx chip by any measure, but packs in a decent punch.. Micromax Dual 5 has capacitive buttons for navigation right below the display. It’s a shame they aren’t backlit; disappointing at this price point.. While the Dual 5 packs in a volume rocker and the power button on the right side, there’s a third button on the left side, dubbed ‘Smart Key’, which can be configured to perform different functions using the SmartKey app. There’s an infrared sensor as well that can help you control your home appliances without needing individual remote controls for each.. The Dual 5 includes a hybrid dual SIM tray which is despised by a set of users who want the ability to use two SIMs as well as a microSD card. It’s no showstopper if you aren’t one of them.. The Dual 5 packs in an independent security chip for storing passwords and fingerprints, and uses EAL 5+ military-grade security. It’s a unique proposition, though lost on most users.. Of course, the highlight of Micromax Dual 5 is its dual camera setup. The dual 13-megapixel cameras at the back capture photos simultaneously, capturing focus and depth-of-field information. Similar to the camera setup we saw on Huawei P9, one camera module captures monochrome imaging data while the second one captures RGB data.. Both cameras have f/1.8 apertures and support phase detection autofocus (PDAF). Yes, you can achieve a bokeh effect, a feature that is one of the most popular pitches for a dual camera setup these days.. In well-lit conditions, the Dual 5 captures some fantastic photos. I was surprisingly impressed with the color reproduction and the details it manages to capture. The camera focuses very quickly, but it takes quite a while to process the images. It’s actually annoying waiting for several long seconds after tapping the camera shutter button to move to the next one.. In low light or indoors, some of the shots come out great with great colors and texture. In some cases though, a lot of noise creeps in – quite noticeable when you zoom in.. On the front, there’s another 13-megapixel camera with an f/2.0 aperture…. Pretty much why the phone is marketed as one with ‘13 + 13 + 13 camera’. Outdoors in daylight, the Dual 5 can take some pretty good selfies although the ones in night are just average. There’s also a SmartBeauty mode to enhance your selfies if vanity is your thing.. The camera app offers a host of options and supports recording slow-motion and time lapse videos along with GIFs. There are different shooting modes and a few filters available too to snap on to your photos.. If camera is the biggest highlight of the Dual 5, the biggest disappointment is that it ships with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. It’s 2017, and there’s no excuse for a flagship device to not have Android Nougat out of the box or at least share a clear timeline for an upgrade.. The Dual 5 runs Micromax’s new UI on top of Android which is similar to the one by Qiku. Qiku is the ODM for this device and hence the similarity in hardware and software from the one released by Qiku. App icons, notification shade, and the Settings app all have received a makeover – and there’s no app drawer.. The Dual 5 also includes a suite of apps by 360 Security for optimization and maintenance.. There are few handy addition as well. There’s a SafeSwitch feature that prevents anyone to shut down your phone without a password. My Pixel XL was recently stolen, and I would really like to see this feature in more smartphones. Also, if one attempts to pull out the SIM without unlocking the phone, the picture of the person will be automatically sent to a pre-configured account. There’s also a SecureVault app that offers a secure space that can be accessed only with fingerprint authentication and helps you keep apps and content hidden from plain sight.. The Micromax Dual 5 delivers what it promises, and comes in a pretty nice looking chassis. It delivers good performance and manages to take some great photos.. The Micromax Dual 5 delivers what it promises, and comes in a pretty nice looking chassis.. At ₹24,999 ($387) in India, it doesn’t come cheap and is company’s most expensive phone to date. Yet, it’s a fair price for what it offers even though the mid-range flagship segment is a crowded one in the country. There’s also one-year free replacement warranty, which is a segment first, and a nice proposition.. I would’ve liked if it came with Android Nougat out of the box, but apart from that, there’s hardly anything to complain. Overall, the Dual 5 is a nice package and Micromax should be happy withby what they’ve brought to the table to kindle their resurgence.. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Listed Price : 24,999. Micromax Dual 5 Review: Premium smartphone with tricks up its sleeve. Micromax Dual 5 smartphone features a 5.5-inch full HD (1080 pixel). Super AMOLED display with Corning Gorilla glass protection. On the photography a 13-megapixel +. 13-megapixel dual rear cameras and a 13-megapixel selfie camera. The smartphone runs on a 4GB of RAM and 128GB of internal memory, which can further be expanded up to 128GB using a microSD card. The Micromax Dual 5 will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 octa-core processor. The smartphone also powered by a 3,200 mAh battery along with Quick Charge 3.0 support. Other connectivity options include fingerprint sensor at back below the camera place, Hybrid SIM support, LTE with VoLTE support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and USB.. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 Octa-Core Processor. Camera 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Camera. Internal Memory 128 GB, 4GB RAM. By Ali Pardiwala on 07 April 2017. You’ve probably been wondering where Micromax has been all these months. Full Specifications of Micromax Dual 5. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Internal Memory 128 GB, 4GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 128 GB. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 Octa-Core Processor. Camera resolution 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Camera. Moto G5s Plus vs Lenovo K8 Note vs Honor 6X vs Micromax Dual 5: Price, specifications, and features compared. Asus Zenfone Zoom S hands-on: Impressive 'Portrait Mode' for Bokeh lovers. Micromax announces 100 days replacement program for its feature phones. Dual camera smartphones under Rs 30,000 in India: Honor 6X, Micromax Dual 5 and more. Micromax Dual 5 Review: Premium smartphone with tricks up its sleeve. Micromax Dual 5 Reviews in India. Micromax Dual 5 Features & Specs. Micromax Dual 5 Vs Micromax Superfone Canvas A100. Micromax Dual 5 Vs Oppo F3 Plus. Micromax Dual 5 Vs OnePlus 5T. 19,100 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Micromax Dual 5. Nice model good featuresiksmsoskn jsidndnejrj jidjdkd jidjdkd jdjdirjrn WON'T Haven. Deepali Moray on Aug 29, 2017 03:11 PM. Here's how the specifications of the Moto G5S Plus compare .... Deepali Moray on Aug 20, 2017 11:52 AM. Asus Zenfone Zoom S hops on the industry trend of .... Deepak Gupta on Jul 06, 2017 05:24 PM. Micromax will now replace feature phone withing 100 days of .... Sambit Satpathy on Apr 27, 2017 06:08 PM. Dual-camera setup allows a user to click DSLR-like photos .... Ali Pardiwala on Apr 07, 2017 10:14 AM. Micromax is back in the spotlight with the Dual 5, a .... Write a Review on Micromax Dual 5 Review: Premium smartphone with tricks up its sleeve. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Aadhaar Virtual ID could be useless without critical updates. Madhya Pradesh Assembly's Budget Session: Congress disrupts proceedings over farm loan waivers. Meghalaya Assembly Election 2018: Rs 38 lakh cash seized from East Khasi Hills day before polls. Simbhaoli Sugars bank fraud: Amit Shah says Congress 'looting farmers' after CBI names Amarinder Singh's son-in-law. Chandrababu Naidu says Centre's failure to fulfil commitments to Andhra Pradesh causing unrest among people. Rahul Gandhi questions Narendra Modi over delay in setting up of Lokpal and 'silence' over PNB scam. Premier League: Bournemouth captain Simon Francis requests for support after being booed against Newcastle United. Adhiban Baskaran interview: I believe beating big players is part of my destiny. WADA says Russia still not compliant on anti-doping as IOC considers lifting suspension. Commonwealth Games 2018: PV Sindhu ready to change the colour of her medal from bronze to gold. Commonwealth Federation chief David Grevemberg clarifies shooting has not been scrapped from 2022 Games. Delhi govt employees say Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia 'in denial' over Anshu Prakash issue, demand apology. Vinayak Damodar Savarkar's 52nd death anniversary: All you need to know about Hindutva ideologue. China's 'covert' Maldives observatory raises red flags in India, poses threat to safety and freedom of Indian Ocean sea lanes. Spanish telecom company Telefonica launches its AI assistant, called ‘Aura’ in six countries. E-way bill: ClearTax launches software to ease bill compliance for businesses. 10 more killed in Syrian airstrikes in rebel-held Damascus suburbs despite UN ceasefire resolution. Leicester explosion: Four dead, four injured in fire in building in UK, police say incident not linked to terrorism. Bangladesh court extends bail petition of Khaleda Zia until 13 March in graft case. US should lower threshold for talks with North Korea, says South Korean president Moon Jae-in. As Xi Jinping seeks to consolidate hold on CPC leadership beyond 2023, a look at past presidential tenures in China. P-Note investments dip to 8-year low at Rs 1.19 lakh cr in January. Sensex soars over 300 points to 34,446, Nifty reclaims 10,550-mark; Realty, auto, and banking stocks gain. E-way bill: ClearTax launches software to ease bill compliance for businesses. 91% of companies surveyed experienced a fraud incident in 2017, says Kroll Annual Global risk report. Why Artificial Intelligence will lead to job opportunities, give a boost to skill upgradation. Sridevi funeral news updates: Forensic report says actor drowned in bathtub; traces of alcohol in blood. Oscars 2018: Mary J Blige, Common, Sufjan Stevens to perform at 90th Academy Awards ceremony. Sridevi passes away: Films that the veteran actor did with Jeetendra were a mini industry unto themselves. Black Panther box office report: Wakandan spectacle becomes fourth film in history to cross $100 million in second weekend. The Shape of Water director Guillermo del Toro to open a cinema named after him in his hometown. India vs South Africa: MS Dhoni's record to JP Duminy's six-hitting spree, a look at statistical highlights from T20Is. Nidahas Trophy 2018: Mayank Agarwal, Karun Nair get raw end of the deal, raising questions over selectors' competence. PSL 2018: Shahid Afridi's stunning catch, emergence of promising talent give Pakistan's T20 league a rousing start. Nidahas Trophy 2018: Vijay Shankar says dressing room familiarity will be helpful in upcoming tri-series. Vijay Hazare Trophy: Half-fit Ravindra Jadeja powers Saurashtra to 59-run victory against Andhra in semi-final. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus vs Sony Xperia XZ2 vs Nokia 8 Sirocco vs Apple iPhone X vs Google Pixel 2 XL: The flagships showdown. Sony Mobile relying on 4K HDR video recording capabilities in its Xperia XZ2 smartphone to revive sales. The bendable display sporting Galaxy X is not a gimmick, just want to ensure best user experience, says Samsung's DJ Koh. Samsung unveiled the Galaxy S9 smartphone with special emphasis on visual applications for social media. Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact launch at MWC 2018 hints at Sony's interest in the owning the smartphone space. Nagaland polls: As politicos lure voters with cash, Church's Clean Election campaign goes for toss. Commonwealth Games 2018: Dipa Karmakar rues missing out on Gold Coast event, vows to win medal at Asiad. Justin Trudeau's India visit a complete mess, but it should be viewed as a stepping stone. Donald Trump pushes for changing WTO, says it led to the emergence of China as global economic power. NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant pitches for EVs, calls for constant checks on old vehicles. Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety mints Rs 26.57 cr in opening weekend, becoming third highest weekend grosser of 2018. Sourav Ganguly reveals Ian Chappell had doubts over Greg's appointment as Team India coach. Intel announces partnership with NTT Docomo for providing 5G technology for the 2020 Olympic Games. Micromax Dual 5 Review: A good smartphone that falls short on the price and low light photography front. Micromax announced the launch of Dual 5 on 29 March 2017. This was the first smartphone launch by the company in about 6-7 months that aimed to move towards the mid-tier to premium-tier smartphones instead of the usual entry level or budget smartphones for the company. Earlier launches by the company include Micromax Canvas Mega 2 Plus, Micromax Vdeo, Micromax Canvas Spark 4G, and Micromax Canvas Amaze 2.. Dual 5, however, is the most expensive smartphone that Micromax has ever launched in the market. The smartphone aims to elevate Micromax. into the premium segment and compete with Chinese players in the market like Xiaomi, Vivo, and Oppo. The major reason for this is the financial loss and loss in market share that the company had to weather after the decision of demonetisation.. The Micromax Dual 5 is also the first smartphone by the company with a dual camera setup designed to improve. Can this new, premium and expensive smartphone help Micromax gain the ground it lost to competition? Let’s find out in this comprehensive review of the Micromax Dual 5.. The first thing that you will notice as soon as you pick up this smartphone is the fact that it looks and feels solid and premium. great in hand and the 2.5D glass along with the curved back make the device pleasant to hold and use for extended periods of time.. The smartphone sports a unibody metal design.. The front and back fuse almost seamlessly on the sides. One thing to note here is that the smartphone does not come with backlit navigation keys on the front despite Micromax opting for physical navigation keys. The top side on the front of the smartphone houses the speaker grill along with proximity sensor and front facing camera.. The back side of the Dual 5 sports the dual camera array at the top-center area of the smartphone, along with an LED flash immediately below both of the camera modules. Micromax has placed the fingerprint sensor immediately below the LED flash module on the back. The design comes with antenna bands running on the top and bottom sides of the smartphone along with a Micromax logo on the lower-middle portion of the back, where. The smartphone comes with the volume rocker and the power button on. the right side of the device. The left side sports a ‘Smart Key’ along with the SIM tray. The ‘Smart Key’ can be configured to perform different functions in the ‘SmartKey’ app. The bottom of the smartphone packs in the USB Type-C port for charging along with a speaker grill on both sides of the USB port.. Last but not least, the top of the smartphone houses a 3.5 mm headphone jack along with an Infrared sensor to control electronics around your house or office.. The Micromax Dual 5 comes equipped with a 5.5-inch Full HD Amoled display with an effective resolution of 1080x1920 pixels and about 401 ppi pixel density. The display is protected by Gorilla Glass 3 and the smartphone is powered by an Octa-core Qualcomm MSM 8976 Snapdragon 652 processor with Adreno 510 GPU. Micromax decided to throw in 4 GB RAM and a massive 128 GB internal storage along with an expandable storage slot that supports cards up to 128 GB in capacity.. The smartphone packs a dual-camera unit at the back.. You also get phase detection autofocus, and a dual tone dual-LED flash on the back of the device. Like Huawei's Leica-branded camera system, one camera module captures monochrome imaging data while the second captures RGB data. It comes with an f/1.8 aperture which is impressive. There are also other camera features like the slow shutter, night mode, HDR and a manual mode, which. completes the camera-centric package for Micromax Dual 5. The smartphone is equipped with a 13 MP camera module with an f/1.8 aperture on the front as well, for selfies.. The Dual 5 comes with dual 4G-enabled micro SIM slots where the second SIM slot is a hybrid slot working both as a SIM tray as well as microSD card tray. You can only use either one of the two at any given time. fingerprint, accelerometer, proximity and compass sensors in the smartphone. Wi-Fi, hotspot, USB Type-C, 3.5mm headphone jack, Infrared sensor, Bluetooth v4.0, GPS, and radio are the available. One thing to note here is that the Dual 5 comes preloaded with a skinned version of Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 out of the box which looks eerily similar to Qiku’s software and also comes with a 360 Security software. Micromax has said that the Qiku is the ODM for the Dual 5, hence the similarities. The company has added a USB Type-C port at the bottom that supports Quick Charge 3.0 for the 3,200 mAh battery inside.. The Dual 5 packs an impressive display with really good viewing angles. The 5.5-inch Amoled display performs well in direct sunlight, though you have to crank the brightness all the way to the top.. The FHD display panel has vibrant colour reproduction along with a good pixel density. I was glad that the display was not dull and could hold its own against the competition.. The screen does tend to reflect sunlight when directly under it and you may need to orient yourself in such a way to block the reflection. Overall, the screen was a pleasant experience, however. The Amoled display was bright enough to blind me if I accidentally unlocked and used the smartphone in. The Dual 5 runs a skinned version of Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 out of the box and just like any other skinned version of Android, it comes with some bloatware and built-in themes.. Before diving into the apps on the device, let's talk about the OS itself. The Operating system has been heavily modified with almost no sign of ‘Vanilla Android’ or ‘Stock Android’ to be seen. The home screen has been changed, there is no app drawer, the settings have been rearranged and skinned. One significant change that I noticed was the fact that the ‘Phone’, ‘Contacts’ and ‘Message’ apps have been integrated into one single app with all the three different sections appearing as tabs in the same app.. You get three separate icons for these functions and each takes you to the right tab in the app.. The Dual 5 comes with a ‘SecureVault’ which is almost like a sandboxed version of Android. What sandbox really means is that ‘SecureVault’ is a separate portion of the operating system within the Android OS with its own ‘Private files’, ‘Private camera’, ‘Private video’, ‘Private picture’, ‘Private contacts’ Private SMS’, ‘Call record’ and ‘Avatar Master’ which allows one to run two instances of any app.. The theory is that since these apps are isolated from the OS, the data within them is more secure. It comes baked in with Qihoo 360 security app which takes care of the security aspects of the phone.. For instance, you can use two WhatsApp accounts on the same smartphone using the ‘Avatar Master’. The SecureVault also gives you an option to ‘Add apps’ in the vault with their own profiles. The default way to access this vault is using the Fingerprint scanner. Every time you unlock using the phone with the fingerprint scanner, the phone directly launches ‘SecureVault’.. The interesting thing that I noticed was the I actually liked this skinned OS despite my affinity towards stock Android. I used the ‘Aqua’ theme out of the six built-in themes and fell in love with how clean and consistent it felt. The first thing to note here is that the ‘Theme’ section allows you to change the font, wallpaper, ringtone and the overall theme of your Dual 5. The major reason why I liked this skinned Android version was because there was no major lag.. Minor apparent slowdowns happened but I could not figure out if they were slowdowns or part of the system animations. To check that I enabled the developer options and then changed the ‘Drawing’ animation scale in the settings. To my surprise, the perceived slowdowns were really animations and the overall performance did not suffer because of the skin, unlike on many other smartphones.. The second thing that impressed me was, of all things,. that large, central ‘Widget’ on the home screen and the fluidity in the animations of the widget and even. its Time, Weather, VIP Mode and Eye Mode functions that the widget can provide,. making it more functional than your average. Moving back to the apps, Micromax has added a ‘Freezer’ app to essentially disable any app without uninstalling it. This essentially locks the app down and prevents it from doing anything or consuming resources. You can use the app to freeze most of the system and all the user-installed apps except 360 Security.. The operating system comes with built-in music and video players, a ‘Recording’ app, ‘Calculator’, ‘AppLock’, Compass, FM Radio, ‘Heath Guard’, ‘SmartKey’ app, ‘Heat Source’, ‘Anti theft’, ‘Cloud Service’ and ‘Permission manager’. The OS also comes with two ‘app-toggles’, as I like to. call them, because they appear like app shortcuts. But instead of launching the app, they seem to work like toggles, functioning as desired with some cool animations.. The ‘app-toggles’ that come with the OS are ‘Speedup’ and ‘Wallpaper’, which clean the memory of the OS and randomize the background wallpaper.. However, one thing that stood out was the ‘Lock Screen’ ads that come as part of ‘Power Master’, which claims to ‘increase the charging experience’ (By adding ads on the lock screen along with a snazzy animation?).. my normal work day with ease. My usage, which includes 1-2 hours of YouTube videos, constant WhatsApp and Telegram messages, Push notifications on 4 email accounts, clicking 15-20 images, streaming music on Google Play Music for an hour or so and 30-40 minutes of gaming, wasn't much of an issue for the device.. There was some minor lag while in the multitasking view or when switching from heavy games to apps. But overall, the experience was smooth and without any major slowdowns.. The phone did tend to heat up a little after 8-15 minutes of heavy gaming with titles like Modern Combat 5 or DeadTrigger 2, but it cooled down relatively fast because of the metal frame on the back. The temperatures reached about 45 degrees Celsius on the back plate around the rear camera but the area cooled rapidly after the gaming session.. The smartphone did admirably well in the performance sections, matching the expectations from the processor.. the first smartphone by Micromax with a dual-camera setup, I was expecting good things. To be honest, it fell flat on some of those expectations -- specially low light photographs. It's not that the camera quality of the smartphone is bad or horrible, but it's not over the moon either.. The photos taken during the daylight or blue hour were great, with good colour reproduction and a vibrancy of colours. In our test shots, even the details in the shadow region were well reproduced. The photos don't look dull and it's a good thing for Micromax Dual 5. If you are the kind of shooter who loves to shoot in bright outdoors -- this is good camera-phone to have. Photos shot indoors did have some amount of noise creeping in.. images, and I have to admit, the colours are quite decent and, in fact, even beat those on the OnePlus 3 in some situations. The idea is simple -- one sensor captures colour information and the other captures monochrome details (to ensure sharpness). After an image is shot, the image processing in the background merges the two images to give one composite image. I did notice some lag when using this mode though. Micromax definitely needs to reduce it in a future update.. There is a Dual mode which adds in some tilt-shift effect to the image.. The image size, in terms of resolution, was comparatively a bit smaller when shot in Dual mode than in the normal photo mode. It is not a very impressive mode, but if you like having that dreamy framing, it works.. While daylight images were good, I did find some noticeable noise in indoor shots and low light photographs. In fact the low light photographs showed a marked loss in detail and grainy images.. The camera software on the Dual 5 comes with a lot of options starting with ‘Video’, ‘Photo’, ‘Beauty’ and ‘Dual’ mode. You can select HDR mode, Composition mode (gridlines), Timer, Tap to Shoot, Shutter Sound and change Photo Settings’ in the adjustment menu on the top. The filters menu gives 9 options.. The camera software provides additional modes in the ‘Modes’ button on the lower right corner of the smartphone. The ‘Photo’ section gives us the option to shoot a ‘PANO’, ‘PRO’ with manual control on all the settings, ‘Black and White’, ‘Slow Shutter’, ‘Anti-Haze’, and ‘Macro’ mode. The ‘Video’ section gives you the option to shoot ‘Time-lapse’, ‘GIF’, ‘Slow Motion’, ‘MV’, and ‘3D Video’. The ‘Beauty’ section only comes with one option that is ‘Face’s age’.. The Micromax Dual 5 gives a decent battery backup and one can expect the phone to last a normal work day in a typical usage scenario as mentioned in the Performance section above.. code, but for whatever reason, the Dual 5 couldn't render the results of our battery test. These are the raw results taken from the phone. In English, that code is essentially saying that the phone lasted 6 hours and 23 minutes in our battery test.. I would classify work days as medium to light usage for me, and the Dual 5 gave about 6.5-7.5 hours of battery backup on heavy usage days (generally the weekends). I was expecting more battery backup from the device considering that the smartphone does not have the top of the line processor and a Snapdragon 652 normally provides good battery backup. lasted for 6 hours and 23 minutes in the PCMark Battery benchmark.. There were a lot of preconceived notions about the Micromax Dual 5 before I started reviewing the smartphone, but most of my concerns were unfounded in the end. The Micromax Dual 5 is a really well designed smartphone, despite the skinned OS, and provides a decent experience for its users. I was expecting the smartphone to provide exceptional quality in terms of camera performance because of the Dual-camera modules but the camera performance was underwhelming when it came to low light photography. Hopefully this can be corrected in a future update.. The Dual 5 is available on Flipkart for Rs 24,999 and it becomes difficult to recommend the Dual 5 at this price point if one looks at the competition around. If you are loyal to Micromax and want the best smartphone by the company then, this is definitely it. If you are open to other brands, and are seeking a better value proposition then there are other alternatives like the. Vivo V5 Plus or Huawei Honor 8 or. Xiaomi Mi 5 around this budget.. The Huawei Honor 8, which also employs a dual-camera module is a good example of a dual-camera done right. Just head to a Flickr album of its photos here , to see the quality.. Micromax has certainly started off on the premium segment path with a good overall offering. But the Dual 5 needs some work on the image processing front for low light photography. Micromax has plans to make the 'Dual' into a whole segment of dual-camera sporting smartphones across the price range.. The Micromax Dual 5 features a 5.5-inch FHD AMOLED display with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels and is powered by a 1.8GHz octa core processor and has 4GB of RAM. It comes with 128GB of inbuilt storage and has a 13.0-megapixel rear camera and 13.0-megapixel front camera. It comes with Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS and support a 3200mAh battery capacity with 3G & 4G.. Published Date: Apr 21,2017 06:33 pm. | Updated Date: Apr 21, 2017 06:33 pm. Major smartphone makers may invest as much as Rs 6,000 crore to assemble PCBs in India. Shipment of mobile phones in India reached 288 million in 2017; Xiaomi tops the Dec quarter: IDC report. Moto Z2 Force with shatterproof display launched in India for Rs 34,999; to start selling from 16 February on Flipkart. Vivo APEX concept smartphone featuring 98% screen to body ratio, retractable selfie camera, shown at MWC 2018. 36,999.00 · Rating: 7.5 / 10. Honor 9 Lite (64GB, 4GB RAM). 14,999.00 · Rating: 7 / 10. 11,999.00 · Rating: 8 / 10. 7,999.00 · Rating: 7 / 10. Sridevi passes away: Films that the veteran actor did with Jeetendra were a mini industry unto themselves. Justin Trudeau's India visit a complete mess, but it should be viewed as a stepping stone. Premier League: Manchester United effectively execute Jose Mourinho's tactical system to defeat Chelsea. PNB Rs 11,400 cr scam: Diamond czar Nirav Modi, uncle Mehul Choksi planned to flee India in November, says report. BJP's beef burden in Meghalaya: As saffron party struggles to clarify its stand ahead of polls, cattle-traders fear loss of business. श्रीदेवी अपडेट्स: बाथटब में डूबने से हुई मौत, फॉरेन्सिक रिपोर्ट जारी, खून में मिले अल्कोहल के अंश. राज्यसभा चुनाव 2018 : ‘टीम अमित शाह’ की हो सकती है बल्ले-बल्ले. नगालैंड चुनाव 2018: क्या जनता को 'टैक्स' से निजात दिला पाएगा चुनाव?. BJP में लौट सकते हैं प्रशांत किशोर, PM मोदी से कई बार हुई है मुलाकात. संपूर्ण समाज को राष्ट्रीय स्वयं सेवक संघ क्यों बनाना चाहते हैं मोहन भागवत ?. Origami's many marvels: Artist Himanshu Agarwal demonstrates the paper folding art. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 128 GB + MicroSD. Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The Micromax Dual 5 comes with a 5.5-inch 1080p screen, Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 octa-core processor, 4 GB of RAM, 128 GB of storage, dual 13-megapixel cameras on the back and another 13-megapixel unit on the front for selfies.. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (13-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Octa-core, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Micromax Dual 5 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Micromax Dual 5 review: This one has three good. Micromax Dual 5 is costliest phone ever from this company, but does it deliver? Here's our review. Technology Tech Reviews Micromax Dual 5 review: This one has three good. Micromax Dual 5: The most expensive smartphone from the company ever, and here’s our review. Micromax Dual 5 comes with a lot of features, especially around the software. Micromax Dual 5 also sports dual cameras on the back. Both cameras have a 13MP sensor. Micromax has placed the speakers at the bottom of the phone. This one also supports Type-C USB charging. Sample shot from Micromax Dual 5. Sample shots from Micromax Dual 5. Sample shot from Micromax Dual 5. Since Micromax has added so many software features, this phone does not run the latest version of Android.. Updated: April 5, 2017 8:47 am. Budget 2018: Import duty on mobile phones, spare mobile parts hiked, but industry still. positive Micromax Bharat Go, the first Android Oreo Go Edition smartphone will launch later this. month Micromax Bharat 5 Plus with 5,000mAh battery, 8MP rear camera launched: Price, features,. Flagship smartphones are not just about raking in sales. For most smartphone manufacturers, it is also about optics. They need a premium phone to show the world they can do a good job at the top end too, and this has some resonance across the company’s product range. Micromax did this successfully a few years ago with its Canvas Knight. Now, after relatively quiet couple of quarters, the Indian mobile phone major hopes it will be able to infuse some new life into its brand with a new flagship, the Micromax Dual 5.. The Micromax Dual 5 is costliest phone ever from this company. And while the phone is still mid-range, it’s a leap of faith for Micromax, which has usually focused on the budget segment. The focus this time is clearly on the camera and as the name suggests, this phone packs two.. Actually, three because along with the two 13MP cameras in the rear, there is another 13MP selfie camera up front too. This 13+13+13 combination is a first for any smartphone company, and that is how Micromax hopes to get some serious attention. But this phone is not just about the camera. The phone packs so many features that even after owning it for a few months you will be stumbling on things you hadn’t noticed before.. Specs: 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED display | Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor | 4GB RAM +128GB storage (expandable to 128GB ) | 13+13MP rear camera +13 MP front camera | 3200mAh Battery with Quick Charge 3.0 | Android 6.0.1 | For Full Specifications go here.. Well, the Micromax Dual 5 has a classy design. It is also a time-tested design as it looks like Qiku Q Terra, which came to India a year ago. The metal unibody finish is classy, though I didn’t really like the gold finish on the review device. This phone will look better in a grey or black finish. There is an extra button on the left, which be customised to do what you want it to. The phone’s cut edges give it a good grip. The phone features a Full HD display that works well even if you are in using it in bright sunlight.. While with pricing and positioning, the Micromax Dual 5 would like to compete with the likes of the OnePlus 3T , this phone is powered by a mid-range Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor. It might look underwhelming on paper, in the week or so that I used the phone, there was not a single instance that I found the phone lacking in processing power. It also stayed relatively cool during intensive tasks like gaming. The Dual 5 comes with 4GB RAM and the overall combo should keep most users happy.. In the end, a lot of people will look at this phone for its dual camera. After all, this would be the most affordable with two lenses. This is clearly the best camera Micromax has ever made. In fact, I would even say this is the best camera from an Indian smartphone maker. The camera offers everything that you might need and a lot more. There is a Pro mode, 4K video along with 3D video and great macro mode.. Since one of the two 13MP lenses in the rear is black and white, the monochrome photos on this one come out really well. The dual camera is good too, though it is not the default for taking photos. You have to switch to the dual tab and select either blurry or night. The results are very good especially with portraits though you need steady hands for the second or so that the camera takes to process the image. But the night mode seemed better in this aspect. There is enough camera power on this phone to fill up the 128GB storage space faster than intended.. Micromax’s offering has a lot to do with software as well. The phone offers an extra layer of security added keeping the Indian user in mind. So there is a anti-theft feature that locks the phone as soon as the SIM is removed, and there is a unique security locker, which can be accessed only via the fingerprint scanner.. A lot of these featured are clearly borrowed from Chinese security firm Qihoo 360. But there is a hardware side to it as well and the phone uses a security chip with CC EAL5 + security certification.. The phone comes with a 3200mAh battery with 3200mAh QuickCharge 3.0. On Jio 4G the phone lasted well over 12 hours with mostly data usage. The battery can be charged to full in under an hour, and that is an added advantage.. Since Micromax has added so many software features, this phone does not run the latest version of Android. In a few months, it will be a bit behind on this aspect. Also, there is still too much skinning on the phone at a time when everyone seems to be veering towards pure Android.. The default theme is too blingy. It feels you are in a jewellery show and when I finally switched to a much sober theme, I had to spend a few minutes figuring out what the browser icon was.. Also, someone forgot to run a grammar check before releasing the UI on this phone. So there is some unintended humour in some screens.. Yes, if you are looking for a mid-range phone that packs more than what you paid for. The cameras, the extra storage and the abundance of features should keep you happy for the money you have spent. The only problem might be that the phone offers a bit too much.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Micromax Bharat 1 can run WhatsApp, and that’s a big win over the Reliance. Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro with 18:9 display, dual selfie cameras launched in. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: The actor died of accidental drowning, says forensic report 2 Encouraging the future geniuses: Easy science experiments to do with your kids 3 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock. Bihar hit-and-run case: FIR against BJP leader Manoj Baitha, RJD holds protest outside Assembly Delhi chief secretary assault case: Govt mulling live streaming of official meetings J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi died of accidental drowning: Forensic report Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Trending One leg or two? Viral photos of this model leave Twitterati puzzled Trending Video: Netizens debate if this ad showing a 'tough mother' is patriarchal or humane. LIVE UPDATES: Defence Minister was buying fish in Goa when PM inked Rafale deal, says Rahul Gandhi Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Bhaichung Bhutia resigns from Trinamool Congress membership Sports Ganguly was warned before Chappell appointment Sports R Ashwin to lead KXIP in IPL 2018 Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. One leg or two? Viral photos of this model leave Twitterati. puzzled Morne Morkel to retire from international cricket after Australia Test. series No specific goals, just staying fit is target, says Sameer. Verma Bangladesh court extends bail for Khaleda Zia until March 13 in corruption. case Sridevi died of accidental drowning: Forensic. Begum Jaan making: Vidya Balan says ‘my body, my rules, don’t judge.’ Watch. Stress may trigger seizure for epilepsy. Study abroad: When is the right time to plan foreign. With impressive lineup, Nokia might be show stealer at MWC. 2018 Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi says self-driving cars just a year away, open to. partners Lenovo HW02 Plus fitness band review: As simple as it can. Nandagopal Rajan Nandagopal Rajan is Editor New Media. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
The next video is starting stop. Micromax Dual 5 - The Hidden Truth!!! - Sab Copy hai ☹️. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Namaskaar Dosto, is video mein maine aapse Micromax Dual 5 ke baare mein baat ki hai, ek kamaal ka phone hai hahaha...bahut hi shandaar hai... Khud dekho video aur jaan jao.. Share, Support, Subscribe!!! Subscribe: http://bit.ly/1Wfsvt4 Android App: https://technicalguruji.in/app Youtube: http://www.youtube.com/c/TechnicalGuruji Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/technicalguruji Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/technicalguruji Facebook Myself: https://goo.gl/zUfbUU Instagram: http://instagram.com/technicalguruji Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+TechnicalGuruji Website: https://technicalguruji.in/ Merchandise: http://shop.technicalguruji.in/ About : Technical Guruji is a YouTube Channel, where you will find technological videos in Hindi, New Video is Posted Everyday :). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Micromax Canvas Infinity Unboxing and First Look - Really Infinite? My Opinions. Sachin Tendulkar Phone - Smartron SRT Phone - My Opinions...Not Out??. Yu Yureka Black - Yu Nailed it!!! Another Copy?. Buying A Phone in India - OPPO & VIVO All Around!!!. Vivo V5 - Kachra Phone, Kamaal Selfie - My Opinions. Why Chinese Phones are Cheap? Are they any GOOD?. Samsung Galaxy S9+ Hands on & First Look 🔥🔥🔥. RODE Sent A Mystery Box 🔥🔥🔥. My YouTube Earnings Revealed!! How Much Money I make from YouTube?. 6 PROBLEMS Xiaomi Users FACE! First PUBLIC Opinions! Watch Before Buying any Xiaomi Phone! [Hindi]. Google Pixel Broke My Heart 😭. Honor 9 Lite - Quad Camera Vision! Really??? My Opinions. Top Upcoming Futuristic Technologies in Smartphones. Full story of technical sagar vs technical guruji ...... Foreigner Surprising Indians with Hindi (WARNING Smiles Galore!). Samsung Galaxy S8+ Iris Scanner Vs Fingerprint Scanner - Worst or Best?. Oppo Aur Vivo Kyu Bikta hai India Me (Hyderabadi Hindi). Why No Solar Panels on Phones? Free Charging?. Oneplus 5 Cheating Benchmarks 😳 😳 😳 The Reality!!!!. Nokia 3, 5, 6 India Launch - Hands On and First look. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Technology » Gadgets » Mobile Phone » Micromax » Micromax Dual 5. Micromax Dual 5 was launched in March 2017. The flagship smartphone features a 5.5-inch Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 1920×1080 pixels. Micromax Dual 5 is powered by a 1.4GHz octa-core 64-bit Snapdragon 652 processor coupled with 4GB RAM and 128GB storage. The storage is expandable up to 128GB via a microSD card slot. Micromax Dual 5 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Micromax Dual 5 feature 13MP+13MP rear cameras and f/1.8 aperture. The rear camera is capable of recording 4K videos at 30 frames per seconds. It supports USB Type-C charging port and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyroscope, an infrared sensor, and proximity sensor.. The smartphone comes with a 1-year replacement warranty. Dual 5 is priced at Rs 24,999.. | Micromax Dual 5 Review. 13 MP + 13 MP rear camera. USB Type-C, 3.5 mm headset jack. 4 GB RAM, 128 GB ROM. Apr 26, 2017 at 11:57 pm. Apr 22, 2017 at 8:52 am. Apr 20, 2017 at 12:00 am. Apr 19, 2017 at 8:51 pm. Apr 19, 2017 at 7:45 pm. MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact launched at MWC 2018: Price, specifications. MWC 2018: Vivo 'Apex' concept smartphone with 98% screen-to-body ratio, retracting selfie camera showcased. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s to feature Snapdragon 845 SoC, launch set for March 27. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ India pre-booking at Rs 2000: Expected price, release date. BSNL to launch Rs 399 postpaid plan with unlimited calling soon. Microsoft announces email address support for 15 Indian languages. WhatsApp adds new 'Group Description' feature in Android, Windows beta app. Jio vs Vodafone vs Airtel vs Idea: Top recharge plans under Rs 200. BSNL's WiFi+ feature to allow free Wi-Fi hotspot access across 100 countries. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Micromax Dual 4 E4816. 
News / Features / How-To / Opinions / Top 10 / Gallery / Video. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Phones / HDTV / Gaming / Apps / Tablets / Cameras / Printers / Software. Cell Phone Reviews | Micromax Dual 5 |. How HMD Global is helping Nokia come back with smartphones. Google’s Allo is a chat app on steroids. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. The best phone from an Indian brand. Editor Rating: Good (3.5) Mar 29, 2017. Its quality and functionality speaks volumes.. However, at the same time, it is still not in the same class as some of its. foreign competitors purely in terms of software and performance.. A couple of years ago, the Indian smartphone market was blooming with numerous local players. Micromax, Karbonn, Lava, Intex and Spice all were taking the fight right down to the Samsung and LG's of this world. And then boom in 2014, Chinese player Xiaomi entered the market — a major proponent of high spec smartphones sold online only on flash sales.. Also read: Turok 2: Seeds of Evil Remaster Review: Just like old times!. The honeymoon period for India's beloved home grown brands had been busted. Now, they didn't only have a technological and design handicap, but they were facing a war on two front where Chinese brands were killing them in terms of product quality and price, while global brands like Samsung maintained their premium because the legacy of their brands.. Micromax which has be arguably the biggest poster child for the Indian smartphone market has lied low for the last 10 months since its bombastic rebranding. Now, it returns with a new product line called the Dual series, which it hopes will rekindle its fortunes in the Indian smartphone market. The Dual 5 is simply put the best phone we've seen from an Indian smartphone brand in a long time.. It is easy to see that. It is also Micromax's most premium and expensive adventure, however, is it good enough to compete with stalwart brands like Xiaomi, Honor and OnePlus which are making a killing of the premium midrange segment? Well, the answer is nuanced and credit to Micromax that it manages to come close.. Micromax Dual 5 review: The best smartphone from an Indian company. A fan of the iconic TV series Star Trek since childhood, Sahil Mohan Gupta, was pushed towards writing about technology because of impact of the TV show at a very young age. Sahil, who is known as Bones, in professional and social circles, has been writing about tech for more than 6 years. He has written about everything under the sun; ranging from smartphones, tablets, PCs, videos games, AI to pro audio, music, nightlife, sports and movies. Sahil has worked for some of the most prestigious media houses in India covering technology verticals and has also hosted consumer electronics shows on Indian national television. At PCMag India, he brings his ... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5: The successor to India’s favourite smartphone of 2017 is here. The Ultimate Geek Challenge: Episode 1 (Bonus contest). 2017 indicates that 2018 will be the year of AI phones. Apple did the right thing with the iPhone throttling but it went about it the wrong way. Samsung launches Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus for "the visual and social generation". Available for pre-order on March 2nd.. Uber launches cheaper Express Pool, similar to Ola’s Ride Share Express. Express Pool will be up to 50% cheaper than the standard Pool. This 3-D-printed device turns a smartphone into fully operational microscope. The clip-on microscope requires no external power or light source to work. HDD: What is the future of mainstream storage?. With technology and data going hand in hand, hard drives and solid .... Researchers get closer to creating a DNA-based file system. The new invention will makes it easier to store and retrieve data .... About About PCMagazine Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. PCMag India is operated by Times Internet Limited under license from ZiffDavis. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones Micromax Micromax Dual 5. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. 86 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Quick Review of Micromax Dual 5. Customisable smart key Ample storage-128GB Good cameras Solid & aesthetically pleasing body. Heats a bit Tons of bloatware Does not come with the latest Android version. Buy Micromax Dual 5 In India at These Prices. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions. Get upto ₹18000 off on exchange. Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Micromax Dual 5 Full Features & Specifications. / 10 See Better Options Screen Size 5.5 inch Screen Resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 401 PPI Screen Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Bezel Less No Chipset. / 10 See Better Options Brand Qualcomm Processor Speed 1.8GHz Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 Processor Type Octa-Core RAM 4GB 9. / 10 Graphics Adreno 510 Camera. / 10 Rear Camera Resolution 13MP Dual Rear Camera Yes, 13MP 10. / 10 Front Camera Resolution 13MP Dual Selfie Camera No Camera Details Face detection, Continuous shooting, White balance settings, Digital zoom, ISO Settings, Geo tagging, Exposure compensation, Panorama, Self timer, HDR, Scene mode, Touch focus Video Recording Resolution 4K Video Recording (2160p) Camera Features Autofocus, Dual Rear Camera, Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF), Dual LED Flash, Dual Tone LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 6.0 Marshmallow Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type USB Type C Features Fingerprint Scanner, InfraRed (IR) Blaster, GPS, FM Radio Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Magnetometer Weight 164 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth, VoLTE (Works with Jio) Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color Gold Build Material Metal Device Warranty 1 Year In The Box Device, Charger & Cable Separate, SIM Ejector Tool, User Manual Storage. / 10 See Better Options Internal Storage 128GB Card Slot Yes Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Micro SIM, Nano SIM SIM 1 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Micro SIM SIM 2 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Nano SIM Hybrid SIM (microSD + SIM) Yes 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Bands HSDPA 900 / 2100 Battery. / 10 See Better Options Battery Capacity 3200mAh Battery Type Lithium-Polymer (Li-Po) Removable Battery No Wireless Charging No Fast Charging Yes, Quick Charge 3.0. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. The best price of Micromax Dual 5 is Rs. You can buy Micromax Dual 5 on Flipkart and also look through other stores. All mobile prices are in INR & generally valid with EMI & COD in all cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Chennai & Pune. Kindly report any errors in specs of Micromax Dual 5. Prices were updated today i.e., 26th February 2018.. Seller(s) of Micromax Dual 5 Latest Price Flipkart Rs. Micromax in March 2017 launched the Dual 5 smartphone for the Indian market. The USP of this device is its dual rear camera setup which makes the Dual 5 the company's first device to sport it.. Display and Design In terms of design, the Dual 5 sports a metal unibody design that encases its. 5.5-inch screen at the front and its dual camera setup and fingerprint scanner at the back. The back of the device also has antenna lines that run across the upper and lower half, similar to what the iPhone 6 and 6s sport. The display of the device features a Full HD. AMOLED panel having a resolution of. The display is capable of reproducing clear images thanks. to its crisp pixel density of about. Camera The primary snapper on the device is a dual camera setup which comprises of two 13-megapixel sensors. One of the two 13-megapixel sensors is a monochrome sensor while the latter is an RGB sensor both of which work together to produce really vivid images. Also, on the front, the Micromax Dual 5 is equipped with a third 13-megapixel camera for capturing sharp selfies.. Performance and Memory Under its hood, the Micromax Dual 5 features. Adreno 510 GPU for added graphics functionality. To keep the device snappy and lag-free, the smartphone packs in. 4GB RAM paired with a mammoth 128GB of internal storage which is rare to find in its price segment.. Connectivity and Battery In terms of connectivity, the dual-camera smartphone from Micromax ticks all the right boxes and offers support for all the conventional connectivity norms like. dual-band Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 4G with VoLTE and a USB Type-C connector.. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. 4G Mobile Phones Price Top Selling Mobile Phones Price In India Android Mobile Phones Price All Mobiles Price In India Mobile Phones With 4GB RAM Price Upcoming Mobile Phones Price In India Fast Charging Phones Price Smartphones With 64GB Internal Storage Price In India Vivo Mobile Phones Price HTC Mobile Phones Below Rs 10000 Price In India. Vivo V5 Plus IPL Limited Edition. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2018) Samsung Galaxy J7 Plus Nokia 7 (6GB/128GB) Honor V10 Nokia 7 Vivo V79. Have you used this product? Write a review of Micromax Dual 5. If you own Micromax Dual 5, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to Micromax Dual 5. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. iPhone Prices in India Increase for the Second Time in 3 Months. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Nokia 7 Plus Images and Specifications Leaked. Talk about Micromax Dual 5, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. 24,999 is the Best Price In India for Micromax Dual 5, last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
All Asus Blackberry Gionee HTC Huawei iBall Intex Lenovo LG Micromax Microsoft Motorola Panasonic Samsung Xiaomi ZTE. Nokia 3310 4G VoLTE Specifications and Features. LG Q6 32GB Specs, Features, and Price – Review. Xiaomi Redmi 5A 16GB and 32GB Specs and Features. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 & Redmi Y1 Lite Specifications and Features. Apple iPhone Xc Specs, Features, Price, Concept, and Leaks. Switch from iPhone to Android with all Stuff. How to Fix iPhone 7 Wi-Fi Problems?. How to Fix iPhone 7 No Service Bug After Returning from…. All Asus Tablets Google Tablets Micromax Tablets. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Specifications and Features. Lenovo Yoga A12 2-in-1 Tab Cum Laptop Specifications and Features. iBall Slide Brisk 4G2 Voice-Calling Tablet Specifcations and Features. Samsung Galaxy Tab A Nook Specifications and Features. What is Edge Sense Technology (New Feature) in Smartphones?. What is USB OTG (On-The-Go) Support?. What Exactly Are USB Type C and Thunderbolt 3?. What is the Fingerprint Sensor in Smartphones?. What is SOS feature or Panic Button in Smartphones?. All Application Issues Battery Issues Contact Issues Display Issues Internet Issues Memory Issues Network Issues Phone Issues Security Issues Settings Issues. WhatsApp Tips and Tricks You Should Know. How to Reset Android Phone When Locked. How to do Factory Data Reset on Android Phone. What is the Best Way to Carry Cell Phone or A…. Home Smartphone Micromax Micromax Dual 5 Specifications, Features, and Price | Where to Buy. Micromax Dual 5 Specifications, Features, and Price | Where to Buy. By Deepak Sharma -. Can Record 4K Videos and 3D Videos as well. 128 GB Internal Storage + microSD Support. Ultra-Thin Metal Body Sleek and Elegant Design. USB Type-C for faster Connectivity. App Freezer to Switch OFF Background Apps. Fingerprint Recognition to Unlock Device, to Click Selfies, and to Access Private Files. 3D Antenna Technology : Say NO to Network Issue. Runs Android 6.0 or 7.0 OS. Dual Hybrid SIM Slots Support. Micromax Dual 5 is an ultimate camera phone that features three 13MP camera lenses – 2 at the rear side and 1 at the front. This handset comes with a variety of modes which aim to provide DSLR-like photo results.. It comes with dedicated security chip (EAL 5+ military grade security) that stores the fingerprint and passwords. It also features 3D antenna technology for better signal reception.. The specifications of Micromax Dual 5 smartphone is killer. It is packed with powerful hardware. Check out the full phone specifications of this smart handset below.. 1 Micromax Dual 5 Features 2 Micromax Dual 5 Specifications 3 Micromax Dual 5 Price. This handset sports a 5.5-inch FULL-HD SuperAMOLED screen with 2.5D curved display and Gorilla Glass protection. It is powered by 1.8 GHz Snapdragon 652 Octa-Core processor with Adreno 510 GPU.. It is a dual SIM device, comes with 4GB RAM and 128 GB internal storage. The microSD card option is also available to expand the storage up to 128GB.. The rear side of the phone is backed by two 13MP camera lenses that are perfect for photography. These dual rear cameras of Micromax Dual 5 can easily record 4K videos and 3D videos too. The front camera is of 13 MP with an aperture f/2.0. It features Soft Selfie Flash, Gesture Control, GIF Maker, and Integrated Smart Beauty.. It is 4.74 mm slim and weighs just 164 grams.. The handset gets the power from 3200mAh LI-PO battery and supports quick charging 3.0. According to the company, the 10 minutes of charge is equal to 4 hours of usage… means you can use your mobile up to 4 hours after 10 minutes of charging.. The connectivity features that are offered by Micromax Dual 5 handset are – 2G, 3G, 4G + VoLTE (All Bands), USB Type-C, 3.5mm Audio Jack, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and GPS.. It is a featured-packed Dual SIM Android phone that offers killer specifications. It will be available from April 10, 2017.. It is priced at INR 24,999 and you can exclusively buy it online from flipkart.com eCommerce website.. TAGS 4GB RAM Phone Dual 5 India Dual Camera Micromax mobiles. Previous article Oppo F3 Plus Specifications, Features, and Price | Where to Buy. Next article Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Specifications, Features, and Price | Where to Buy. Deepak is the content writer of this blog. He has a good experience in writing beautiful and informational articles since 2013. He is government employee and always willing to write great and meaningful research articles on different topics like technology, TV seasons, movies, government affairs and more.. Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Plus Specifications and Features. Micromax Canvas Evok Specifications and Features. Micromax Canvas Pulse 4G (E451) Specifications and Price. WhatsApp Tips and Tricks You Should Know. Nokia 3310 4G VoLTE Specifications and Features. How to Reset Android Phone When Locked. LG Q6 32GB Specs, Features, and Price – Review. How to do Factory Data Reset on Android Phone. What is the Best Way to Carry Cell Phone or A Smartphone in Pocket?. Huawei Honor 5c Specifications and Features. How to Monitor CPU Temperature of an Android Device?. 15 Best Ways to Increase Smartphone Battery Life – Saving Tips. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Specifications and Features. How to Enable or Disable Auto Call Answering feature on Android?. What is Hybrid Dual SIM Slot (New Feature) in Smartphones?. How to Set Micro SD Card as Default Storage on Android.... POPULAR CATEGORY Smartphone 39 Tech Articles 30 Tech / News 30 Phone Issues 15 Application Issues 14 Samsung 14 Lenovo 12 iPhone 11 Gionee 10. 
Apps Google Play iOS App Store Auto News Bike News Gear Gadgets Smart Stuff Wearables Smartphones Best Phones MWC 2018. Everything about gadgets, Virtual reality, Automobiles and the Internet.. Apps Google Play iOS App Store Auto News Bike News Gear Gadgets Smart Stuff Wearables Smartphones Best Phones MWC 2018. Sony announces Xperia Ear Duo at the MWC. Sony announces XZ2 and XZ2 Compact at the MWC 2018. Cat S61 launched with integrated FLIR thermal imaging camera. Energizer POWER MAX P16K Pro carries 16000 mAh battery. Speck Presidio SPORT is a smartphone case for the hygiene conscious. Micromax Dual 5 Review – Entering the premium segment, with glory!. The Good – Design, Camera, and the Security The Decent – Battery, Display, and Speaker The Bad – OS, will there be updates? Check: Micromax. Dual 5 Camera Samples Final Verdict Tagged Micromax , Micromax Dual 5 , Smartphone Review. Micromax, the brand that has seen the big ups and then, the biggest of the downs in the smartphone market in India. At one time, it was the “Indian” tag that gave it the upper hand over the others, but later, the market changed in a way that consumers were happy with the value-for-money handsets irrespective of the brand they are getting it from. One would blame Micromax for its own recent debacle, with uninspiring offerings, not a satisfactory after-sales service, and less of innovation that users started to expect.. But, Micromax is back, with a statement. That is what they would want to tell, at least, with this latest smartphone – the Micromax Dual 5. The phone, in fact, is unlike how Micromax phones used to be and it is a welcome change. And let me be frank here, I haven’t felt as satisfied using a Micromax smartphone, as I have been with this. It does come with a price tag that might seem unrealistic to some, but it is what the company wants to show, that “Premium” is here.. The Dual 5 has it all. Big numbers up there, to begin with, but the big one here is that the numbers are well backed up with the much-need performance. Not the biggest of the chipsets, but one that cannot be called a mediocre one. What did Micromax not offer here? Let’s get on with the review to see what I feel about the Micromax Dual 5 after using it for a good amount of time. I’ll break it down here, and you’ll see what is good, what is decent, and what could’ve been better.. This is not the Micromax we’ve seen, ever. Starting with the design, the phone has that premium look, and it is equally good to hold as well. A curvy back that has the slimmest points at the sides, and having chamfered edges all around, the thick antenna lines towards the top and bottom cutting the metal backplate and a symmetrical design language is what makes you feel you are holding a premium device in the hand.. The back has the dual-lens camera setup and they both have the same lens and sensor, the size is identical. Vertically arranged are these two cameras along with the Dual-LED flash and the fingerprint sensor. The bottom houses two grills, of which, only one has the speaker housed in, and the other is to blend into the design. The front shows a 13-megapixel camera on the top, the set of sensors, and a soft flash on the other side of the earpiece, and it is seen only when activated.. The front of the Dual 5 also has the set of navigation buttons that should’ve been backlit, but they aren’t. A USB Type-C port is given at the bottom of the device, and Micromax has included an extra physical button on the left frame. This button can be set to perform certain functions that you want it to do.. The 13-megapixel dual lens camera setup is what drew all my attention here. I am all sold for cameras and the recent phones from Huawei and then the Google Pixel made me a bigger critic of every other smartphone camera that I tried. Well, at the same time, I won’t just like the camera for what it has, but rather would want to like it for what it is able to capture. A quick run through the specs would tell you that the Micromax Dual 5 has two 13MP Sony sensors with F/1.8 aperture and Phase detection autofocus. Now, how well does that camera capture photos? Even if the sensors and the entire setup is impressive, is the phone able to process the pictures well?. Maybe, this is the time to say that “Hey, because it is a Micromax phone, it won’t be able to take good photos”, finally. The camera does a brilliant job, and on the bigger note, it does it so well in low light conditions. Not always would you want to have the two cameras work together in blurring the background. The two sensors here are similar to how it was on the Huawei’s flagship P9, a color sensor, and a monochrome one, with one recording the colors and other working at getting the best details. Several photos that I took, at different conditions and with different light sources around, had a very good color detail and enough exposure to call it almost the replication of what we are seeing with the eye.. The camera is capable of taking slow-motion videos, 4K videos, and even 3D videos (if someone actually is still planning to do that), and for the photos, the Dual mode has two options – Blurry, and Night. The camera app also has the PRO mode offering the users with a complete control of almost all the important factors like White Balance, ISO, Shutter Speed, Exposure Value, Focus, Saturation, and Contrast. What else can you do? Slow-shutter photos (long-trail as we call it), Macro shots when you want to take a close-up shot of something as small as an insect, and the Black and White mode would take advantage of the secondary sensor to take black and white pictures without having to get any help from the software.. If what I am saying seems like an exaggeration, you may take a look at the sample shots to see how well they are shot. Just to note, I don’t spend time in setting things up for the camera to do better, and these are just the standard shots taken with no manual control or change in setting (except when I took a few Macro shots).. At the launch event, it was more about the security than anything else. Micromax went on to say that the Micromax Dual 5 could be one of the most secure phones you will see today. Challenging Blackberry, eh? But, it was quite a challenge and what the phone has for security is quite a lot. Secure Vault taking care of the important data, not letting a hacker access those important files that you stored here, Anti-theft taking care of things in such a way that the person who steals it cannot even turn the phone off if the SIM card is taken off. We’ve rather explained them in detail, in case you are one who worries a lot about the data on your phone.. In short, with the number of security features offered, it wasn’t a shot hit off-target but another way of getting the latest secure features to the OS is by sending regular updates in conjunction with Google for the Android OS. That takes me to something that is the only worry about the phone – Software updates. The Micromax Dual 5 runs Android Marshmallow OS. It sure has a much better UI than what was always offered from the brand, but what annoys me here is that the company hasn’t thought about launching the phone with the latest OS, and this is the version that was released back in 2015. Sure, there are much more options than you see on other phones, a lot more gesture features, security suites, and what not. But, if Micromax fails to promise regular software and security updates, I just hope they see a good number of takers for the Dual 5.. With the hardware, at least, Micromax has hit the nail on the head. The Dual 5 has a good Snapdragon 652 chipset with its Adreno 510 graphics card that is known to be good for gaming. The phone also has 4GB of RAM and a whooping 128GB storage. No variants, so every phone has enough storage for the user to not worry about having an extra storage card or so. But, will it be good enough against the likes of Snapdragon 820, 821 or the premium chipset range? I’ve seen games like Modern Combat 5 being run without a hiccup, and it was on Asphalt 8 where I noticed minor lags, which is well expected, to be frank.. For the regular usage, the Micromax Dual 5 has enough power that is required to run it well without a problem, even while multitasking or browsing the web heavily. But, I am guessing Micromax will have to a few who would want to know why they didn’t go with one of the latest best flagship chip when everything else is so powerful in the phone.. For the odd 10-11 days of use, I’ve found the battery to be doing quite well. A 3200 mAh battery is able to give over a day’s use with ease, even with connectivity during over half of the time. There’s also support for Quick Charge 3.0 technology, and we haven’t been given the entire box package, so it is hard to say if there will be a supported charger provided to the customers. Even if it is a single speaker on the bottom of the phone, it is a loud affair.. Did Micromax find the right ingredients this time to make the perfect dish? Can anything go wrong here with what Micromax has launched today? The pricing, well, is what denotes as the biggest factor for one to consider while choosing the smartphone they want to get. With the price tag of Rs. 24999, it isn’t something that you’d want to ignore. Not just the specs but what is actually offered in terms of performance is good. Of course it competes with the likes of OnePlus 3, but it is better with the camera, for sure, and with the security as well.. Micromax has sure made a great phone, the Dual 5 with what is needed to make it a powerful, handsome, and a well-performing phone. But, Micromax has lost a big ground in the recent time and it will be this phone that should help them gain the trust people have lost in them not just because of the phones but also because of what happens next – the after-sales service .. Twitter Facebook Google+. Connect With Us! Giveaway Recent News Sony announces Xperia Ear Duo at the MWC Sony announces XZ2 and XZ2 Compact at the MWC 2018 Cat S61 launched with integrated FLIR thermal imaging camera Energizer POWER MAX P16K Pro carries 16000 mAh battery Speck Presidio SPORT is a smartphone case for the hygiene conscious ZTE Blade 9 unveiled with 5.7 inch display, dual-lens rear camera at MWC 2018 Vivo introduces APEX smartphone with In-Display Fingerprint Scanning Technology Samsung Galaxy S9+ vs. Galaxy S9: How do the two phones differ? Best features of the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ Subscribe for updates! Similar Topics Infinix Hot S3 Review – Boasts the best selfie camera in the segment Tecno Camon I Review – Slim and good, cameras in focus Moto X4 with 6GB RAM, Android Oreo – How good is this upgrade? Micromax Bharat 5 Review – A battery phone with good selfie camera Intex Elyt Dual review – Portrait selfies on a budget Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Review – A good upgrade from its predecessor Gionee M7 Power Review – An average phone with an “excellent” battery Latest Videos Reviews. Micromax launches Ayurveda AC series starting at R.... Micromax Bharat 5 Review - A battery phone with go.... Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Review - A good upgra.... Micromax Bharat GO to be country's first Android O.... JioPhone - Which is better v.... BSNL Micromax Bharat 1 vs Airtel Karbonn A40 vs Ji.... Micromax Dual 5 launched with Dual-lens rear camera, pumped up security. What is SecureVault and how to use it on Micromax Dual 5. Ujjwal Kumar Mar 30, 2017 at 3:13 pm. “With the hardware, at least, Micromax has hit the nail on the head.”. They have actually missed the nail by going with Snapdragon 652. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Infinix Hot S3 Review – Boasts the best selfie camera in the segment Feb 20, 2018. Infinix launched the Infinix Hot S3 a while ago and the prime focus of the phone is selfie users. Tecno Camon I Review - Slim and good, cameras in f... Moto X4 with 6GB RAM, Android Oreo - How good is t... Micromax Bharat 5 Review - A battery phone with go... Intex Elyt Dual review - Portrait selfies on a bud... Gizmo Times is a resource delivering the best curated content in the world of gadgets and technology. A team of tech bloggers with years of experience aim to cater the enthusiastic audience with the latest news, reviews, opinions and stories that matter, in this ever growing world of tech.. © Gizmo Times 2018 Mail Us: chetan@gizmotimes.com. About Gizmo Times Contact Us The Team. 
Mobiles / Micromax Mobile Phones / Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 249 Launch Date in India: 14 April, 2017 Compare. Micromax has been lying silent for a while now and let other brands reveal their cards before it goes about launching its own. However, the handset maker has now gone ahead and launch its next flagship device called Dual 5 in a private even held at New Delhi. The handset comes with dual camera module on the rear panel, which is nothing new considering the trend these days. Here is a brief overview of the device for those who are interested in this handset.. Powerful Dual rear camera : The main highlight of the handset as promoted by the brand is the dual camera setup on the rear panel. It is a setup of a 13 Megapixels and a 5 Megapixels snapper, which produces great result as far as lighting is good.. Good front camera with flash : However, we feel that it is the 13 Megapixels camera on the front panel which makes for the real highlight of the device. Accompanied, with a soft LED flash light, this camera can capture crisp selfies even in low light.. 3D Antenna Technology : Usually it is believed that metal clad smartphones suffer from signal drops and erracy. However, Micromax claims that is not the case with Dual 5, which boasts of having been crafted from a single slab of aluminium. The handset boasts of 3D Antenna technology, keeping the antennae on the metal frame of the smartphone.. 360 Security EAL-5 : According to Micromax, this handset has military grade security that is impossible to crack. Micromax has also incorporated a feature in this handset using which, user can access a secure vault using a specific fingerprint.. Hybrid SIM : This is probably the only drawback in this handset since on all other fronts, it is pretty good. User can insert either dual SIM in this handset or a singla SIM and microSD card.. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. 24,999 .00. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. 22,499 .00. 24,999 .00. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India starts from. The lowest Micromax Dual 5 price in India is. 22,499 at Amazon.in on 26 February, 2018. available on flipkart.com, amazon.in and homeshop18.com. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Micromax Dual 5 is available in Yellow. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 2 /5 (48 User Reviews). Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.8 GHz Octa Core 4 GB RAM 128 GB Storage 5.5" (13.97 cm) Display 3200 mAh Battery 13 MP Rear Camera 13 MP Front Camera VoLTE, Dual SIM Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Micromax Dual 5 Drops from 22,499. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Micromax Dual 5 Drops from 22,499. Case: Metal Back: Metal Side: Metal. 1.8 GHz Octa core 64 bit (1.8 GHz Quad + 1.2 GHz Quad) (Cortex A72). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. 1080 x 1920 pixels, Full HD. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Handset with built-in Battery, Charger, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Moto M 64GB. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Coolpad Cool1 Dual. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Honor 8. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Micromax Dual 4. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Vivo V5 Plus. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs OnePlus 3T. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Oppo F3 Plus. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Asus Zenfone Zoom S. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Honor 6X. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Nubia Z17 Mini. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Gionee A1. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs HTC Desire 10 Pro. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Micromax Evok Note. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Moto G5S Plus. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Nokia 6. Compare Micromax Dual 5 vs Vivo V5. Question: How much Internal storage space is free? Can Apps be moved to SD card?. Answer: This handset comes with 128 GB of inbuilt storage, of which around 110 GB of space is available to the user. Supported apps can be easily moved to the SD card in this handset.. Question: Is USB OTG supported?. Answer: Yes, Micromax dual 5 comes with USB OTG feature.. Question: - Does it come with Dual Tone LED Flash?. Answer: Yes, the handset comes with dual tone LED flash.. Question: Do both SIM cards support 4G?. Answer: Yes, both SIM card slots in Dual 5 support 4G LTE.. Question: Is the battery removable?. Answer: No, the battery of this handset is non-removable.. Question: Does it record Slow motion Videos? What is the highest Video Resolution?. Answer: Yes, this smartphone can record slow motion videos. It can record videos in the highest resolution of 2160p.. Question: How is the software?. Answer: It comes with a near stock Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, which makes for a good user experience.. Question: Does it support VoLTE?. Answer: Yes, the smartphone does support VoLTE feature.. Question: What comes inside the box?. Answer: Handset, Charger, User Guide, Warranty Card. Micromax Mobiles Upcoming Micromax Mobiles Micromax Mobiles Under 20000 Micromax 4G Mobiles Micromax Keypad Mobiles Micromax Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Micromax 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives FAQs. 
The next video is starting stop. Micromax Dual 5 Unboxing and Hands On First Look - iGyaan. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. 🔥🔥We Unbox and take a look at the new Micromax Dual 5 Launched in India for Rs. 24999 , Stay tuned for gaming and benchmarks and a dedicated camera video. 👉🏻👉🏻 Don't Be a Noob : Join the Fam : Sub Here : http://1gn.in/igyaanyt 👉🏻👉🏻Buy iGyaan Gear T-Shirts : http://amzn.to/2iFfuKD 👉🏻👉🏻Download the Wallpaper : http://igy.me/2jh60n5 The Micromax Dual 5 has some serious security, and anti theft mode which will prevent your data from getting into wrong hands. For Questions tweet us @iGyaan iGyaan on Instagram : @iGyaan Snapchat : iGyaan http://Facebook.com/iGyaanin catch us on Facebook http://instagram.com/iGyaan catch us on Instagram http://Twitter.com/iGyaan follow us on Twitter http://facebook.com/igyaanin - like our Facebook page! http://gplus.to/igyaan - Catch us on Google Plus Vine and Snapchat : iGyaan Bharat's Links http://www.facebook.com/iBharatNagpal http://www.twitter.com/djkrimp http://www.Instagram.com/djkrimp snapchat : bnagpal All content used is copyright of iGyaan, Use or commercial display or editing of the content without proper authorization is not allowed.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Micromax Dual 5 Questions, Gaming, Benchmarks, Heat and Camera Sample. Micromax Canvas LapTab LT666 Unboxing And Hands On Review. Micromax Evok Note Full Review and Unboxing. Worlds Slimmest Phone "Micromax canvas sliver 5 "unboxing. Micromax Canvas 2 2017 Unboxing, Hands on, Camera, Features. Micromax All in One 4000Mah Multi Use Basic Mobile Use as Portable Fan,mosquito repellent,Power Bank. Micromax VDEO 4 - Unboxing & Hands On | First Looks. Doogee Mix Unboxing - Ultra Budget Bezel-Less Powerhouse. [Hindi] Micromax DUAL 5 Camera and First Impression. Micromax Dual 5 India Review, Camera, Pros, Cons, Comparison | Gadgets To Use. Micromax Dual 5 My Opinion in Tamil | Tech Tamizha. Micromax Dual 5 Full Review - End the Controversy !. Micromax Dual 5 Hands on [Hindi]. Micromax Evok Note Unboxing, Hands on, Camera, Features. Micromax Mobiles TOP 5 Between 4000 to 10000 in india. [Hindi] Micromax Canvas Infinity Camera and First Impression. Micromax Evok Power Unboxing First Impression - Worth Rs 6,999?. Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Unboxing, hands on, Camera, Features | Oppo & Vivo Killer?. Micromax Canvas Infinity Review, gaming, camera sample, battery life and more. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Updated on: 26th February 2018. Micromax Dual 5 Price in India Micromax Dual 5 Price Starts from Rs. 22499 Micromax Dual 5 Price in India. 24999 Micromax Dual 5 Details Buy Micromax Dual 5 for Rs. 22499 on Amazon.in Lowest price of Micromax Dual 5 was obtained on 26 Feb 2018 Latest price of Micromax Dual 5 in India was fetched online from Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal, Shopclues, eBay and Tata Cliq. The above listed sellers provide delivery in several cities including New Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Lucknow & more. Home Mobile Prices. (Roll over image to zoom in). View All 2 Online Stores Set Price Drop Alert. 5 star 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 stars. Screen Size : 5.5 inch Internal Memory : 128 GB RAM : 4 GB Primary Camera : 13 MP Battery Capacity : 3200 mAh OS Version : Android 6.0 (M) Processor Speed : 1.8 Ghz Processor Type : Octa Core Secondary Camera : 13 MP. Features & Score (view all). Product colour / variants Price Sort by Relevancy Price Low-High Price High-Low Store Rating. Micromax Dual 5 E4820 (Champagne, 128GB). Micromax Dual 5 (Champagne, 128 GB)(4 GB RAM). Didn't find the right price? Set price drop alert now. We'll notify you as soon as the price drops. The best price for Micromax Dual 5 Price is Rs. The price list was fetched from top online stores in India and was last refreshed on 26 Feb 2018. The Indian brand Micromax, known for its wide range of budget and entry-level Smartphones, has stepped into the mid-range market with the Micromax Dual 5. It was launched in March 2017 and is currently the highest priced Smartphone from Micromax. With impressive hardware and a vast array of spectacular features, the Dual 5 is ready to take on Chinese manufacturers like Oppo, Vivo, and Xiomi head on. Here’s a closer look at the specifications and features of this latest device from Micromax. What does the Micromax Dual 5 Offer? • Design and Display The Micromax Dual 5 has an all-metal body which looks premium and elegant. The chamfered edges accentuate the unibody, and the antenna bands run from top to bottom on the back of the device. The Dual 5 has a clean look to it and sports just the Micromax logo and two IMEI numbers on the back. On the front, a 2.5D curved glass covers the screen, giving the device an impressive finish. On top of the screen, you get scratch-resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. Though the Dual 5 weighs around 164 grams, it’s highly ergonomic and is convenient to use for extended periods. Coming to the display, Micromax has featured a 5.5” Full-HD AMOLED display with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 and 401 PPI. The display is bright and vivid and offers sharp text and vibrant colours. Wide viewing angles, high contrast ratio, and sunlight mode are some of the impressive features of the display. • Hardware and Performance The Dual 5 features capacitive navigation buttons on the bottom of the screen. The volume rocker and power button are on the right, and the “Smart Key” app is on the left. The Snapdragon 652 octa-core processor from Qualcomm powers the Dual 5. It comes with 4GB RAM and a massive 128 GB of internal memory. The 652 chipset ensures that the device performs daily tasks without any delays or lags. The 4GB RAM also supports gaming and multi-tasking between apps with relative ease. The stereoscopic antennas ensure that signal reception is strong and call quality is excellent. Due to this, the Dual 5 can latch onto your mobile network, even in areas where the signal is spotty. The Dual 5 sports a 3200 mAh Li-ion battery that easily lasts for a full day, even with moderate usage. The device supports Quick Charge 3.0 which reduces your charging time immensely. • Camera Performance One of the biggest highlights of the Dual 5 is the dual cameras. The dual 13MP primary cameras with f/1.8 aperture work simultaneously helping you capture both the subject and depth of field. One camera captures monochrome data, while the other one captures RGB data. Bokeh effects, Phase Detection Auto Focus, are some of the other features of the primary camera. The front-facing camera is 13MP with an aperture rating of f/2.0. The “Smart Beauty” mode ensures that your selfies look beautiful and perfect, even in low-light. Additionally, you can use the inbuilt filters and several modes to add a dash of glamour to your images. When it comes to video recording, the Dual 5 has several options like slow-motion, time-lapse, GIF creation, and so on. • OS, UI, and Apps The Dual 5 runs on Micromax’s UI, Qiku on top of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. The Qiku UI features a suite of 360-degree apps that improve security and help in the optimisation of your device. The new Qiku UI has several features like Speedup Memory, Freezer App that freezes apps that aren’t used frequently, helping your device speed up and several new customisation features like smart icons, themes, and wallpapers. Also, the Qiku UI has done away with the app drawer. Product Highlights • The Dual 5 comes with an independent security chip that helps you keep your passwords and fingerprints safe. This chip uses EAL 5+ military grade security. • The “Smart Key” app can be customised to trigger any action according to your preference be it launching Facebook or initiating a voice call. Just press the physical button to perform the action. • You can use the inbuilt infrared sensor to control home appliances like TV, AC thereby eliminating the need for individual remotes. • The “Safe Switch” feature ensures that your device cannot be switched off without a password. This helps in tracking the phone easily, if it gets lost. Additionally, if someone attempts to remove the SIM, without shutting down the phone, your device sends a picture of the person to a pre-configured account. • With the “Secure Vault” app, you can hide photos, videos and other data from prying eyes. Pros and Cons What makes the Dual 5 stand out? • The massive 128GB internal storage is sufficient to meet all storage needs. • The Dual 5 scores big in the looks department with its uni-metal body. • The Dual camera setup helps you capture even the tiniest details. • It functions efficiently when handling day to day tasks. • Impressive display that packs a wide array of colours. What could have been better? • The navigation buttons don’t have backlighting, which makes it a bit difficult to use at night. • The device gets a tad warm when running intensive apps like Google Maps at a stretch. • The primary camera takes a bit of time to process images, causing a delay in the shooting of one image and the next one. • The Dual 5 has its share of bloatware that cannot be uninstalled, even when not used. • It doesn’t come with Android Nougat out of the box.. Average score in this price range. Best score in this price range. Group Rank : #8 out of 72 Mobiles. Overall Rank : #61 out of. Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 4 GB Ram. OPPO F3 Plus (6 GB RAM). Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 6 GB Ram. Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 4 GB Ram. OPPO F3 Plus (6 GB RAM). Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 6 GB Ram. OPPO F3 Plus (6 GB RAM). based on 0 ratings Reviews Not Available. based on 107 ratings Read 45 Reviews. based on 23 ratings Read 23 Reviews. Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 4 GB Ram. Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Dual Nokia Lumia 720 Samsung Galaxy S7 32 GB OPPO F3 Plus (6 GB RAM) LG G2. Price too high? Get instant price drop alert by Email. Micromax Dual 5 Oops, this product is currently not available.. About Us Contact Us Terms Our Blog. Our Apps: Follow us:. 
Today in New Delhi , India. Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata. Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi. Micromax Dual 5 with two rear cameras, 1-year replacement scheme launched at Rs 24,999. Domestic handset-manufacturer Micromax on Wednesday launched a new smartphone with dual cameras and said that customers can change the phone anytime within a year of purchase. Updated: Mar 29, 2017 16:39 IST. Domestic handset-manufacturer Micromax on Wednesday launched a new smartphone, called Dual 5, at a price of Rs 24,999.. The phone, which will be available offline and online on e-commerce platform Flipkart, will go on sale on April 10 and will be available in a Gold colour variant.. In terms of specifications, the Micromax Dual 5 will come with a fullHD 5.5-inch display protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 3. The phone will sport a Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor along with 4GB RAM and 128GB internal storage expandable upto 128GB via microSD card.. The Dual 5 comes with a vertical dual rear camera setup with LED flash. Both the rear cameras have 13-megapixel Sony sensors. While one sensor is monochrome, the other one is RGB. This means that users will be able to take Bokeh effect shots. The front camera is also a 13-megapixel sensor that comes with a soft front flash for better selfies.. Micromax is playing up the camera of the smartphone and claims that it will be able to take good pictures in low-light. The phone will also come with several camera modes such as pro mode, panoroma and slow motion.. The Dual 5, which will draw power from a 3,200 mAh battery that supports Quick Charge, will come with a fingerprint sensor and a dedicated customisable key for quick actions. Micromax claimed that only 10 minutes of charging the phone will give it juice for 4 hours. The customisable button can be set as a quick launch button for Camera and other actions.. In terms of security, the phone will come with a military grade independent security chip for safer passwords. The security features of the phone also makes it ‘theft-proof’. The company claims that the phone will not shut down once a wrong PIN is entered too many times and if the right PIN is not entered in a hour, it will wipe all the data on the phone.. Micromax also claims that the phone will come with an anti-snoop mode. If someone enters a wrong PIN, then the camera takes a photo of the person and notifies the owner of the phone, the company said.. Further, the phone comes with a secure vault where the user can store his or her private files. Other features incldude an IR blaster, app freezer to restrict background apps and VoLTE support.. Micromax also said that Dual 5 was the first of the Dual series launch. It said that the Dual 4 will be launched soon.. 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. Want to clear the air with a loved one? Take a cue from this video. Indian smartphone market crosses 30 million shipments as Samsung leads. Micromax to start CKD manufacturing in 60 days. India World Business Education Autos Real estate. Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune. Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid. Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch. Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication bridge school ht brand studio. Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs. No Marathi translation, Maharashtra Oppn boycotts governor’s budget session address. Holi festival in Mathura: NGT asks MP Hema Malini to clear debris on Yamuna flo.... Sanskrit invocation song at IIT Madras event attended by central ministers sparks.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Corruption and Siddaramaiah have become synonymous: Amit Shah. Shiv Sena to contest LS polls in Goa in alliance with Goa Suraksha Manch. Rs 20 lakh compensation for kin of engineer killed in accident in Gujarat. Map: Seven decades after independence, most Dalit farmers still landless. Union Budget 2018: Government cuts funding for 16 major schemes, including Swachh.... Union Budget 2018: What has the government done with the most important schemes?. Union Budget 2018: Test your skills as the finance minister. What every day in the Parliament looks like. Australian TV journalist slammed for sexist, ‘creepy’ interview with New Zealand.... Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy in a bid to save entertainment assets. 4 killed after blast destroys shop and home in English city of Leicester. Russian spies hacked Olympics computers, turned blame on N Korea: Report. Students and teachers brace for emotional return to Florida school. Palestinian on boat from Gaza killed by Israeli fire: Army. Gurgaon: Multiple thefts in two hours, Sector 57 residents fear for their safety. Gurgaon: Sector 10 govt hospital vandalised after patient denied treatment. Gurgaon: New road safety measures make driving safer on Golf Course Road. Technical problem at Kalyan disrupts local train services on Mumbai’s central l.... Hooda sounds poll bugle, promises ‘New Haryana’. WATCH: Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis sings, sways in video about Mumbai’s ri.... Budget session begins with row over governor’s address: Oppn walk outs, Fadnavis.... Turning 18 with HT: ‘Want to serve humanity and earn well too’. 5 issues that Fadnavis-led Maharashtra govt will have to deal with this budget .... Papon sexual assault row: The singer’s decision to use the child to defend himself is nauseating. Metro Matters: DDA must ask Delhi before deciding for it. The ‘conservation vs people’ approach to protecting wildlife has hit tribals ha.... Controversies during Trudeau visit must not affect the broader bilateral relati.... One stop centres, which provide support services to survivors of gender violence,.... Morne Morkel to retire from international cricket after Australia Test series. Neymar’s ankle in heavy strapping after PSG’s 3-0 win over Marseille. Ramkumar Ramanathan achieves career-best rank, Yuki Bhambri drops. Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Australian cricket team coach Darren Lehmann rejects Moeen Ali’s Test cricket f.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shikhar Dhawan make significant movement in ICC rankings. Indian Premier League helps shore up India’s death-overs bowling. Virat Kohli-led India presented with ICC Test Championship mace. Indian Premier League has turned me into a thinking bowler: Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Sridevi died from accidental drowning: Report. Naomi Campbell, Padma Lakshmi and Mahira Khan: International stars pay tribute to.... Roles like Mayil and Yavanarani will be hard to forget: A look at Sridevi’s rise.... Padmaavat: Versatility is very important for me, says Aditi Rao Hydari. ‘Sridevi treated make-up artistes, others like family’. #Travelbrag: Head to these gorgeous destinations for an Insta-worthy travel experience. Swinging times: Thais take to a new form of dancing with street parties. How a Czech schoolboy battled Asperger Syndrome to become a designer. In Vietnam, you can hire wedding guests, parents and even grooms and organise fake.... Keep calm and carry on: A little anxiety may boost your memory. ‘Modicare’ to cost govt Rs 1,100-1,200 per family every year. ‘Finance minister must clarify what cost yardstick will be used on MSPs’. Union Budget 2018: Kamal Haasan says govt was ‘indifferent’ towards middle class. Union Budget 2018: Gave small taxpayers relief in past, says Jaitley. Budget 2018: Investment advisers, analysts likely to face penalties of up to Rs.... As Xi Jinping consolidates power, Chinese stocks with ‘emperor’ in their names are shining. Analysis: Nirav Modi firms may not have financials to match PNB fraud magnitude. Sterlite Technologies bags Rs 3,500 crore project from Indian Navy. Upcoming IPO: Kalyan Jewellers to file draft papers in a month. Aster DM Healthcare makes weak stock market debut, shares fall over 4%. Data wars: Idea-Vodafone build war chest to take on rivals. Oil gains on disrupted Libyan exports, Saudi promise to put a stable end to cur.... 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. MWC 2018: Vivo APEX concept smartphone with world’s first half-screen fingerprint.... MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact smartphones and Xperia Ear Duo wireless.... BSNL partners Nokia to roll out 4G services. Apple could launch over-ear headphones this year: Ming-Chi Kuo. Smartphone makers with less than 10% market share is losing money: Huawei. Schools can’t withhold admit cards of board students: CBSE. IIT Kharagpur research scholar develops battery using sewage water. CBSE helpline gets queries on break-ups, memory loss, ill-treatment by parents. JNU entrance result 2018 declared, here’s how to check. Suspension of 22 IIT-Kanpur students over ragging set aside by Allahabad HC. Muscle power: Mumbai men compete in bodybuilding competition. Photos: In Nagaland, women rise to the fore in politics. Photos: At Rajasthan’s Deoli, CISF jawans train to secure Delhi.... Photos: Ancient beards and the faces of modern Jerusalem. NIA, IB on alert after Kashmiri student from AIIMS, Bhubaneswar goes missing. S9, 5G, AI and Internet of Things Hot at MWC 2018. South Africa vs India 2018: The tour through Virat Kohli’s eyes. ISL: FC Goa thrash FC Pune City to keep play-off hopes alive. Bengaluru FC beat Jamshedpur FC 2-0 in Indian Super League 2018. 
News / Features / How-To / Opinions / Top 10 / Gallery / Video. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Phones / HDTV / Gaming / Apps / Tablets / Cameras / Printers / Software. Cell Phone Reviews | Micromax Dual 5 |. How HMD Global is helping Nokia come back with smartphones. Google’s Allo is a chat app on steroids. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. The best phone from an Indian brand. Editor Rating: Good (3.5) Mar 29, 2017. Its quality and functionality speaks volumes.. However, at the same time, it is still not in the same class as some of its. foreign competitors purely in terms of software and performance.. Firstly, there is no doubt that the new Dual 5 is a premium phone in terms of looks and feel. In terms of design, it reminds one of the original HTC One shoehorned with a dual camera setup on the back. So you get an inverted pyramid shaped back which is curved and also gently rounded from the sides.. The back has a metallic matte finish and the edges are lined with a diamond cut chamfer and the end result is a phone which is very handsome to look at. While it may remind you of the HTC One, the Micromax also reminds of Qiku's Q Terra line of smartphones which were launched in India a couple of years ago. Regardless, the end result, aesthetically speaking is very impressive and a massive leap above what Micromax has being bringing in to the market.. Ergonomics of this phone, however, are a different story. The metal chamfers lining the sides of the phone mean that they dig into the palms of the user. It is not the nicest feeling to say the least. Considering the enormous size of the phone one handed usage is impossible, but Micromax has managed to cram in a 5.5-inch screen in a frame smaller than the iPhone 7 Plus.. Also read: Two easy ways to keep your iCloud account safe and hack-free. Praise worthy? Well, not so much so in our opinion as almost every other player has managed that feat and Apple's obsession with symmetry and the placement of the home button are actually the main reasons behind the extra bulge on the iPhone 7 Plus.. Regardless, the phone manages an impressive 86 percent screen to body ratio which is better than most phones in the market. The 5.5-inch display is also topped off with 2.5D curved glass which adds to the lustre of the product.. Obviously, it also has Gorilla Glass 3 protection, but it must be said this is inferior to some of the new phones which come with either Gorilla Glass 4 or 5.. For the display too, Micromax is using a Super AMOLED panel which isn't only more power efficient, but also this technology is known for vivid and lush colours. The full HD screen indeed does provide vivid colours. Sure, these colours aren't 'real' per se, however they do look nice on the screen and overall it is great very good for watching movies, reading text or basically doing anything on the phone. The brightness levels under direct sunlight could've been better, but that may be an improvement for another time.. Users can also manually control the colour gamut of the screen from the settings menu and it also comes with a blue light filter which adds a yellow tint to the screen which can come in handy while using the phone during night time.. The phone has tactile volume and power buttons on the right while there is a strange configurable button on the left too. There is no doubt that the build quality of the phone is quite impressive and it feels very solid. While true, the obvious side effect of this is that the phone feels quite heavy compared to devices like the OnePlus 3T and Xiaomi Mi 5. The numbers are in sync with this as the phone weighs in a neat 164 grams, however, that number too is lesser than the iPhone 7 Plus.. Micromax Dual 5 review | page 2. A fan of the iconic TV series Star Trek since childhood, Sahil Mohan Gupta, was pushed towards writing about technology because of impact of the TV show at a very young age. Sahil, who is known as Bones, in professional and social circles, has been writing about tech for more than 6 years. He has written about everything under the sun; ranging from smartphones, tablets, PCs, videos games, AI to pro audio, music, nightlife, sports and movies. Sahil has worked for some of the most prestigious media houses in India covering technology verticals and has also hosted consumer electronics shows on Indian national television. At PCMag India, he brings his ... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5: The successor to India’s favourite smartphone of 2017 is here. The Ultimate Geek Challenge: Episode 1 (Bonus contest). 2017 indicates that 2018 will be the year of AI phones. Apple did the right thing with the iPhone throttling but it went about it the wrong way. Samsung launches Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus for "the visual and social generation". Available for pre-order on March 2nd.. Uber launches cheaper Express Pool, similar to Ola’s Ride Share Express. Express Pool will be up to 50% cheaper than the standard Pool. This 3-D-printed device turns a smartphone into fully operational microscope. The clip-on microscope requires no external power or light source to work. HDD: What is the future of mainstream storage?. With technology and data going hand in hand, hard drives and solid .... Researchers get closer to creating a DNA-based file system. The new invention will makes it easier to store and retrieve data .... About About PCMagazine Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. PCMag India is operated by Times Internet Limited under license from ZiffDavis. 
Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Market Summary Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content. Watchlists My Portfolio Budget 2018 News Personal Finance Photos Technology Autos Videos. BSE SENSEX 34,445.75 Nifty 50 10,582.60 USD/INR 64.77 Dow 25,309.99 Nasdaq 7,337.39 BTC-INR 668,424.56 Hang Seng 31,498.60 Nikkei 22,153.63. + 303.60 ( + 0.89% ). + 91.55 ( + 0.87% ). + 347.51 ( + 1.39% ). + 127.31 ( + 1.77% ). + 30,393.48 ( + 4.76% ). + 231.43 ( + 0.74% ). + 260.85 ( + 1.19% ). Micromax Dual 5: Specifications, top features, price & everything you must know. Micromax Dual 5 uses Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor and more. Here is a quick overview of the phone, complete with its key specifications, price and top feature.. Micromax hasn't made much noise in the last several months. The company was working and re-working on its market strategy, figuring out a way to tackle the challenge it is facing the China-based firms. On Wednesday, Micromax launched the Dual 5, a phone with which it hopes to enter a more premium territory. The Dual 5 is one of the most expensive phones Micromax has launched and it is also arguably its most premium device to date.. We will have more to say about the Micromax Dual 5 but for now, here is a quick overview of the phone, complete with its key specifications, price and top feature.. Processor: The Micromax Dual 5 uses Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor. This is an octa-core processor with 4 cores of high-performance A72 chip and 4 other cores of A53. The top speed of the processor is 1.8GHz.. RAM: The Micromax Dual 5 comes with 4GB RAM. Internal storage: The phone has 128GB internal storage, which is quite generous.. Screen: 5.5-inch with FullHD aka 1080p display with a layer of Gorilla Glass 3. The glass layer has a curve of 2.5D. Also, the Micromax Dual 5 uses a Super AMOLED panel for the screen.. Also Read: Micromax Dual 5 with 2 cameras, premium metal design launched at Rs 24,999. Rear camera: 2 cameras with 13-megapixel Sony-made image sensor for each of them. One of these sensors is colour sensor, the other one is monochrome. Also F1.8 lens with 6 elements in the main camera.. Front camera: 13-megapixel front camera with Sony-made image sensor. A soft glow flash is provided on the front.. Software: Android 6 aka Marshmallow, customised by Micromax with its own user interface.. Battery: 3200 mAh with QuickCharge 3 (turbo charging).. The Micromax Dual 5 has several special features:. -- Still photography is a major focus for the Dual 5. More significantly, it uses that second camera to provide better low-light photo and gorgeous bokeh (blurred background) in portrait photos. In limited tests we have found that both features work beautifully. In fact, the blurred background feature is as good as what Apple has implemented in the iPhone 7 Plus.. -- The Micromax Dual 5 can shoot 3D videos.. -- The Micromax Dual 5 has a fingerprint sensor on the back. It also offers other connectivity features like IR blaster.. -- The phone has an all-metal body, with curved back. The quality of metal that the Micromax Dual 5 sports is really good. It looks like a premium phone feels like one in hands. This is truly an all-metal phone, like the iPhone or the OnePlus 3. There are no plastic inserts in this phone.. -- The Micromax Dual 5 comes with a security chip called SafeVault. This chip then powers anti-theft and other security features like ability to set different security zones on the phone. "The phone comes with a safe switch, ensuring that no one else can unlock your phone or shut it down without a password. In-fact, any attempt to pull out the SIM card would lock the phone capturing the picture of the suspected intruder," says Micromax.. -- The super AMOLED screen means that the Micromax Dual 5 shows extremely vivid images.. How to buy it: The Micromax Dual 5 will be sold at both online and offline stores starting from April 10.. India price: The Micromax Dual 5 will sell at a price of Rs 24,999.. Also Read: Micromax Dual 5 set to launch in India today. Sridevi’s Demise: Indian Consulate In Dubai Working To Bring Body Back. Karan Johar takes CRYING Jhanvi Kapoor to Anil Kapoor's house. Indians study hard and get MBA, may be buy Mercedes but lack creativity: Apple co-founder Steve Woz. Is Changing Jobs Frequently Financially Wise?. Lawyer Says He Will Advise Nirav Modi Not To Return To India For Investigation. Fixed Deposits Interest Rates Offered By Different Banks. Axis Bank To Focus Only On Better-Rated Borrowers. Best Way To Carry Money While Travelling Overseas. Seven financial scams that shook the nation and siphoned billions off people. Retaining Air India Employees Will Diminish Its Bid Value. EPFO Rate At 5-Year Low Of 8.55%. Nirav Modi-PNB Fraud: Rahul Asks Why Is ‘Chowkidar’ Modi Silent. When To Withdraw From A Mutual Fund. Check Out! Top 10 biggest fall in Sensex in the last 10 years. Mistakes That May Spoil Your Tax Saving Plans. 
