Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra smartphone was launched in October 2017. The phone comes with a 4.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 800 pixels. The Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core Spreadtrum SC9832 processor and it comes with 512MB of RAM. The phone packs 4GB of internal storage that can be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra packs a 2-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 0.3-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 1300mAh non removable battery. The Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor and Accelerometer.. Vodafone, Micromax Launch Bharat-2 Ultra at Rs. 999 'Effective Price' to Beat Jio Phone. More Micromax mobiles Micromax mobiles price in India. Release date October 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 1300 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 4.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x800 pixels. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make Spreadtrum SC9832 RAM 512MB Internal storage 4GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD. Rear camera 2-megapixel Front camera 0.3-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Vodafone, Micromax Launch Bharat-2 Ultra at Rs. 999 'Effective Price' to Beat Jio Phone. Micromax Bharat 5 Plus Micromax Bolt Q3001 Micromax Bharat 2 Plus Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax Bharat 5 Micromax Bharat 1 Micromax Selfie 3 Micromax Bharat 4 Micromax Bharat 3 Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Evok Dual Note Micromax Selfie 2 Micromax Canvas 1 Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) Micromax Evok Power Micromax Evok Note Micromax Bharat 2 Micromax Dual 5 Micromax Spark Vdeo Micromax Vdeo 3 Micromax Vdeo 4 Micromax Vdeo 2 Micromax Vdeo 1 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Micromax Bolt Q326+ Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition Micromax Unite 4 Plus Micromax Bolt Supreme 4. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Micromax Vdeo 1 Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Micromax Vdeo 1 Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Lyf C451 Coolpad Cool Play 6c vs. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Zb553kl Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Jio Phone Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Motorola Moto G5s Plus Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Zb553kl vs. Asus Zenfone 3s Max Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Micromax / Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 5.0 1 Ratings 2 Questions & Answers. Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The smartphone has a 4-inch FWVGA IPS display. The other popular variants you may look for are. It has a 2MP rear camera with an LED flash and a VGA front-facing camera. The device is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core Spreadtrum processor and 512MB RAM. It has 4GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card up to 32GB. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a Li-Ion 1,300mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 2,799. Key Specifications SC9832 processor 512MB RAM 4GB internal storage 1300 mAh battery 2 M.Pixels rear & 0.3 M.Pixels selfie 4.0 inch screen Dual SIM Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Earn ₹21 cashback on this product. (Not applicable for purchases in Amazon) i Sign up. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is at Shopclues, which is 2% less than the cost of Bharat 2 Ultra at Amazon (Rs. Micromax has joined hands with Vodafone to introduce the Bharat-2 Ultra smartphone. The smartphone does not differ much in terms of design from the Bharat 1. The device is ultra-affordable and ships with VoLTE support.. The Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra comes with a 2-megapixel primary camera and a VGA front-facing shooter. The rear camera also has an LED flash which can be used to capture images and videos even in dark conditions.. The Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra flaunts a 4-inch FWVGA IPS display which makes the smartphone small and compact.. One can expect the device to deliver decent performance courtesy a 1.3GHz quad-core Spreadtrum processor and 512MB RAM.. Connectivity options on the Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra include 4G , Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, VoLTE support, Bluetooth 4.2, and a microUSB 2.0 port.. The smartphone ships with an internal storage capacity of 4GB which can be expanded via a microSD card up to 32GB to store all that you need.. The Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra is powered by a Li-Ion 1,300mAh battery and runs the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system out of the box.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 480x854 pixels Size (in inches) 4.0 Pixel Density 218 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 61.4 % Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Rear Flash Yes Selfie Flash No Primary 2 M.Pixels Front 0.3 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 4GB RAM 512MB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 1300 mAh Turbo Charge No Connectivity Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot Bluetooth v4.0 3G Yes USB MicroUSB 2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant SC9832 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.3 GHz Make Spreadtrum Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Is this a dual or single SIM mobile?. This is a dual SIM mobile.. User Reviews of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Micromax mobile price list in India. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra was obtained on 26th February 2018 17:03:30 The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is available in Amazon, Shopclues The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is available in Black, Beige colours across various online stores in India.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India is Rs. 2,799 as on 26th February 2018 17:03:30. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Home >> Phones >> Micromax >>Bharat 2 Ultra. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is a Smartphone Powered by Android 6.0 Marshmallow and 2MP rear camera.. - 1.3GHz Spreadtrum SC9832 Quad-Core Processor. - 512MB RAM With 4GB ROM. - 4 Inch WVGA Touchscreen Display. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 59 results for "Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra". Professional Ultra SanDisk 400GB Bharat 2 MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Micromax. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Charger, BoxWave [Dual High Current Wall Charger] 2 USB Port Rapid Wall Charger for Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra - White. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Charger, BoxWave [Rejuva Power Pack] 2600 mAh Portable Charger for Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra - Jet Black. Pack External Battery Pack and (1) durable Micro USB to USB 2.0 cable .... ReadyPlug USB Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Data/Computer/Sync/Charging Cable (Black, 6 Inches). Product Features Data Transfer/Charger Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Data/Computer/Sync/Charging Cable (Black, 10 Feet). Product Features Data Transfer/Charger Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone - Detachable Cable with Wall Adapter 2A USB Port (White). Product Features Wall Charging USB Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Car Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone (Black - Glows Blue). Product Features Dual Port USB Car Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Data/Computer/Sync/Charging Cable (Black, 6 Feet). Product Features Data Transfer/Charger Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug Blue Ice USB Car Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Travel Size Stretch Cable (Glows Blue). Product Features USB Car Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Data/Computer/Sync/Charging Cable (Black, 15 Feet). Product Features Data Transfer/Charger Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug Charger Extension Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Male to Female M/F Cable (6 Feet). Product Features USB Extension Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Data/Computer/Sync/Charging Cable (Black, 3 Feet). Product Features Data Transfer/Charger Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug Retractable 3.5mm Audio Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone Line In/Aux Headphone (2.5 Feet, Black). Product Features 3.5mm Audio Cable for Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone - Detachable Cable with Wall Adapter 2A USB Port (Black). Product Features Wall Charging USB Cable for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Charger for Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone - AC/DC Wall Adapter 2A USB Port (White). Product Features Wall Charging USB Port for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. ReadyPlug USB Car Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone (White - Glows Blue). Product Features Dual Port USB Car Charger for: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Micromax is one of India's largest and most popular brands for smartphones as well as other electronics devices. It is famous for providing good value-for-money devices in the budget and mid-range segments.. Micromax has service centres in almost all the cities in India. You can locate the nearest Micromax service Centre through SMS.. Type ASC < space > City Pin code. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra details Poor battery backup Read more. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is a smartphone for those who are looking for an inexpensive deal. However, being an inexpensive smartphone, the device offers many goodies to amaze you. You get a smooth performance as a result of a good processor and decent RAM present. The expandable storage option gives you plenty space to store your files, but the battery is not good enough to back the feature loaded device.. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra features a 4.0-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 4,80 x 800 pixels. It is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor, which sits upon the Spreadtrum SC9832A chipset. It is further assisted by a 512MB RAM and runs on Android v6.0 (marshmallow) operating system.. The device comes equipped with an inbuilt 4GB storage, which is expandable up to 32GB by using an external memory chip. At the rear-end, the smartphone features a 2MP Primary camera without any flash, while the secondary camera is present at the front-end with a 0.3MP resolution for taking selfies and video calling.. Connectivity options include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, headphone jack, GPS. Sensors on board include an accelerometer sensor and a proximity sensor. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is backed by a 1,300mAh battery.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra PRICE IN INDIA. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 4 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM No Fingerprint sensor FM Radio. What makes Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra unique?. The best 1 Micromax phone priced around Rs. Top smartphones launched in India in October 2017. Nov 07 2017 By Abhiman Biswas. These are the top smartphones that arrived in the country last month. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specifications. 2 - 4 K Phones all phones. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. 4 inches (10.16 cm) Screen Resolution. 480 x 800 pixels Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC9832A. Dual core, 1.2 GHz, ARM Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6582. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6735. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. 1600 x 1200 Pixels Camera Features. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. Group: 2 - 4 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 2 - 4 K. 2 - 4 K Phones All Phones. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5). GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Competitors for Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Show only Android Micromax Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 2 MP. Higher battery capacity: 1600 mAH vs 1300 mAH. More internal memory: 8 GB vs 4 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.3 GHz SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 233 ppi 57 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 2 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. More thickness: 10.8 mm vs 10.1 mm. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.3 GHz RAM: 512 MB Primary camera: 2 MP Battery capacity: 1300 mAH. SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 233 ppi Internal Memory: 4 GB Thickness: 10.1 mm 50 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 1400 mAH vs 1300 mAH. More internal memory: 8 GB vs 4 GB. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.3 GHz Primary camera: 2 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 233 ppi 37 people compared together. More thickness: 10.5 mm vs 10.1 mm. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 1300 mAH. Smaller screen : 2.4 inches vs 4 inches. Dual core 1.1 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. RAM: 512 MB Primary camera: 2 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 4 GB 28 people compared together. Lower pixel density: 167 ppi vs 233 ppi. More thickness: 13.8 mm vs 10.1 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4 inches. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 2 MP. Higher battery capacity: 2500 mAH vs 1300 mAH. Quad core 1.3 GHz SIM card slots: 2 23 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 294 ppi vs 233 ppi. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 4 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser thickness: 9 mm vs 10.1 mm. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 4.5 inches vs 4 inches. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 2 MP. Higher battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 1300 mAH. Quad core 1.3 GHz SIM card slots: 2 20 people compared together. More internal memory: 8 GB vs 4 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. Lower pixel density: 218 ppi vs 233 ppi. View all FAQs about Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. How much time it takes to fully charge the battery of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra ?. Answered by Ikshu Nigam | 2 months ago. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra have a 1300mAh battery, which could be charged in around 45 mins.. You can check the full specs here:. Does Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra support Relaince Jio Sim?. Answered by Heera Chaudhary | 4 months ago. Yes, Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra supports Jio SIM. You can check the full specifications of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. How to take complete backup of my Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra ?. Answered by Lakshman Puri | 4 months ago. Go to settings and find an option named as Reset and Backup. It must be towards the end of the settings menu. Open it and select an account you wish to take backup on. Your device will be backed up on that account.. You can check the full specifications of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. How to share any file from Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra to other device ?. Answered by Lakshman Lata | 4 months ago. Navigate to the file you wish to share. Tap and hold the file till you see a menu. Select the send option and choose a method to send (Mail, Bluetooth, WhatsApp). You can check the full specifications of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. How to cast my Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra screen on TV ?. Answered by Krishna Mehra | 3 months ago. To cast your phone screen on your TV you need to have Chromecast.Follow the steps to successfully cast your screen- Before you begin casting 1. Connect your phone to a Wi-Fi network. The mobile device, tablet or computer you are using to cast must be on the same Wi-Fi network as your Chromecast. You must be running the latest version of the Chromecast-enabled app. You can always double check that you are on the latest version by visiting the Google Play Store.. Cast from Chromecast-enabled apps to your TV 1. you are using to cast is on the same Wi-Fi network as your Chromecast or TV with Chromecast built-in.. Tap the Cast button Inactive cast extension. Note: The Cast button isn't located in the same place on all Chromecast-enabled apps. Tap the device you'd like to cast to.. When you're connected, the Cast button will turn color, letting. Select the app like Youtube, Broswer,Google Music etc and look for the Cast icon as shown in the image below.. You can now cast videos, movies and TV shows directly to your TV. To stop casting, tap the Cast button and then Disconnect. You can also watch this step-by -step guide to do the same. You can check the complete specs of this phone:. You can check more details here:. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: November, 2017 |. (2/5) 3 ratings Rate now. 2MP Primary Camera, 0.3 MP Front Camera. 4.0 inches 480 x 848 pixels. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4 Inch Marshmallow512MB & 4GB 4G Smartphone (Black) 2,870 Go to Store. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra comes with a 4.0 inches Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 480 x 848 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core 1.3 GHz Processor 512 MB RAM and 4 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra sports a 2 MP Camera with Yes, .. Up front, the smartphone from Micromax makes use of a 0.3 MP VGA Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra includes Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, v4.0, microUSB v2.0, with GPS. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra gets the power from a Li-Ion 1300mAh battery.. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim (Mini + Micro) ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date November, 2017 Indian Release Date November, 2017 DISPLAY Screen size 4.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 480 x 848 pixels Touchscreen Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) WVGA PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core 1.3 GHz Processor STORAGE Internal Storage 4 GB Storage RAM 512 MB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Yes Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Yes CAMERA Primary camera 2 MP Camera Front Camera 0.3 MP VGA Camera Video Recording Yes MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, MIDI,AAC,OPUS,FLAC,OGG,M4A Video Player H.264, MP4, H.263, MP2 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 1300mAh battery CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth v4.0 USB microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility with GPS Browser HTML 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G WCDMA 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 900 / 1800 MHz 4G VoLTE. 512 MB 3.2MP. 512 MB 3.2MP. 1 GB 2MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTg5MjMwfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Micromax Canvas Infinity first impression: A device with a stunning design and competitive. Interview with Rahul Sharma ( Micromax ). Latest Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra NEWS. Micromax-Vodafone's Bharat2 Ultra 4G phone can be a threat to low-cost 4G smartphones November 14, 2017. Micromax announced the Bharat 1 4G feature phone only in the last week. Within a few days, the company has come up with the cheapest 4G smartphone, the Bharat 2 Ultra priced at Rs. Weekly Roundup: smartphones launched last week: Sony Xperia R1, OPPO F5, Bharat 2 ultra and more October 29, 2017. It is always an eventful week for the smartphone enthusiasts especially in the Indian market as many brands launch new smartphones almost every week. Likewise, the past week was no different. Notably, this past week, there has been many launches. Micromax Evok Dual Note (4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
We would like to send you awesome offers!. Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings.. Sorry!! No result found for "OK".Please press enter for search.. If you are a new user. Please refresh the page and try again.. Please refresh the page and try again.. New product price is lower than exchange product price. Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page. Exchange offer is not applicable with this product. Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product. Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option. Your item has been added to Shortlist.. Your Item has been added to Shopping List. Remove below items from the cart. Return form will be sent to your email Id:. Want this item in next 24 hours?. Get an instant SMS with a link to download the Snapdeal App. Please Enter a Valid 10 Digit Number.. Yes, Send Me A Link To The App. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra (4G, 4GB) - with Vodafone offer. You have reached the maximum number of selection. You can select only upto 4 items to compare.. You have already selected this product.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra (4G, 4GB) - with Vodafone offer. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra (4G, 4GB) - with Vodafone offer. 3,750 [ 23 % OFF]. You selected EMI of for months Change. No Cost EMI of Zero Emi Vendor applied on the product. (5) Offers | Applicable on cart. 10% instant discount on Axis bank Credit and Debit cards. Get 5% Cashback on All Transactions Using HDFC Bank Rewards Debit Card. Get 5X Reward Points Using HDFC Bank Credit Cards. Get 5% instant discount + 10X rewards using Snapdeal HDFC Bank Credit Card. Micromax Bharat 2 Vodafone cashback offer. WebPDPAttributeContentDTO [id=622134976157, name=Colour, value=Black, soldOut=false, subAttributeType=null, subAttributes=null, catalogId=622134976157, supc=SDL308135669, live=true, images=[imgs/g/w/l/Micromax-Bharat-2-Ultra-4G-SDL308135669-1-75bf0.jpg, imgs/g/q/h/Mobile_2-f4ee2.jpg, imgs/g/q/h/Mobile_3-8cd82.jpg, imgs/g/q/h/Mobile_4-6c98b.jpg], colorCode=#000000, thumbnail=https://n4.sdlcdn.com/imgs/g/w/l/130x152/Micromax-Bharat-2-Ultra-4G-SDL308135669-1-75bf0.jpg, selected=true, buyableInventory=166]. Item not available at this location, please try another pincode. Standard Delivery in 2-5 days. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Standard Delivery in 2-5 days. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Order & get it delivered in. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. You can select the delivery speed at checkout. Available for select products & pincodes. Delivery charges include area handling charges & have money back guarantee *. (*Refer FAQs for detailed T&C). (*Refer FAQs for detailed T&C). Delivery charges include area handling charges & have money back guarantee *. Area Based Handling Charges : Rs. We will let you know when in stock. You will be notified when this product will be in stock. Screen Size (in cm):10.16 cm (4). TrustPay : 7 Days Easy Replacements. Dial *#06# to get your IMEI Number. In case of device support issues, try new Snapdeal App. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Try new Snapdeal App for higher exchange discount. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Screen Size (in cm):10.16 cm (4). 1 each of Transceiver,Charger,USB Cable,Battery User Guide. Rear camera description(auto focus/FF/auto focus with flash). Rear camera (Pixel Size core brand) 2M (1200x1600). Audio Formats Supported .mp3, .aac, .m4a, .amr, .wav, .opus, .mid, .flac, .ogg. The images represent actual product though color of the image and product may slightly differ.. Was this information helpful to you?. Thank You for submitting your response.. Expand your business to millions of customers. More Mobile Phones From Micromax. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra (4G, 4GB) - with Vodafone offer. Got a question? Look no further.. Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.. Download the app and get exciting. app only offers at your fingertips. Please enter a valid email address.. Register now to get updates on promotions and. About Snapdeal – India’s Ultimate Online Shopping Site. Snapdeal’s vision is to create India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem that creates life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. In February 2010, Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, started Snapdeal.com - India’s largest online shopping marketplace, with the widest assortment of 35 million plus products across 800 plus diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, national, and international brands and retailers. With millions of users and more than 300,000 sellers, Snapdeal is the online shopping site for Internet users across the country, delivering to 6000+ cities and towns in India. In its journey till now, Snapdeal has partnered with several global marquee investors and individuals such as SoftBank, BlackRock, Temasek, Foxconn, Alibaba, eBay Inc., Premji Invest, Intel Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Mr. Online Shopping – A Boon The trend of online shopping is becoming a household name and so is Snapdeal. Snapdeal is the preferred choice of hundreds of thousands of online shoppers given its mammoth assortment of 15 million+ products, quick delivery even to the remotest corners of the country, and daily deals, discounts & offers to make products available at slashed down prices to our valuable customers. Get Started! Shop Online Today at Snapdeal If you have been missing out on all the fun of online shopping thinking it requires one to be a technology aficionado then we have good news for you. Shopping online particularly at Snapdeal is a child’s play; all you need is a mobile phone or laptop or tablet with Internet connection to get started. Simply log into Snapdeal.com and browse through the wide assortment of products across categories. Once you have zeroed in on your favorite products, simply place the order by filling in the details; the products will be delivered right at your doorstep. Fulfill Your Entrepreneurial Dreams! Sell Today at Snapdeal Thanks to easy-to-understand, flexible policies and SD Advisors to help sellers at each step, anyone from a manufacturer to wholesaler to retailer can sell on Snapdeal. Begin your entrepreneurial journey with Snapdeal as a seller by filling a simple registration form here. Once the registration process is done, you can start selling your products to the entire country by sitting at your home or office. Doesn't it sound thrilling? Of course, it is and the excitement will build up with every order you receive! Start selling at Snapdeal today and see your business reach staggering heights. Shop on the Go – Install Snapdeal App Today! You can shop for your favourite products at Snapdeal even on the go using Snapdeal App. Available for both Android and Apple users, the app can be downloaded from Google Play Store and Apple App Store respectively. The app is quick, user-friendly, and enables shoppers buy products with a breeze. What's more, get timely notifications on your phone or tablet so that you don't miss amazing deals and offers. Download the app right now and experience how fun it is to shop on your mobile!. Copyright © 2017, Jasper Infotech Private Limited. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Vodafone, Micromax Launch Bharat-2 Ultra at Rs. 999 'Effective Price' to Beat Jio Phone. Ketan Pratap , 24 October 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Bharat-2 Ultra will go on sale in November. Vodafone to offer cash backs of Rs. Vodafone and Micromax have come together to launch the Bharat-2 Ultra 4G-capable feature phone in a bid to take on Jio Phone. This is the second such partnership for Micromax , which launched the Bharat-1 last week in partnership with BSNL. The Vodafone phone's effective price will be Rs. 999 if the buyer sticks to the handset for a 3-year period. Jio Phone also has a similar 3-year commitment requirement that brings down the effective price to zero, while Airtel and Karbonn's A40 Indian. Android phone sees its effective price come down to Rs. 1,399 over the same time frame. BSNL and Micromax offer the Bharat-1 , which comes with unlimited data and calls and has a lower effective price than the Jio Phone .. Under the Vodafone and Micromax partnership, interested users on Vodafone network or even new customers can buy the new Bharat-2 Ultra 4G smartphone at Rs. 2,899, and will have to recharge it with at least Rs. 150 per month for the next 36 months. Vodafone says that the recharges can be of any denomination totalling to a minimum of Rs. The company at the end of 18 months will offer cashback of Rs. 900, and additional cash back of Rs. Though, users will receive the cash back in their Vodafone M-Pesa wallets which can be utilised for transacting digitally or withdraw cash as per user convenience. The deal is very similar to Airtel's, with the same downpayment but a smaller Rs. Micromax says that the Bharat series of phones have seen impressive adoption in the Indian market. The company claims that the Bharat phones have been adopted by 2 million users.. Coming to the specifications of Bharat-2 Ultra, it features a 4-inch WVGA display and is powered by quad-core Spreadtrum SC9832 processor clocked at 1.3GHz coupled with 512MB RAM. On the camera front, the handset sports a 2-megapixel rear camera and a 0.3-megapixel front camera. The device comes with camera modes like scene detection, frame mode, and burst shots. The handset runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow and packs a 1300mAh battery.. Commenting on the announcement, Avneesh Khosla, Associate Director Consumer Business, Vodafone India said, "We are delighted to partner with Micromax to democratise the 4G smartphones at a never before price of under Rs. This will help fulfill the aspirations of several million phone users across the country who desire a smart phone but couldn't afford one. It will also encourage current non users of 4G to upgrade and enjoy a richer user experience with Vodafone SuperNet 4G.". Rahul Sharma, Co-founder, Micromax, "This partnership with Vodafone will help bring in the next phase of smartphone adoption by hand-holding consumers to upgrade them from feature phones to smartphones. We believe that greater device affordability and low cost data packs will drive increased smartphone adoption, as there is still a huge gap.". For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Vodafone, Micromax Launch Bharat-2 Ultra at Rs. 999 'Effective Price' to Beat Jio Phone. More Micromax mobiles Micromax mobiles price in India. Further reading: Airtel , Jio , Jio Phone , Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra , Mobiles , Vodafone. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Fortumo Wants You to Pay for Your Cab Ride With Your Phone Bill. Vodafone, Micromax Launch Bharat-2 Ultra at Rs. 999 'Effective Price' to Beat Jio Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Airtel Joins Global Alliance for In-Flight Data Connectivity This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Listed Price : 999. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra features a 4-inch WVGA display. The device is powered by a Spreadtrum SC9832 quad-core processor clocked at 1.3GHz. 512MB of RAM, and 4GB of internal storage. For photography, the Bharat 2 Ultra sports a 2-megapixel rear camera, and a VGA front camera. On the software front, the Bharat 2 Ultra runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Full Specifications of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Sales Package Device, Battery, Quick Start Guide. Display Resolution WVGA (800 x 480) Pixels. Internal Memory 4GB Internal Memory, 512 MB RAM. Processor Spreadtrum SC9832 Quad-Core 1.3GHz Processor. Nokia 2, Xiaomi Mi MIX 2, Oppo F5 to Google Pixel 2: Top 10 smartphones launched in October 2017. OnePlus 5T leak, Moto X4 India price leak, Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra launch and more: Daily news wrap. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone launched, priced at Rs 999. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra budget smartphone launched: Price, specifications, features. More on Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Reviews in India. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Features & Specs. 19,100 Buy Now. Processor Spreadtrum SC9832 Quad-Core 1.3GHz Processor. Internal Memory 4GB Internal Memory, 512 MB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Staff on Oct 31, 2017 08:21 PM. Here’s a look at top smartphones that launched in October .... Staff on Oct 24, 2017 10:13 PM. Take a look at the top five news stories of the .... Staff on Oct 24, 2017 12:43 PM. The smartphone's offer price of Rs 999 can be availed only .... IANS on Oct 24, 2017 10:08 AM. Micromax's new budget smartphone has been launched in .... Write a Review on Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Mobiles / Micromax Mobile Phones / Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 2,147 Launch Date in India: 28 November, 2017 Compare. Micromax is a very popular name in India’s smartphone market for its affordable devices. Recently, the manufacturer and Vodafone jointly launched a new handset called the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. The key attraction of this smartphone is its affordable price tag. Apart from this, the phone also carries some decent features. Here is a brief overview of this smartphone analysing whether you should be buying it or not.. 4G VoLTE connectivity: Gone are those days when a person used 3G or 2G for browsing the internet. In the current scenario, no matter how small your budget is, It’s just not practical to buy a smartphone that is not equipped with 4G and VoLTE connectivity options.. Inexpensive: The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra comes with an inexpensive price tag. In fact, it is the cheapest smartphone with 4G VoLTE connectivity.. Vodafone bundle plan: You can buy the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra through Vodafone for as low as Rs. However, you will need to use a Vodafone SIM and buy a minimum 4G recharge of Rs 150 per month for three years.. Decent processor: The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra features a 1.3GHz quad-core processor placed upon Spreadtrum SC9832A chipset. Considering the price tag, a quad core processor seems like a great deal. It can handle usual applications without any trouble.. Low RAM: While it’s the duty of processor to manage speed of the device while performing a task, it’s the RAM which handles how many apps the smartphone can run simultaneously. The phone is equipped with a 512 MB RAM which is very low and the phone will start stuttering if you use multiple apps at once.. Underpowered battery: The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra comes with a 1,300mAh Li-ion battery which is poor for a 4G smartphone. For a smartphone user, a long battery backup is one of the most important things.. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is one of the most inexpensive devices to be equipped with the 4G connectivity. Although, it’s mediocre on other fronts but considering its price you can’t expect much. Despite having an average battery backup, the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is a worthy option at its price.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India. 3,449 .00. 2,870 .00. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India starts from. The lowest Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra price in India is. 2,870 at Amazon.in on 26 February, 2018. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is available in Black. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.3 GHz Quad Core 512 MB RAM 4 GB Storage 4" (10.16 cm) Display 1300 mAh Battery 2 MP Rear Camera 0.3 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Drops from 2,870. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Drops from 2,870. 120 x 63.6 x 10.1 mm. Handset, Battery, Charger, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Top Alternatives. Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 2 Plus. Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 2. Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Karbonn A40 Indian. Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 1. Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 4. Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 3. Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Intex Aqua A4. Micromax Mobiles Upcoming Micromax Mobiles Micromax Mobiles Between 5000 7000 Micromax Mobiles Under 6000 Micromax 4G Mobiles Micromax Keypad Mobiles Micromax Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Micromax 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
Jio Phone 4g Whatsapp & Booking online. Micromax Bharat 1 BSNL 4G Mobile Unlimited Data & Calls. Micromax Bharat 1 BSNL 4G Mobile Unlimited Data & Calls. Micromax Bharat 1 BSNL 4G Mobile Specification. Micromax Bharat 1 : Back to back exciting phone launched by the Micromax, but now BSNL also joins hand with Micromax to launch the one of the cheapest Smartphone Bharat-1 .BSNL has promised to provide free data to the buyers for several time periods.Another 4G LTE phone will attract the users with its several specifications. They provide budget phones which can be affordable by any buyer with lots of features.The company launched several Smartphone’s every year with the new specifications. It has become the India’s most trusted Smartphone Company in every state.. The Bharat 1 mobile will be available with the price of Rs 2299 which fulfills all the requirements of the user with its features.The purpose of the Micromax Company is to provide the Bharat 1 with the cheaper rate.All the phones that were launched by Micromax have exciting features with the acceptable cost.Every phone of Micromax consists of good look and lightweight phones. Also Check: Dual Selfie Camera Mobile at Rs 899. 1.The phone has a 2.40-inch display which consists of 240*320 pixels.. 2.The memory of Qualcomm Snapdragon with 512 MB RAM and 4GB of internal memory which cannot be expandable.. The primary camera consists of 2.4 megapixels with the 0.3 megapixels of Selfie camera.. 5.There are several connectivity options like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and also have 3G and 4G support.. In the recent time, more than 60% of the users have recommended this BSNL Bharat 1 .As compared to other Smartphone’s, it has maximum features that should be provided on the Bharat 1 phone .The love and support toward the Micromax have made him higher and now considered as of the best manufacturer of phones in India.. There are several colors options available for this Micromax Bharat 1 mobile including Black, White, Blue, and much more.Several sites are available online which provide the services of selling Smartphones.It can be easily available in the market with different models and different colors which attract the buyers most.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4G Mobile Vodafone Launch Priced at Rs 999. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra: Micromax has become one of the largest phone manufacturing companies.... Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4G Mobile Vodafone Launch Priced at Rs 999. Jio Phone 4G Does Support Whatsapp ?-India ka smartPhone. Jio Phone 4G Free Online Booking Registration at Rs 1500 Refund Deposit. Reliance Jio 4G Phone Tariffs and Recharge Plans. How to use Whatsapp on Jio Phone 4g Mobile. 
Today in New Delhi , India. Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata. Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi. Micromax, Vodafone launch ‘Bharat 2 Ultra’ phone at an effective price of Rs 999. The Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is officially priced at Rs 2,999, but with a Vodafone scheme customers can get the phone for an effective price of Rs 999. Updated: Oct 24, 2017 10:08 IST. The Micromax Bharat 2 smartphone (pictured above) was launched in April 2017.(Micromax ). Domestic handset maker Micromax on Monday launched Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone. The company has tied up with Vodafone to offer the smartphone at an effective price of Rs 999.. Customers, however, have to buy the smartphone for Rs 2,899 and have to recharge their new or existing Vodafone numbers with a minimum denomination of Rs 150 every month for three years. The buyer will get a cashback of Rs 900 at the end of 18 months and a cash back or Rs 1,000 after the next 18 months in Vodafone “M-Pesa” wallet, thereby making the effective price of the handset Rs 999.. “This partnership with Vodafone will bring in the next phase of smartphone adoption by helping consumers to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones,” said Rahul Sharma, co-founder, Micromax, in a statement.. “We want to give superior device experience in an affordable way and ‘Bharat’ range is a testimony of the same, having already sold more than two million handsets.”. The phone is powered by Spreadtrum SC9832 1.3Ghz quad-core processor coupled with 512MB RAM and 4GB internal storage. On the display front, the phone has a 4-inch WVGA screen. There is a 2MP rear camera and 0.3MP front-facing camera. The handset runs Android Marshmallow operating system (OS) and is powered by 1300mAh battery.. The smartphone will be available at stores and Vodafone stores from the first week of November.. 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. Want to clear the air with a loved one? Take a cue from this video. Micromax Bharat 1 first impressions: A worthy competitor to Reliance JioPhone. Top 5 value-for-money smartphones under Rs 10,000. India World Business Education Autos Real estate. Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune. Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid. Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch. Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication bridge school ht brand studio. Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs. No Marathi translation, Maharashtra Oppn boycotts governor’s budget session address. Holi festival in Mathura: NGT asks MP Hema Malini to clear debris on Yamuna flo.... Sanskrit invocation song at IIT Madras event attended by central ministers sparks.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Corruption and Siddaramaiah have become synonymous: Amit Shah. Shiv Sena to contest LS polls in Goa in alliance with Goa Suraksha Manch. Rs 20 lakh compensation for kin of engineer killed in accident in Gujarat. Map: Seven decades after independence, most Dalit farmers still landless. Union Budget 2018: Government cuts funding for 16 major schemes, including Swachh.... Union Budget 2018: What has the government done with the most important schemes?. Union Budget 2018: Test your skills as the finance minister. What every day in the Parliament looks like. Australian TV journalist slammed for sexist, ‘creepy’ interview with New Zealand.... Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy in a bid to save entertainment assets. 4 killed after blast destroys shop and home in English city of Leicester. Russian spies hacked Olympics computers, turned blame on N Korea: Report. Students and teachers brace for emotional return to Florida school. Palestinian on boat from Gaza killed by Israeli fire: Army. Gurgaon: Sector 10 govt hospital vandalised after patient denied treatment. Gurgaon: New road safety measures make driving safer on Golf Course Road. Technical problem at Kalyan disrupts local train services on Mumbai’s central l.... Hooda sounds poll bugle, promises ‘New Haryana’. WATCH: Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis sings, sways in video about Mumbai’s ri.... Budget session begins with row over governor’s address: Oppn walk outs, Fadnavis.... Turning 18 with HT: ‘Want to serve humanity and earn well too’. 5 issues that Fadnavis-led Maharashtra govt will have to deal with this budget .... Brace for rickety commute, union wants permission to use cars up to 5 years old.... Papon sexual assault row: The singer’s decision to use the child to defend himself is nauseating. Metro Matters: DDA must ask Delhi before deciding for it. The ‘conservation vs people’ approach to protecting wildlife has hit tribals ha.... Controversies during Trudeau visit must not affect the broader bilateral relati.... One stop centres, which provide support services to survivors of gender violence,.... Morne Morkel to retire from international cricket after Australia Test series. Neymar’s ankle in heavy strapping after PSG’s 3-0 win over Marseille. Ramkumar Ramanathan achieves career-best rank, Yuki Bhambri drops. Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Australian cricket team coach Darren Lehmann rejects Moeen Ali’s Test cricket f.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shikhar Dhawan make significant movement in ICC rankings. Indian Premier League helps shore up India’s death-overs bowling. Virat Kohli-led India presented with ICC Test Championship mace. Indian Premier League has turned me into a thinking bowler: Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Sridevi died from accidental drowning: Report. Naomi Campbell, Padma Lakshmi and Mahira Khan: International stars pay tribute to.... Roles like Mayil and Yavanarani will be hard to forget: A look at Sridevi’s rise.... Padmaavat: Versatility is very important for me, says Aditi Rao Hydari. ‘Sridevi treated make-up artistes, others like family’. #Travelbrag: Head to these gorgeous destinations for an Insta-worthy travel experience. Swinging times: Thais take to a new form of dancing with street parties. How a Czech schoolboy battled Asperger Syndrome to become a designer. In Vietnam, you can hire wedding guests, parents and even grooms and organise fake.... Keep calm and carry on: A little anxiety may boost your memory. ‘Modicare’ to cost govt Rs 1,100-1,200 per family every year. ‘Finance minister must clarify what cost yardstick will be used on MSPs’. Union Budget 2018: Kamal Haasan says govt was ‘indifferent’ towards middle class. Union Budget 2018: Gave small taxpayers relief in past, says Jaitley. Budget 2018: Investment advisers, analysts likely to face penalties of up to Rs.... As Xi Jinping consolidates power, Chinese stocks with ‘emperor’ in their names are shining. Analysis: Nirav Modi firms may not have financials to match PNB fraud magnitude. Sterlite Technologies bags Rs 3,500 crore project from Indian Navy. Upcoming IPO: Kalyan Jewellers to file draft papers in a month. Aster DM Healthcare makes weak stock market debut, shares fall over 4%. Data wars: Idea-Vodafone build war chest to take on rivals. Oil gains on disrupted Libyan exports, Saudi promise to put a stable end to cur.... 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. MWC 2018: Vivo APEX concept smartphone with world’s first half-screen fingerprint.... MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact smartphones and Xperia Ear Duo wireless.... BSNL partners Nokia to roll out 4G services. Apple could launch over-ear headphones this year: Ming-Chi Kuo. Smartphone makers with less than 10% market share is losing money: Huawei. Schools can’t withhold admit cards of board students: CBSE. IIT Kharagpur research scholar develops battery using sewage water. CBSE helpline gets queries on break-ups, memory loss, ill-treatment by parents. JNU entrance result 2018 declared, here’s how to check. Suspension of 22 IIT-Kanpur students over ragging set aside by Allahabad HC. Muscle power: Mumbai men compete in bodybuilding competition. Photos: In Nagaland, women rise to the fore in politics. Photos: At Rajasthan’s Deoli, CISF jawans train to secure Delhi.... Photos: Ancient beards and the faces of modern Jerusalem. NIA, IB on alert after Kashmiri student from AIIMS, Bhubaneswar goes missing. S9, 5G, AI and Internet of Things Hot at MWC 2018. South Africa vs India 2018: The tour through Virat Kohli’s eyes. ISL: FC Goa thrash FC Pune City to keep play-off hopes alive. Bengaluru FC beat Jamshedpur FC 2-0 in Indian Super League 2018. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones Micromax Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Brief Description Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specification. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Since this device is currently not available for purchase, please leave you email to be informed of it's price & availability in future.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price in India 999 /-. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra was launched in October 2017 & runs on Android 6.0 OS. The Smartphone provides a host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, 4G, Wifi Bluetooth capabilities. The phone is available with 4 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 1.3 GHz Quad core Spreadtrum SC9832 Processor. A 512 MB of RAM ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 4 GB of internal storage can be expanded via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a 1300 mAh battery to support it's 4 inch screen with an TFT display having a resolution of 480 x 800. The screen is also protected by a durable Scratch Resistant glass.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra comes with a 2 megapixel rear Camera and VGA front Camera.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price In India Starts From Rs. The price of Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra in India is Rs.999. This phone is available in 4 GB storage variants. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra is available in NA colours across India.. Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB.... Write a Review on Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Reliance Jio will launch a smartphone featuring Android Oreo (Go Edition) and MediaTek's MT 6739 Soc in 2018. Reliance Jio will soon launch a new smartphone running on Android Oreo (Go Edition). This was announced by TL Lee, Head of Mobiles at MediaTek at an.... Vodafone partners with Itel Mobile to offer Rs 2,100 cashback on ‘A20’ 4G smartphone. Vodafone has teamed up with Itel to launch a low-cost 4G smartphone, the Itel A20. The device costs Rs 3,690, however, Vodafone is offering a.... Micromax Bharat 5 Plus 4G smartphone with 5000mAh battery, 8MP rear camera quietly listed on company’s website. Micromax has quietly listed its upcoming Bharat 5 Plus smartphone on their website. It is the successor to the Bharat 5, which was launched on.... Other Popular Deals In Micromax Mobile Phones Popular. Micromax Bolt Q3001 Latest Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16.... Moto G5 Plus (32GB, Fine Gold). Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra comparison Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Celkon Star 4G Plus Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Intex Aqua A4 Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Lava Captain N1 Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Micromax X1i-2017 Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. M-tech G24 Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Chilli C10 Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Chilli K188 Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Karbonn K 105s Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Darago 3310 Compare Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs. Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32... 9999 /- Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) 10999 /- OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
News Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone launched, priced at Rs 999. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone launched, priced at Rs 999. The smartphone's offer price of Rs 999 can be availed only with a Vodafone connection.. Updated: October 24, 2017 12:43 PM IST. launching the Bharat 1 4G feature phone , Micromax has introduced the Bharat 2 Ultra. Launched in partnership with Vodafone , the Bharat 2 Ultra is priced at Rs 999, making it among the cheapest 4G smartphones in India. The smartphone will be available for purchase from November across stores in India.. The effective price of Rs 999 will be valid on purchasing this smartphone with a new or existing Vodafone. At first, you will have to pay Rs 2,899 for purchasing the Bharat 2 Ultra. After which, you need to recharge for at least Rs 150 every month for a duration of 36 months. The recharges can be done in parts but should amount to Rs 150 every month.. After 18 months is completed, you will receive cashback of Rs 900 which will transferred to your Vodafone M-Pesa wallet. After another 18 months, Rs 1,000 cashback will be returned the same way. So essentially, with the total cashback of Rs 1,900 received, you pay only Rs 999 for the Bharat 2 Ultra. Micromax Bharat 2 Plus, Bharat 3, and Bharat 4 announced: Specifications, features. The Bharat 2 Ultra features a 4-inch WVGA display. It is powered by a Spreadtrum SC9832 quad-core processor clocked at 1.3GHz. 512MB of RAM, and 4GB of internal storage. For photography, the Bharat 2 Ultra sports a 2-megapixel rear camera, and a VGA front camera. The smartphone also comes with a few camera features like scene, frame and burst modes. On the software front, the Bharat 2 Ultra runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box. It is fueled by a 1,300mAh battery. Micromax Bharat 3, Bharat 4 with Android 7.0 Nougat launched: Price, specifications. This is the sixth smartphone under the Bharat series launched by Micromax. The company says that the affordable Bharat series has so far achieved 2 million sales across the country. This isn’t the first partnership between Micromax and a telco. The Bharat 1 4G feature phone was launched in partnership with BSNL. It comes bundled with BSNL’s Rs 97 plan that offers unlimited calling hours, data, free roaming and SMS, with validity of one month. The Bharat 1 feature phone is priced at Rs 2,200, and is currently available for purchase across offline and online platforms. Micromax Bharat 1 vs Reliance JioPhone vs Airtel Karbonn A40 Indian: Price, specifications and tariff compared. माइक्रोमैक्स और वोडाफोन ने लॉन्च किया 4G स्मार्टफोन, इफेक्टिव कीमत है महज Rs. Published Date: October 24, 2017 12:10 PM IST. Updated Date: October 24, 2017 12:43 PM IST. Micromax Micromax Bharat 1 Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Vodafone. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact hands-on and first impressions. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. Micromax Micromax Bharat 1 Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Vodafone. Huawei unveils world's first 5G commercial modem. Vodafone RED postpaid plans revised to offer up to 50% more data. Vodafone to introduce Rs 799, Rs 549 data plans. Online smartphone shipment in India records 23% growth: Counterpoint. Indian smartphone vendors suffer as Chinese players gobble up share. Nokia 3 और इसके ऊपर के सभी स्मार्टफोंस ने ज्वाइन किया एंड्राइड One Program. Panasonic P100 स्मार्टफोन को स्नैपडील पर कैशबैक ऑफर के साथ किया पेश. नोकिया के सीईओ ने कहा, 5जी नेटवर्क के लिए दूरसंचार कंपनियों ने समयसीमा में की तेजी. MWC 2018: ZTE ने लॉन्च किये अपने ZTE Blade V9 और Blade V9 Vita स्मार्टफोन. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
CPU : Quad-core 1.3 GHz. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra - Specs. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 125 x 63.4 x 10.8 mm. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, LTE band 3(1800), 5(850), 40(2300). GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. Low-end configuration but at a reasonable price budget smartphone features Android 6.0. The overall review rating is based on review by our experts. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra - User Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Is the phone's specs is good at the price offered by the smartphone. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Panasonic P100 vs Xiaomi Redmi 5A. Xiaomi Mi 7 vs Huawei Honor V10. OnePlus 5 vs Xiaomi Mi 7. Xiaomi Mi 7 vs OnePlus 5 vs Huawei Honor V10. Xiaomi Redmi 5 vs Huawei Honor 7X. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus vs Xiaomi Redmi 5. H2S Media Copyright © 2018.. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Advantages (Factors To Decide Which Device You Should Buy). Features Present In Only One Device (Unique Features) More RAM Micromax Vdeo 2 1 GB Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 512 MB Has Flash For Camera Micromax Vdeo 2 No Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Yes Bigger Screen Micromax Vdeo 2 4.5 inches Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4 inches Supports VoLTE Micromax Vdeo 2 Yes Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra No Better Camera Resolution Micromax Vdeo 2 5 MP Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 2 MP More Storage Capacity Micromax Vdeo 2 8 GB Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4 GB Supports FM Radio Micromax Vdeo 2 Yes Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra No Bigger Battery Micromax Vdeo 2 1800 mAh Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 1300 mAh. General Sim Type GSM+GSM GSM+GSM Dual Sim Yes Yes Device Type Smartphone Smartphone Release Date November, 2017 Display Type Color Color TFT screen Touch Yes Yes, with Multitouch Size 4.5 inches, 480 x 854 pixels 4 inches, 480 x 800 pixels PPI ~ 218 PPI ~ 233 PPI Memory RAM 1 GB 512 MB Internal 8 GB inbuilt 4 GB inbuilt Card Slot Yes Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS Yes EDGE Yes 3G Yes Yes 4G Yes Yes VoLTE Yes (Supports Reliance Jio) Wifi Yes Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth Yes Yes, v4.0 USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 Camera Camera Yes, 5 MP Yes, 2 MP Dual Camera No No Flash No LED Front Camera Yes, 2 MP Yes, VGA (0.3 MP) Technical OS Android, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Android, v6.0 (Marshmallow) CPU 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 1.3 GHz, Quad Core, Spreadtrum SC9832A Processor GPU Mali-400 MP2 Multimedia FM Radio Yes Extra GPS Yes Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack Yes Yes Battery Size 1800 mAh, Li-ion Battery 1300 mAh, Li-ion Battery. Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Click here for a clean view of differences between these products.. Around 100% more RAM than Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. More RAM means more applications can run at the same time, which makes the device faster.. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light.. Around 12% bigger screen than Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Reading, browsing internet and watching movies is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen.. Micromax Vdeo 2 is VoLTE Enabled. You can use this to make calls over 4G network. It is compatible with Reliance Jio .. Around 150% more mega pixels (MP) than Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. More resolution generally means better picture quality, though it's not always necessary.. Around 100% more inbuilt memory than Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. More memory allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications.. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your device. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. Around 38% more Battery Capacity than Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. With more battery size, device's battery can generally last more time, though it depends on various other factors too.. Add Another Product Add Another Product. vs Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Vdeo 1 vs Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Bharat 2 Plus vs Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Spark Vdeo Q415 vs Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Vdeo 3. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Meizu M6 USB Driver and PC Suite. Vivo X20 Plus PC Suite and USB Driver. Vivo X20 USB Driver and PC Suite. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus USB Driver and PC Suite. Huawei Maimang 6 USB Driver and PC Suite. Micromax Selfie 3 USB Driver and PC Suite. Zopo Flash X2 USB Driver and PC Suite. Google Pixel 2 XL PC Suite and USB Driver. Google Pixel 2 USB Driver and PC Suite. Honor Holly 4 PC Suite and USB Driver. TechDiscussion Downloads Download Save Games, Patches, PC Suite, Software, Updates and many more…. Home > Smartphones > Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra PC Suite and USB Driver. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra PC Suite and USB Driver. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Micromax PC Suite Micromax USB Driver 2018-01-04. 1.3 GHz Quad-core Spreadtrum SC9832 processor. 4GB internal storage memory, Expandable up to 32GB using microSD card. 2 Megapixel rear camera with LED Flash. FM Radio with 3.5mm audio jack. 4G VoLTE, WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 and GPS. Vodafone and Micromax is partnership has launched the cheapest 4G VoLTE enabled phone called ‘Bharat 2 Ultra’. It is available in the market at just Rs. At just cheap price, of course the phone comes with entry level specifications. The new Bharat 2 Ultra is a Dual SIM phone running on Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS.. It sports a 4 inch WVGA display with 800 x 480 pixels resolution. Micromax is powering the phone with 1.3 GHz Quad-core Spreadtrum SC9832 processor accompanied by 512MB of RAM and just 4GB internal storage memory. However, you can expand the same using MicroSD card up to 32GB. Well, you can’t think of doing much on this phone except calling using VoLTE services.. Furthermore, Bharat 2 Ultra also offers us a 2 Megapixel rear camera with LED Flash along with a 0.3 Megapixel VGA front-facing camera for video calling and conferencing. We also get a FM Radio and 3.5mm audio jack for non-stop music. As per connectivity, as said, this is a 4G VoLTE phone also supporting other basic options such as WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 and GPS. Micromax is running the phone on 1300mAh battery.. To make the best out of such entry level smartphone, you must download some external tools such as PC Suite. It can be downloaded along with the latest Micromax USB Driver for your Bharat 2 Ultra from the below provided links in one click and that too for free. PC Suite is a Windows based client for your phone that keeps the phone apps and firmware updated to latest version for optimized performance. Backup and Restore the entire phone on computer with all the apps, Sd data, files, folders, settings, etc in a single file. If something goes wrong with the device, you can Restore it back anytime using this same file, without loosing even a single file. It also keeps all your videos, music and pictures synced between phone and computer so that you never loose any of your personal stuffs.. Micromax Bolt Supreme PC Suite and USB Driver. There are many more such important stuffs we can do using this tool, for example, you can share internet from your Micromax phone to PC or laptop instantly over USB, you can Sync contacts, bookmarks, notes, emails, calendar and other essential information from your phone to PC, to programs like MS Outlook, and with Clouds like Google, Yahoo, Micromax, etc instantly and safely. Similarly, USB driver is must for your Micromax phone because unless the PC finds proper drivers installed it will just not detect the phone at all. It is also must if you want to Root or test out any 3rd party Custom ROM on your Micromax phone.. Download Micromax PC Suite and Drivers from below:. Tagged with: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Micromax PC Suite Micromax USB Driver. Micromax Selfie 3 USB Driver and PC Suite. Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro USB Driver and PC Suite. Micromax Bharat 5 USB Driver and PC Suite. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. * Type Or Paste Password Here *. Meizu M6 USB Driver and PC Suite. Vivo X20 Plus PC Suite and USB Driver. Vivo X20 USB Driver and PC Suite. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus USB Driver and PC Suite. Huawei Maimang 6 USB Driver and PC Suite. Micromax Selfie 3 USB Driver and PC Suite. Zopo Flash X2 USB Driver and PC Suite. Google Pixel 2 XL PC Suite and USB Driver. Google Pixel 2 USB Driver and PC Suite. Honor Holly 4 PC Suite and USB Driver. Download Google Pixel 2 Launcher APK for all phones. Adobe Scan APK – Best Document Scanning App for Android and iOS. Download UberEATS APK – Order Foods Online. Download Google WiFi APK – Control Your Connectivity in Better Way. Upgrade Galaxy Grand 2 to Lollipop. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.3 GHz Processor 512 MB RAM, 4 GB inbuilt 1300 mAh Battery 4 inches, 480 x 800 px display 2 MP Rear + 0.3 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v6.0. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v6.0 1300 mAH Battery Display: Touch 4 inches 480 x 800 pixels Camera: 2 MP Flash VGA Front Camera Technical: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 512 MB RAM 4 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically).. Images, videos and text will not look very sharp. Low resolution camera will not take very sharp and clear photos. Small RAM has trouble in running more applications at the same time, which makes the phone little slower. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). Compass Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. You Can't Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Device Type: Smartphone Release Date: November, 2017 Display Type: Color TFT screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 4 inches, 480 x 800 pixels PPI: ~ 233 PPI Memory RAM: 512 MB Internal: 4 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 2 MP Dual Camera: No Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, VGA (0.3 MP) Technical OS: Android, v6.0 (Marshmallow) CPU: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core, Spreadtrum SC9832A Processor GPU: Mali-400 MP2 Battery Size: 1300 mAh, Li-ion Battery. No Expert reviews found for this mobile.. No reviews found for this mobile. Be the first to write a review.. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi 5A (3GB RAM + 32GB). vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 2 Q402 vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Vdeo 2 vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 2 Plus vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Jivi Revolution TnT3 vs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Micromax Bharat 1. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Reliance JioPhone: Specifications, pricing, 4G vouchers. Reliance JioPhone can only be used with a Reliance Jio SIM card. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra, on the other hand, works with SIM card from other telecom operators like Airtel, Jio, Idea, BSNL, etc, as well.. Technology Mobile & Tabs Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Reliance JioPhone: Specifications, pricing, 4G vouchers. In terms of specifications, the Bharat 2 Ultra, of course, is slightly superior as its has a 4-inch screen, 2MP rear camera, and more. (Representational image of Micromax Bharat 2). Reliance Jio has put out a condition which mandates JioPhone user to get a minimum recharge of Rs 1,500 per annum, every year for the period of three years to get a refund.. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |. Published: October 25, 2017 12:45 pm. BSNL to launch Rs 399 postpaid plan with unlimited calling. soon Idea counters Reliance Jio’s Football offer with Rs 2,000 cashback on new 4G. smartphones Jio vs Vodafone vs Airtel vs Idea: Top recharge plans under Rs. Following in the footsteps of Reliance Jio, Micromax and Vodafone have partnered to launch an affordable 4G smartphone that comes at an effective price of Rs 999. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra takes cues from Reliance JioPhone, which was launched by the company in July. Though JioPhone is essentially a feature phone, it packs several smartphone features like 4G VoLTE connectivity, a voice assistant, and support for apps like MyJio, JioMusic, JioCinema, etc that come pre-loaded on the device.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Reliance JioPhone effective price in India. In terms of specifications, the Bharat 2 Ultra, of course, is slightly superior as its has a 4-inch screen, 2MP rear camera, and more. Reliance JioPhone is effectively priced at Rs 0, while Bharat 2 Ultra’s effective pricing in India is Rs 999. However, people will have to pay Rs 1,500 for JioPhone, which is refundable after three years given they return the phone in a working condition.. JioPhone can only be used with a Reliance Jio SIM card. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra, on the other hand, works with SIM card from other telecom operators like Airtel, Jio, Idea, BSNL, etc, as well.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Reliance JioPhone refund conditions, recharge packs. The Bharat 2 Ultra is priced effectively at Rs 999 and in order to buy the phone, users will have to pay Rs 2,899 upfront. The company plans to refund Rs 1,900 after a period of three years only when users do a Vodafone recharge of Rs 150 or more per month for 36 months. This means, people will be eligible for refund only if they use Bharat 2 Ultra with a Vodafone SIM card for at least three years. In this case, there’s no need to return the phone.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra users will get Rs 900 after first 18 months, and another Rs 1,000 will be credited to their Vodafone M-Pesa wallets on completion of 36 months. Remember, Vodafone recharge of Rs 150 or more is mandatory in order to get refund.. Coming to Reliance Jio, the company has put out a condition which mandates JioPhone user to get a minimum recharge of Rs 1,500 per annum, every year for the period of three years to get a refund. JioPhone exclusive plans from the company include a Rs 153 recharge voucher that gives users 500MB 4G data per day for 28 days along with unlimited voice calls and SMS as well as Rs 24 and Rs 54 sachet packs. The Rs 24 and Rs 54 recharge plans offer the same benefits but with a day’s and a week’s validity respectively.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Reliance JioPhone specifications and features. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra features a 4-inch WVGA display, and it runs Android Marshmallow. Spreadtrum SC9832 processor, Bharat 2 Ultra comes with. 512MB RAM and 4GB internal storage. There’s a 2MP rear camera along with a 0.3MP front shooter. It is backed by a 1,300 mAh battery. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra supports social networking and chat apps like Facebook , WhatsApp, etc.. In comparison, Reliance JioPhone sports a. 2.4inch QVGA TFT display, and it runs Kai OS. The feature phone packs 1GHz Dual-core processor coupled with with 512MB RAM and 4GB ROM (expandable up to 128GB via a microSD card slot). This is a single SIM phone that supports a nano SIM card. It features a 2MP rear camera and a 0.3MP front camera. Reliance Jio JioPhone gets a 2000 mAh Li-ion battery.. Another notable feature of JioPhone is that it packs company’s voice-assistant Hello Jio – a rarity on feature phones. People can ask the virtual assistant to perform tasks like composing SMS, opening app, etc using voice commands.. JioPhone doesn’t support apps like Facebook and WhatsApp as of now.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra vs Reliance JioPhone availability. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra will be available starting November. Reliance Jio, on the other hand, has completed deliveries of its first batch of JioPhone units. The second round of pre-orders is expected to begin soon.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Vodafone’s Rs 158 recharge plan offers unlimited calling, 1GB data per day for 28. Reliance Jio offers Rs 2200 cashback on new smartphones: Here’s the full list of eligible. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: The actor died of accidental drowning, says forensic report 2 Encouraging the future geniuses: Easy science experiments to do with your kids 3 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock. Bihar hit-and-run case: FIR against BJP leader Manoj Baitha, RJD holds protest outside Assembly Delhi chief secretary assault case: Govt mulling live streaming of official meetings J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi died of accidental drowning: Forensic report Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Trending One leg or two? Viral photos of this model leave Twitterati puzzled Trending Video: Netizens debate if this ad showing a 'tough mother' is patriarchal or humane. LIVE UPDATES: Defence Minister was buying fish in Goa when PM inked Rafale deal, says Rahul Gandhi Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Bhaichung Bhutia resigns from Trinamool Congress membership Sports Ganguly was warned before Chappell appointment Sports R Ashwin to lead KXIP in IPL 2018 Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. One leg or two? Viral photos of this model leave Twitterati. puzzled Morne Morkel to retire from international cricket after Australia Test. series No specific goals, just staying fit is target, says Sameer. Verma Bangladesh court extends bail for Khaleda Zia until March 13 in corruption. case Sridevi died of accidental drowning: Forensic. GRP seizes 10 gold biscuits from Rajdhani passengers at Guwahati. Kashmir: Appointment of interlocutor won’t affect our operations, says Army Chief Gen Bipin. India vs New Zealand, 2nd ODI: India level series. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specs and Price. By: Odunayo Ezekiel | In: Mobile Phones | Last Updated: 24th February 2018. Micromax has been in the budget smartphones business for quite sometime now and it’s Bharat series of smartphones belongs to this category. The smartphone under the lens today is the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone. It is really an ultra model considering the extreme downgrade of the specs. I’m talking about an internal memory not up to a Gigabyte and an FWVGA display that is also quite small. In a nutshell, what this means is the smartphone will be very cheap or not which is what we about to find out.. Where to Buy Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Jumia Nigeria – See Offers | Jumia Kenya – See Offers. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Key Specs and Features. 4.0-inch, LCD capacitive touchscreen, 800 X 480 pixels (233 ppi). 4GB built-in storage, up to 32GB with a memory card. 2MP rear camera and 2MP front camera. Not to be an harbinger of bad review, but the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone’s design is not smart in anyway. The smartphone despite being a portable one still has big chunks of bezels above and especially below where it features offscreen capacitive touch navigation buttons.. There’s also a very much low grade display that comes with ultra low budget resolution. Besides being a small screen of about 4.0-inches, the. Micromax Bharat 2 Plus has a 480 X 800 pixel display.. Even down to the battery a small Li-ion battery of about 1, 300mAh capacity powers up the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone. Although the smartphone has low specs and a low display which would weigh less on the battery. Still what is featured here is somewhat on a low scale.. For taking pictures, you don’t have much of a camera to snap with. the rear side, there is a 2MP camera with flash which is way lower than what you have in some other budget smartphones. A 0.3MP camera if still used at all would be as a secondary camera in a dual camera setup, however, that’s what you have as the sole front camera on the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra.. For the hardware, Micromax features a meagre performing SoC from Spreadtrum. Albeit this is not new in this category of smartphones, it is still under-performing by today’s standards. Spreadtrum SC9832 from the days of yore running at 1.3GHz. In segue, the smartphone only has 512MB internal memory and a 4GB built-in storage. You could however expand the storage space up to 32GB using memory card.. Micromax Bharat 2 Plus also runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS from the box.. The Micromax Bharat 2 Plus is available for sale in various online stores and smartphone retail outlets. In India you could purchase the smartphone for Rs 999 by paying Rs 2, 899 as a security deposit and then you will be given a refund of Rs 1, 999 after 3 years provided you meet a requirement of at least Rs 150 recharge per month on Vodafone for that period. However it can be purchased for about 16, 000 Naira locally.. Dimension: 125 x 63.4 x 10.8 mm. Display: 4.0-inch, TFT LCD capacitive touchscreen, 480 X 800. Rear Camera Features: geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, phase detection autofocus,. Memory Card Support: Yes, up to 32GB. WLAN: Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/a. Motion Sensing / Gesture Control: –. Battery: 1, 300 mAh non removable Li-ion battery. Here are a few specs of the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra:. Paschal Okafor is NaijaTechGuide Team Lead. The article Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specs and Price was written by Odunayo Ezekiel. The article was last modified: February 24th, 2018. Posts Related to this Article on NaijaTechGuide. Micromax Bharat 5 Specs and Price. The Bharat line of smartphones, as the name would have suggested is a series. Micromax Bharat 5 Plus Specs and Price. Here comes the upgrade to the Micromax Bharat 5 smartphone with just a few months…. Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Specs and Price. Micromax is an Indian OEM that has been around for a while now, which means…. Previous Post Rapidly growing Internet Technology and Web Hosting Services. Next Post Micromax Dual 4 E4816 Specs and Price. I'm a prolific tech writer, gadget enthusiast, and electronic device geek. I have an absolute love for writing about devices ranging from phones, smartwatches, VRs, ARs, drones, fitness trackers to other wearables in general.. Week 8 Tech Roundup: Galaxy S9/ S9+ leaks again, 9Mobile preferred bidder revealed, new Xiaomi unit and so much more. Smart Launcher does a full revamp, launches v5 with a bang. Google planning to unveil Android 8 (Go Edition) and Android One phones at MWC 2018. Samsung restarts Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8/ S8+, includes hotfix for reboot issues. 9Mobile sale: Barclays declares Teleology Holdings the preferred bidder, could still lose spot to Smile Holdings. Want to write for us? Click Here. iPhone 8 Plus | Infinix Hot 5. Tecno Phantom 8 | Nokia 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 | Infinix Note 4. 6 Great 2-Burner Tabletop Gas Cookers for Better Cooking. LG V30S ThinQ Specs and Price. 7 Best Compact Washing Machine picks for Small Spaces. Micromax Dual 4 E4816 Specs and Price. NaijaTechGuide is the best blog for Technology News, Gadget Reviews , Specs, and Tips. The Blog also covers Online Services as well as Prices of Mobile Phones, Laptops, and other Gadgets. NaijaTechGuide is a leading Tech Blog in Nigeria with sizable audience in Kenya, Ghana, and India.. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Sitemap | © 2006 - 2018 Copyright Nigeria Technology Guide. 
أسعار المنتجات على سوق.كوم تشمل ضريبة القيمة المضافة التفاصيل. أحصل على شحن مجاني عند شرائك سلع تشحن من قبل سوق بقيمة 100.00 درهم او اكثر.. يمكنك ارجاع السلعة واسترداد المبلغ كاملاً في حال قمت بتغيير رأيك.. قم بالدفع نقداً لحظة استلام طلبك أينما كنت. الإمارات مصـر السعودية الكويت. احرص على شرائك لمتطلباتك اليومية ومستلزمات المنزل. اليوم 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. السنة 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. جميع الفئات Layer 1 سوبرماركت إلكترونيات الهواتف والتابلت الأطفال و الألعاب المنزل عطور ومستحضرات تجميل رياضة ولياقة السيارات الماركات المميزة الكتب. جديد النساء الرجال الاطفال الرياضة الساعات حقائب اليد نظارات المجموعات موضة عالمية علامات تجارية عصرية متجر متجر أمازون العالمي. النساء ملابس أحذية حقائب ساعات النظارات الشمسية والنظارات مجوهرات. الرجال ملابس أحذية حقائب وإكسسوارات ساعات يد النظارات الشمسية والنظارات. الرياضة الملابس الرياضية للرجال الأحذية الرياضية للرجال الملابس الرياضية للنساء المرأة الأحذية النظارات الشمسية والنظارات الاكسسوارات. ملابس فساتين جمبسوتس بلايز تي شيرتات جينز بناطيل ملابس رياضيه ملابس سباحه لانجيري ملابس نوم تنورات جواكت ومعاطف ملابس عرقيه وتقليديه. حقائب واكسسوارات توتو وهوبو حقائب بحزام طويل حقائب كلاتش وسهره حقائب الظهر محافظ نسائيه. أحذيه أحذيه رياضيه كاجوال وسنيكرز أحذيه كعب عالي ويدجز أحذيه فلات صنادل و شباشب ابوات تسوق الكل. ساعات ساعات أنيقه ساعات فخمه علب تنظيم الساعات أساور ساعات جلد أساور ساعات معدن مجوهرات سلاسل وعقود أقراط أساور أطقم مجوهرات تعليقات خواتم المجوهرات الثمينه. نظارات نظارات شمسيه اطارات البصريه العدسات اللاصقه أفياتور وايفراير كات اي كلوب ماستر. أفضل الماركات أالدو كال ات سبرنج جيس فوريفر 21 فيرو مودا اونلي ميس جايديد تي اف ان سي سكيتشرز بوما مايكل كورس تسوق الكل. ملابس قمصان بولو تيشرتات جينز بناطيل ملابس رياضية شورتات ملابس سباحة ملابس داخلية ملابس نوم جاكيتات ومعاطف وهوديس. حقائب وإكسسوارات حقائب ظهر محافظ رجالي حقائب كتف أحزمة رجالية كابات وقبعات أزرار قمصان مجوهرات. أحذية أحذية رياضية كاجوال وسنيكرز صنادل شباشب جزمات. نظارات نظارات شمسية الإطارات الطبية عدسات لاصقة أفياتور وايفراير دائرية بدون إطار. ساعات يد ساعات أنيقة ساعات فاخرة علب تنظيم الساعات أساور ساعات جلدية أساور ساعات معدنية. أفضل الماركات نيو بالانس بوما سكيتشرز فانس كونفيرس تيمبرلاند ألدو كول ات سبرينج جاك اند جونز جانت يو اس بولو اسن ليفايس تسوق الكل. نساء | أحذية رياضية البلايز والتيشيرتات البناطيل حمالات الصدر والسترات ملابس الركض ملابس التدريب تسوق الكل رجالي | أحذية رياضية الجري التدريب سوكر تسوق الكل. الملابس الرياضية للرجال البلايز والتيشيرتات البناطيل السترات الرياضية ملابس التدريب ملابس الركض تسوق الكل الملابس الرياضية للنساء الجري التدريب سوكر تسوق الكل. اهم الماركات سكتشيرز بوما نيو بالنس اندر ارمور اسيكس انتا كولومبيا كونفيرس. ملابس نسائية بيبي بوهو جيس اونلي فيرو مودا فور إيفر 21 ميسجايديد جلاموروس تي اف ان سي فوغ باريس تشي تشي لندن طوكيو لاندري بريتي سيكرت. احذية النساء نايك سكيتشرز ريبوك بوما الدو ناين ويست جيس كوتش ميسجايديد ترافيل شيليز لندن اي ام يو مايكل كورس. إكسسوارات نسائية توري بورش دي كيه ان واي فوسيل مارك من مارك جاكوب كينيث كول اكس او اكس او إسبريت قوتشي ناين ويست أكريبوس XXIV جست كفالي لورين من رالف لورين. ملابس رجالية يو اس بولو اسن جاك اند جونز تمبرلاند رالف لورين تومي هيلفجر سانتا مونيكا بولو كلوب برايف سول طوكيو لاندري بلفيلد جانت جيس ديزل هيوغو بوس. أحذية رجالية نايك تيمبرلاند ريبوك سكيتشرز بوما الدو جاك اند جونز موازنة جديدة كونفيرس فانس كول ات سبرينج اديداس اسيكس. إكسسوارات رجالية امبوريو ارماني اوكلي جيه بي دبليو تومي هيلفيغر فوسيل دانيل ويلينجتون بوما ديزل بولارويد تيسوت مايكل كورس تامي ليفايس. الأغذية والمشروبات الحليب و مشتقاته الجمال اللوازم المنزلية الاطفال عالم الحيوانات الاليفة. الافطار حبوب الإفطار قمح وجرانولا مربيات، طعام دهن وعسل الباستا والمعكرونة. الوجبات الخفيفة رقائق الشيبس والحلوى بسكويت المكسرات والبذور تمور الحلويات شوكولاته وحلويات. منتجات الطبخ حساء الارز والبقوليات التوابل والبهارات وجبات معلبة الاطعمة العضوية. المشروبات المياه العصائر صودا مشروبات الطاقة والرياضية الشاي القهوي حليب. العناية بالشعر صبغات الشعر علاج الشعر شامبو الشعر بلسم. العناية بالبشرة لوشن الجسم كريمات للوجه مقاوم للتقدم بالسن مناديل مبللة. العناية الشخصية الصابون وجل الاستحمام غسول فم فرشاة أسنان معجون أسنان مزيلات الروائح ومضادات التعرق نظافة أنثوية. منتجات غسيل الملابس مسحوق الغسيل منعمات الاقمشة سائل الغسيل مسحوق. مستلزمات التنظيف منظفات الاطباق منظفات الحمام منظفات متعددة الاستخدام معطرات الجو. المنتجات الورقية والبلاستكية اكياس قمامه مناديل الوجه مناديل مائدة للاستعمال مرة واحدة اكواب للاستعمال مرة واحدة. أجهزة كهربائية صغيرة خلاطات عصارات محضرات طعام مكانس كهربائية ماكينات اعداد القهوة استعرض جميع الأجهزة الكهربائية الكبيرة ثلاجات غسالات المواقد والافران مكيفات الهواء مايكرويف استعرض جميع. لاب توب ماك بوك أجهزة لاب توب للالعاب الكل في واحد | اجهزة الكمبيوتر المكتبي لاب توب 2 في 1 أقل من 1،999 درهم استعرض جميع التقنيات والاكسسوارات أقراص صلبة اجهزة الراوتر الطابعات شاشات كمبيوتر محركات يو اس بي استعرض جميع. تلفزيونات تلفزيونات ال اي دي، 4 كيه الترا اتش دي التلفزيونات الذكية أقل من 1،499 درهم 55" ال اي دي استعرض جميع الصوت والفيديو مكبرات الصوت المسرح المنزلي اجهزة العرض سماعات الرأس إكسسورات التلفزيون استعرض جميع. ألعاب الفيديو بلاي ستيشن 4 إكس بوكس ون نينتندو سويتش احدث الالعاب اكسسوارات اللعب استعرض جميع كاميرات اكشن كاميرا دي اس ال ار بوينت اند شوت العدسات و الفلاش إكسسوارات استعرض جميع. إكسسوارات سماعات الرأس الساعات الذكية شاحن محمول كوابل وشواحن متتبعات اللياقة البدنية استعرض الكل أغطيه وحاميات شاشات خاص بآيفون 8 خاص بسامسونج اس 8 أقل من 59 درهم خاص بجهاز شاومي خاص بجهاز آيفون 7 استعرض الكل. الأجهزه اللوحيه اي باد سامسونج مايكروسوفت سيرفس لينوفو انجوو استعرض الكل تسوق وفقاً للسعر بسعر اقل من 299 درهم من 300 الى 599 درهم من 600 الى 999 درهم من 1000 الى 1999 درهم أكثر من 2000 درهم استعرض الكل. موبايلات سامسونج أيفون ون بلس شاومي موتورولا سوني نوكيا هواوي اتش تي سي بلاك بيري أسوس هونور ال جي استعرض الكل. الازياء الدارجة سامسونج آيفون X ايفون 8 سامسونج نوت 8 اونر 9 لايت استعرض الكل فقط على سوق.كوم ون بلس 5 تي اسوس زينفون 2 ليزر موتورولا جي 5 بلس بلو فيفو 6 انفينكس اس 2 برو استعرض الكل. الاطفال والرضع الحفاظات طعام الاطفال الرضاعة مستلزمات الحمام والعناية بالبشرة سلامة وصحة الطفل العاب الاطفال ومحلقاتها مستلزمات الحضانة الملابس والاحذية والاكسسوارات تسوق في جميع فئات الاطفال والرضع دليل شراء. عربات الاطفال وملحقاتها عربات الاطفال مقاعد السيارة وكراسي الامان انظمة السفر الاسرة المحمولة والكراسي الهزازة والمراجيح انظمة مراقبة الطفل وبوابات السلامة والحماية مشايات الاطفال كراسي مرتفعة ملاعب الاطفال تسوق في جميع فئات عربات الاطفال وملحقاتها. العاب ودمى الاطفال الليجو والعاب البناء والتركيب الالعاب الالكترونية والعاب التحكم عن بعد العاب الشخصيات الفنون والاشغال اليدوية البطاقات والعاب الاحجيات والالغاز الالعاب تعليمية اللالعاب المحشوة الدمى ومنازل الدمى العاب التلبيس والالعاب التنكرية الواح اللعب لوازم الحفلات تسوق في جميع فئات العاب ودمى الاطفال. الرياضات والالعاب في الهواء الطلق ملاعب الاطفال والطاولات والزحاليق مجموعات الارجوحات والتسلق الترامبولين والملحقات احواض السباحة والالعاب المائية الدراجات والسكوترات والعاب الركوب العاب الشاطئ والرمال العاب المسدسات والقتال العاب القفز المنتفخة وبرك الكرات. ألعاب الفيديو بلاي ستيشن 4 إكس بوكس ون نينتندو سويتش احدث الالعاب اكسسوارات اللعب استعرض جميع. الاثاث غرف النوم غرف المعيشة المطبخ وغرفة الطعام المكتب المنزلي مستلزمات الترفيه المنزلي كراسي بين باج الديكورات ورق الجدران وملصقات التزيين الساعات الحائطية اللوحات والملصقات الشموع وحاملات الشموع الستائر والاغطية ديكورات الحدائق. المطبخ وسفرة الطعام ادوات الطبخ اواني الطعام ادوات الخبز ادوات المائدة الاواني الزجاجية وادوات الشرب اواني ومستلزمات تقديم الطعام الادوات المطبخية ادوات ومعدات ادوات القياس والتخطيط المعدات اليدوية ادوات الطاقة الاطقم والمعدات الكهربائيات. الانشطة الخارجية حقائب بعجلات اكسسوارات الحقائب و حزم الامتعة مستلزمات العناية بالحدائق لوازم التخييم الشوي والطبخ في الهواء الطلق انماط وديكورات المنزل أرائك، كنبايات و بوفات وحدات إنارة بُسط و سجاد مساند و وسائد للديكور ساعات أدوات الخياطة و اكسسواراتها اكسسوارات و عملات نقدية و طوابع. السرير البطانيات المحشوة واطقم اللحافات مفارش وملاءات السرير البطانيا والشراشف المخدات المراتب والفرشات لوازم الحمام المناشف الاحواض والمصارف والحنفيات المراحيض ولوازم التبول الحيوانات الاليفة طعام الحيوانات الاليفة مستلزمات الحيوانات الاليفة تسوق من جميع فئات الحيوانات الاليفة. العطور النساء الرجال وصل حديثا العطور العربية مجموعة هدايا العطور دليل شراء العطور العناية الصحية المكملات الغذائية الفيتامينات والمعادن الرياضة والتغذية اجهزة التوزين الشخصية اجهزة ضغط الدم الاجهزة الطبية الصغيرة. المكياج العيون الشفاه الوجه الاظافر الباليت والمجموعات الادوات والفرش العناية بالشعر مملسات الشعر مصففات ومجعدات الشعر مجففات الشعر الزيوت والسيروم وعلاجات الشعر الشعر المستعار اكسسوارات الشعر. العناية الشخصية مزيل الشعر للنساء العناية بالاسنان العناية بالبشرة ادوات والات التدليك مستلزمات النظافة الشخصية والاستحمام العناية بالجسم و التخسيس مستلزمات العناية بالرجال ماكينات حلاقة كهربائية الماكينات التشذيب ملاقط واجهزة نزع الشعر ادوات العناية باللحية والشارب علاج تساقط الشعر. صفحة العلامات التجارية مستحضرات التجميل الفاخرة لوريل باريس مايبيلين فيليبس براون اورال بي شول فيت. تمارين الكارديو اجهزة المشي دراجات التمرين اجهزة التجديف دواسات الايروبيك حبال التدريب اساور تتبع اللياقة البدنية اجهزة تمارين البطن جهاز الغزال الطائر الرياضي معدات المساج أزياء رياضية الاحذية الملابس الاكسسوارات. اجهزة القوى والاوزان الجيم المنزلي اثقال دمبل كرات ميديسن للتدريب كرات الوزن والاثقال مقاعد متعددة الوظائف اليوغا قفازات الجيم كرة الصالة الرياضية أحزمة الجيم. الهواء الطلق الغولف التزلج الرياضات المائية ركوب الدراجات الجري الرياضات الخارجية الرياضات الخارجية خيم اكسسوارات تخييم اضواء التخييم فراش للتخييم. الرياضات الجماعية كرة القدم الكرة الطائرة كرة السلة التنس كريكيت رياضة الاسكواش تنس الطاولة تنس الريشة الرياضات الترفيهية والألعاب لعبة البلياردو صيد السمك ألعاب. افضل الماركات إيفر لاست بودي سكلبتشر نايك اديداس يونيكس توب سكاي لاند ويلسون اكوا سفير واتر راوار مارشال فيتنيس نورديك تراك لايف توب تي ايه سبورت. منتجات العناية بالسيارة معطر سيارات غطاء سيارة ادوات تنظيف السيارة ملمع مكانس كهربائية سوائل و زيوت المركبات الوسائط المتعددة للسيارة فيديو سيارات أنظمة صوت سيارات اكسسورات سيارات صوتية و مرئية مكبرات اطقم بلوتوث للسيارة نظام كاميرا السيارة. اجهزة تحديد المواقع الجغرافية أجهزة ملاحة متنقل ان داش المحمول اكسسورات أجهزة تحديد المواقع أجهزة إستقبال تحديد المواقع ادوات وقطع السيارات قطع غيار للسيارات اجهزة فحص اعطال السيارة اضوية فلاتر الهواء للسيارة ادوات صيانة ادوات تنظيف السيارة. اكسسوارت السيارة الاكسسوارات الداخلية الاكسسوارات الخارجية مفاتيح و علاقات المفاتيح الاطارات والعجلات منتجات العناية بالسيارة دواليب وعجلات قطع دراجات. الماركات المفضله جارمن سوني كلايتون بوشمان جيه في سي جيه بي ال تورتل واكس تاسوتي ارمور اول جبرا كينوود. (مشمولة في الشحن المجاني ). بلاك بيري باسبورت - سعة 32 جيجا، 3 جيجا رام، الجيل الرابع ال تي اي، اسود. كاميرا ثانية : كاميرا أمامية 2 ميجابيكسل. اتش تي سي ون M9 - 32 جيجا, الجيل الرابع ال تي اي, ذهبي/فضي. كاميرا ثانية : نعم , 4 ميجابيكسل. ال جي جي فليكس 2 - 32 جيجا, الجيل الرابع ال تي اي, فضي. كاميرا ثانية : نعم , 2.1 ميجابيكسل. على طلبات أكثر من 100.00 درهم. أطلب الآن، قطعة متوفرة فقط!. لديك إستفسار او مشكلة؟ نحن هنا للمساعدة. الأكثر بحثا الجمعة البيضاء سامسونج جالكسي اس 9 سامسونج ابل ايفون سوق فاشن سوق سوبرماركت امازون بيسيكس المنزل والمطبخ الرياضات واللياقة الأطفال و الألعاب. حـسـابـي دخول / تسـجـيل عربة التسوق مشترياتي عناويني القوائم المفضلة إعدادات الحساب حركات الحساب الملكية الفكرية اصحاب العلامة التجارية وحقوق النشر البائعين. البيع على سوق.كوم إبدأ البيع كيفية البيع سياسة البيع شروط وأحكام البائع تشحن من قبل سوق الاسئلة الشائعة الشراء على سوق.كوم كيفية الشراء خدمات التقسيط الميسرة سياسة إرجاع السلع أعلن معنا مساعدة. حول الموقع المركز الإعلامي وظائـف خصوصية سوق.كوم اتفاقية استخدام الموقع برنامج التسويق بالعمولة خدمات هيلب بت. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Micromax, Vodafone launch Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone at effective price of Rs. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone users will have to do Vodafone recharge of at least Rs 150 per month for 36 months, after which they'll be eligible to get Rs 1,900 cash back.. Technology Mobile & Tabs Micromax, Vodafone launch Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone at effective price of Rs. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone users will have do Vodafone recharge of at least Rs 150 per month for 36 months, after which they’ll be eligible to get Rs 1,900 cash back. (representational image of Micromax Bharat 1). By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |. Updated: October 25, 2017 9:16 am. Jio vs Vodafone vs Airtel vs Idea: Top recharge plans under Rs. 200 Vodafone’s Rs 158 recharge plan offers unlimited calling, 1GB data per day for 28. days Vodafone VoLTE service live in four cities: List of compatible devices, how to. Micromax and Vodafone have partnered to launched Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone at an effective price of Rs 999. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra will be available starting November. Under this partnership, Bharat 2 Ultra will be up for grabs at Rs 2,899, and users will get a cash back of Rs 1,900 at the end of 36 months or three years.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone users will have do Vodafone recharge of at least Rs 150 per month for 36 months, after which they’ll be eligible to get Rs 1,900 cash back. According to the company, Rs 900 will be credited to user’s. Vodafone M-Pesa wallet after completion of the first 18 months. Users will get the rest Rs 1,000 on completion of another 18 months. Remember, recharge of a minimum of Rs 150 per month is a must.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra follows company’s Bharat 1 4G VoLTE feature, which was launched in partnership with BSNL at Rs 2,200. In terms of specifications, Bharat 1 is similar to Reliance Jio JioPhone, which is also a 4G VoLTE feature phone.. Bharat 1 comes bundled with the Bharat Interface for Money (BHIM) mobile app pre-loaded on the device along with a suite of services from BSNL and an option to watch live TV on the phone. BSNL says users will get unlimited call and internet services at Rs 97 per month.. BSNL, Micromax launch Bharat 1 4G VoLTE feature phone in India at Rs 2,200. “The Bharat-Series, has been aimed for acquisition of the first generation smartphone users. This partnership with Vodafone will help bring in the next phase of smartphone adoption by hand-holding consumers to upgrade them from feature phones to smartphones. We believe that greater device affordability and low cost data packs will drive increased smartphone adoption, as there is still a huge gap. At Micromax we want to give superior device experience in an affordable way and Bharat range is a testimony of the same, having already sold more than 2 million handsets,”. “We are delighted to partner with Micromax to democratize the 4G smart phones at a never before price of under Rs 999. This will help fulfill the aspirations of several million phone users across the country who desire a smart phone but couldn’t afford one. It will also encourage current non users of 4G to upgrade and enjoy a richer user experience with Vodafone SuperNet 4G,”. Avneesh Khosla, Associate Director – Consumer Business, Vodafone India said.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Vodafone RED plans revised to offer 10GB more data: 20GB at Rs 399, 30GB at Rs. Jio tops chart with peak 4G speed of 25.6 mbps in Nov:. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: The actor died of accidental drowning, says forensic report 2 Encouraging the future geniuses: Easy science experiments to do with your kids 3 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock. Bihar hit-and-run case: FIR against BJP leader Manoj Baitha, RJD holds protest outside Assembly Delhi chief secretary assault case: Govt mulling live streaming of official meetings J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi died of accidental drowning: Forensic report Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Trending One leg or two? Viral photos of this model leave Twitterati puzzled Trending Video: Netizens debate if this ad showing a 'tough mother' is patriarchal or humane. LIVE UPDATES: Defence Minister was buying fish in Goa when PM inked Rafale deal, says Rahul Gandhi Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Bhaichung Bhutia resigns from Trinamool Congress membership Sports Ganguly was warned before Chappell appointment Sports R Ashwin to lead KXIP in IPL 2018 Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. One leg or two? Viral photos of this model leave Twitterati. puzzled Morne Morkel to retire from international cricket after Australia Test. series No specific goals, just staying fit is target, says Sameer. Verma Bangladesh court extends bail for Khaleda Zia until March 13 in corruption. case Sridevi died of accidental drowning: Forensic. Major fire at hosiery unit in. WWE Raw Results: Smackdown brings Raw down – literally; Brock Lesnar accepts Jinder Mahal’s. Prakash Javadekar’s mother passes away at. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Shop and get Rs.50 cashback on purchase of 250 & above. Review a Mobile Phone & Win Rs 1000 Amazon Gift Card. Register to play every wednesday at 4 PM.. Connect with your social account for easy signup and faster login.. Sign up now and get a welcome bonus of 50 dimes!. Join thousands of savvy shoppers who share the best deals, discount coupons & online shopping tips. I wish to subscribe to daily deal alerts via email.. No worries, give ur email we will send you a recovery link.. posted by real people like you. Vote on deals, write your opinion and. save money by using the latest deals and. offers by other shoppers in community.. Found a great offer? Let everyone know. by sharing it with other members of the. community and earn 1 dime for every deal. Create your customized alerts for your favourite product and be assured for the best deals at the right time. mY dEaLs sabse sasti & best. / Forums / Hot Deals Online / Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Disclaimer: DesiDime.com does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or products available at these sites, nor does a link indicate any association with or endorsement by the linked site to DesiDime.com.. No paid Advertisement or promoted deals as Front Page Deals(FPD). 
Current News In Nigeria Today – Nigeria News Today Headlines. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specs and Price. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Key Specs and Features. 4.0-inch, LCD capacitive touchscreen, 800 X 480 pixels (233 ppi). 4GB built-in storage, up to 32GB with a memory card. 2MP rear camera and 2MP front camera. Micromax has been in the budget smartphones business for quite sometime now and it’s Bharat series of smartphones belongs to this category. The smartphone under the lens today is the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone. It is really an ultra model considering the extreme downgrade of the specs. I’m talking about an internal memory not up to a Gigabyte and an FWVGA display that is also quite small. In a nutshell, what this means is the smartphone will be very cheap or not which is what we about to find out.. Where to Buy Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra. Jumia Nigeria – See Offers | Jumia Kenya – See Offers. Not to be an harbinger of bad review, but the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone’s design is not smart in anyway. The smartphone despite being a portable one still has big chunks of bezels above and especially below where it features offscreen capacitive touch navigation buttons.. There’s also a very much low grade display that comes with ultra low budget resolution. Besides being a small screen of about 4.0-inches, the smartphone has a 480 X 800 pixel display.. Even down to the battery a small Li-ion battery of about 1, 300mAh capacity powers up the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra smartphone. Although the smartphone has low specs and a low display which would weigh less on the battery. Still what is featured here is somewhat on a low scale.. For taking pictures, you don’t have much of a camera to snap with. the rear side, there is a 2MP camera with flash which is way lower than what you have in some other budget smartphones. A 0.3MP camera if still used at all would be as a secondary camera in a dual camera setup, however, that’s what you have as the sole front camera on the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra.. For the hardware, Micromax features a meagre performing SoC from Spreadtrum. Albeit this is not new in this category of smartphones, it is still under-performing by today’s standards. Spreadtrum SC9832 from the days of yore running at 1.3GHz. In segue, the smartphone only has 512MB internal memory and a 4GB built-in storage. You could however expand the storage space up to 32GB using memory card. It also runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS from the box.. The Micromax Bharat 2 Plus is available for sale in various online stores and smartphone retail outlets. In India you could purchase the smartphone for Rs 999 by paying Rs 2, 899 as a security deposit and then you will be given a refund of Rs 1, 999 after 3 years provided you meet a requirement of at least Rs 150 recharge per month on Vodafone for that period. However it can be purchased for about 16, 000 naira locally.. Dimension: 125 x 63.4 x 10.8 mm. Display: 4.0-inch, TFT LCD capacitive touchscreen, 480 X 800. Rear Camera Features: geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, phase detection autofocus,. Memory Card Support: Yes, up to 32GB. WLAN: Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/a. Motion Sensing / Gesture Control: –. Battery: 1, 300mAh non removable Li-ion battery. Here are a few specs of the Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra:. The post Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specs and Price appeared first on Nigeria Technology Guide .. Related News Wiko Lenny 4 Plus Specs and Price Micromax Bharat 5 Plus Specs and Price Wiko Robby 2 Specs and Price Micromax Bharat 5 Specs and Price Leagoo T5c Specs and Price Leagoo M7 Specs and Price Leagoo S8 Specs and Prices Blackview A7 Specs and Price Micromax Dual 4 E4816 Specs and Price Gionee F6 Specs and Price Elephone P8 Mini Specs and Price Cubot X18 Plus Specs and Price. There are no comments at the moment, do you want to add one?. © 2017 Copyright Legatus theme. This may take a second or two.. 
Now Trending: LUN Coin (Lunyr) Price P... Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Vodafone 4G Phone @ Rs.999 Online Booking, Store. | | Launch Date | 1 Comment. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Vodafone 4G Phone Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Price In India Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Booking At Store Visit Nearest Micromax Retail Store or Vodafone Store You can make Official entry by paying token amount At end of November You can Phone by Paying Rs.2,899 Then after 36 Month you will receive Rs.1900 cashback Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Online Booking Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Specifications. Micromax shake hands with Telecom Company Vodafone to launching cheapest 4G Smartphone Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra which cost Rs.999 to compute with JIO Phone and Airtel 4G Phone which cost 1500 and 1399 so as we compare this two Phone with Micromax owned Bharat series and after launching Bharat 2 Ultra this phone become cheapest Smartphone of India so again battle will begins as main moto of launching this cheapest smartphone to increase number of customer of network as after JIO company launched many telecom company closed and many of them losing customer so only company Newsday survive and has more number of customer are Idea, Reliance JIO, Airtel, Vodafone and in this list Idea not yet launched cheap Smartphone but as per sources IDEA will be uniting with ZTE and expected to Launch 4G Phone soon in Indian Market.. Vodafone enter into Telecom Phone competition with. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Phone expected to Launching end of November this year customer can buy This Phone Online via Booking or walk In nearest local micromax Store in November as manufacture of Vodafone device is already started as considering huge response to JIO Phone with 5 million Booking on First sale Vodafone also wanted to satisfy customer because many Booking of JIO Phone not yet shipped so customer start losing trust on JIO company so After Airtel 4G Phone not offering Phone via Online Booking in which customer need to Buy this Phone from Local Store.. MRP: Rs 2,899 (You Need Pay this Amount to Buy this Phone). Cashback Amount: Rs.1000 (Received After 18 Month of Buy Date). Cashback Amount: Rs.900 (Received After 36 Month of Buy Date). To avail this cashback customer need to recharge at least Rs.150 every month and in this recharge customer will get 1GB 4G Data and Unlimited Voice call and customer don’t need to Return to get cashback so this Phone Final Price is Rs.999 only which greatest deal of time beating Airtel 4G Phone because Airtel Phone cost Rs.1399. There is no official announcement on Online booking if they starts online booking for Micromax Bharat 2 then it will be on Vodafone official Indian Website. In which customer need to sign up on portal following full name, mobile number, email address, Address and token amount then you will get confirmation message.. Screen size: 10.16 cm (4) WVGA. Alert types: Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones. 22 indian offical languages: Assamese, Bengali, Bodo, Dogri , Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Konkani, Maithili,. Malayalam, Manipuri, Marathi, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Santhali, Sindhi, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu. Music Player: MP3, AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, AMR, WB-AMR, MIDI, OGG. Video Player: 720p, MPEG4, h.263, h.264. Box Contents : Handset, Removable Battery, Charger Adaptor,. Tags: Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra , Vodafone 4G Phone. {Diwali}* JIO Phone 1500 Online Pre-Booking Restart, Delivery Date {Rs.1500}* JIO Phone Online/ Offline Booking, Delivery, Shipping, Launching Date JIO Phone Online Booking Paused | When Will Restart / Resume Pre-Booking? iPhone SE 2 Price, Launch Date in UK, USA ,Canada, UAE, Dubai. cryptocurrency Expert for Prediction, Analysis, comparison. Shib December 19, 2017 Reply. Add a Comment Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Recent Posts LUN Coin (Lunyr) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, Forecast Future Rate in USD Bankera (BNK Coin) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, Forecast, Buy/Exchange Petro Coin (PTR) ICO Price, Cryptocurrency, Wallet, How to Buy, Prediction, Wiki Dragon Chain (DRGN Coin) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | Future Forecast Polymath Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | POLY Coin Token Forecast ZIL Coin (Zilliqa) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | Zilliqa Forecast Future Radix Coin Price, Cryptocurrency, How to Buy, Prediction, RAD Wallet, Wiki Litecoin Cash (LCC Coin) Price Prediction, Wallet, How to Buy/Exchange, Wiki. TNT Coin (Tierion) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | TNT Forecast Future BLZ Coin (Bluzelle) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | BLZ Forecast Future Check Live Price Categories Cryptocurrency JIO Phone Launch Date Pro Wrestling Smartphone Tips & Tricks. LUN Coin (Lunyr) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, Forecast Future Rate in USD. Bankera (BNK Coin) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, Forecast, Buy/Exchange. Petro Coin (PTR) ICO Price, Cryptocurrency, Wallet, How to Buy, Prediction, Wiki. Dragon Chain (DRGN Coin) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | Future Forecast. Polymath Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | POLY Coin Token Forecast. ZIL Coin (Zilliqa) Price Prediction 2018, 2020, 2025 | Zilliqa Forecast Future. Copyright © 2018 Cryptocurrency .. We just provide prediction which is not 100% true it's just set according to previous year's performance of cryptocurrency and investing in cryptocurrency is not legal in any country so invest at your own risk and we do not give any suggestions or advices about investment. For more info read our disclaimer page. 
Shah Rukh Khan Narendra Modi Lenovo Virat Kohli Shahid Kapoor. Celebs pay condolence on Sridevi's death. 7 things that Sridevi was fond of. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone launched: Check out its features and specifications. Last updated on - Oct 24, 2017. Ad will auto hide after 5 OR Skip Ad after 5 seconds. Micromax launches Bharat 2 Ultra 4G smartphone in partnership with Vodafone. Bharat 2 Ultra with Vodafone SuperNet 4G connection will be available at an effective price of Rs 999. You have to pay Rs 2,899 for purchasing the smartphone , after which you need to recharge for at least Rs 150 every month for a duration of 36 months. The customers will receive the cash back of Rs 900 which will be transferred to their Vodafone M-Pesa wallet after 18 months. After another 18 months, Rs 1,000 cashback will be returned the same way.. Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra features a 4-inch WVGA display. The smartphone is powered by a Spreadtrum SC9832 quad-core processor clocked at 1.3GHz paired with 512MB of RAM. The device offers 4GB internal storage.. News in Pics- 21 February 2018. News in pics- 19 February 2018. Batti Gul Meter Chalu first look pictures. Couples to adore this V Day. Inside pics of Yash and Roohi Johar's b'day bash. 21 Gun Vintage Car Rally 2018. Ek Ladki Ko Dekha To Aisa Laga first look pics. Top SUVs to be launched in 2018. Best Rom Coms to watch on Valentine's Day. HP launhced devices ahead of MWC. Canadian PM Justin Trudeau's India visit. Inside pics of Randhir Kapoor's b'day bash. Most romantic songs for Vaentine's Day. Shoaib and Dipika to tie knot. News in Pics- 20 February 2018. Celebs at Anaita Adjani's son's ceremony. News in Pics- 14 February 2018. Uttaran actor Gaurav Chopra gets hitched. Imran Khan marries for the third time. News in Pics- 15 February 2018. Honor 7X Valentine’s Day edition launched. HP launhced devices ahead of MWC. Honor 7X Valentine’s Day edition launched. Advertise With Us | About Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Author Profiles. 
Home › Micromax › Bharat 2 Ultra Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Micromax Bharat 2 Ultra Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Write a review. Dimensions : 63.4 x 125 x 10.8 mm SoC : Spreadtrum SC9832 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 512 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 512 MB Storage : 4 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 1600 x 1200 pixels, 640 x 480 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Micromax Model Bharat 2 Ultra Model alias Bharat2 Ultra Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 63.4 mm (millimeters) 6.34 cm (centimeters) 0.21 ft (feet) 2.5 in (inches) Height 125 mm (millimeters) 12.5 cm (centimeters) 0.41 ft (feet) 4.92 in (inches) Thickness 10.8 mm (millimeters) 1.08 cm (centimeters) 0.04 ft (feet) 0.43 in (inches) Volume 85.59 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.2 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gold Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz W-CDMA W-CDMA 900 MHz W-CDMA 2100 MHz LTE LTE 850 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Spreadtrum SC9832 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 512 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 512 MB (megabytes) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 4 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 4 in (inches) 101.6 mm (millimeters) 10.16 cm (centimeters) Width 2.06 in (inches) 52.27 mm (millimeters) 5.23 cm (centimeters) Height 3.43 in (inches) 87.12 mm (millimeters) 8.71 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.667:1 5:3 Resolution 480 x 800 pixels Pixel density 233 ppi (pixels per inch) 91 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 57.65 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Image resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) M4A (MPEG-4 Audio, .m4a) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VP8 VP9 Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 1300 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. W-CDMA (Wideband Code Division Multiple Access) is an air interface used by 3G mobile networks. It is one of the three different UMTS interfaces together with the TD-SCDMA and the TD-CDMA. The standard provides faster data transfer speeds and allows more users to connect to the network simultaneously.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 63.4 x 125 x 10.8 mm SoC : Spreadtrum SC9832 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 512 MHz RAM : 512 MB Storage : 4 GB Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 1600 x 1200 pixels, 640 x 480 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
