GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 157.9 x 81.5 x 9 mm (6.22 x 3.21 x 0.35 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.7 inches, 88.9 cm 2 (~69.1% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~259 ppi density). Microsoft Windows Phone 8.1, upgradable to Microsoft Windows 10. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP (f/2.0, 28mm, 1/3"), Carl Zeiss optics, autofocus, LED flash. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - OneDrive (30 GB cloud storage). Up to 888 h (2G) / Up to 888 h (3G). Up to 30 h 20 min (2G) / Up to 24 h (3G). Matte cyan, Orange, Black, Matte white, Glossy white. Contrast ratio: 1119:1 (nominal), 3.065 (sunlight). Voice 72dB / Noise 67dB / Ring 73dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - user opinions and reviews. Hi my viber not ringing, what need to be done please ?. I can't download apps through stores. when I go through store with data that there sowing command, (SOMETHING BAD UNKNOWN LAYOUT SPECIFIED) command is appearing. My PC cannot read my phone , can someone help with some ideas.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE reviews. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM review. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 650 Nokia Lumia 1320 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Apple iPhone 6 Plus Nokia Lumia 830. Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Lumia 640 XL LTE review:. Big-screen features for a small-screen price. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE (matte white). Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE (matte black). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE has a bright 5.7-inch screen, works on LTE networks, and has an impressive rear camera and long-lasting battery life.. The Bad The 720p resolution makes for a lower pixel density than you may want. The processor is a little under-specced for power-users, and the plastic casing can't match the premium feel of some phones.. The Bottom Line It's no flagship, but the Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE offers a solid big-screen experience at a budget price point that's hard to beat.. Design 157.9 x 81.5 x 9mm (6.22 x 3.21 x 0.35 inches) 171g (6.3 oz.). Display 5.7-inch IPS screen 1,280 x 720 pixels 259 pixels per square inch The Lumia 640 XL LTE vs. Software and performance Windows Phone using the Denim Update 1.2GHz Snapdragon 400 processor 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage MicroSD slot supports up to 128GB Diagnostic LTE tests in San Francisco using Speedtest.net. If you're after a budget smartphone, then the biggest compromise you'll probably have to make is on the camera -- it's just not cost-effective to get the required lens in a cheaper phone. Luckily, Microsoft has found a way to put a quality camera in its newest big-screen phone without sticking on a big price mark-up.. Microsoft Devices' Lumia 640 XL LTE is the souped-up version of the company's 5-inch Lumia 640. The XL ups the screen size to 5.7-inches and adds 4G connectivity, while popping a significantly bigger 13-megapixel camera on the rear, a 5-megapixel one on the front and a 3,000mAh battery inside. Even better, it does all this while maintaining a respectably low price: just $240, £219 in the UK and AU$399 in Australia.. My colleague Andrew Hoyle was quite effusive about the smaller Lumia 640 , calling it "everything you'd hope for from a budget phone." But, bearing in mind the XL has the exact same processor, storage and RAM as the smaller model, are these additions worth the extra cost?. A quick note: there are a couple of different variants of the Lumia 640 XL available, including a dual-SIM model and one without the LTE offering. The model reviewed here is a version with a single SIM slot and an LTE 4G modem.. In an ocean of black handsets, the Lumia 640 XL stands out like some sort of exotic fish. Yes, you can still get it in black or white, but the blue -- wait, make that "cyan" -- review unit that I had in the office was actually quite refreshing.. Even better, the casing on the 640 XL is a matte finish, unlike the gloss on its smaller sibling. I've never been a fan of a piano-finish as they seem designed purely to collect fingerprints, so the XL gets extra points just for that.. The case, like much of the Lumia range, simply pops off to allow access to the SIM and MicroSD slots, so it can be replaced or even swapped back and forth as your mood takes you.. Compared to all-metal designs like the HTC One M9 or the glass backs of the Xperia Z3 and Galaxy S6, the Lumia does feel a little plastic and toylike, but it's actually a solidly made device. It feels good to use, and the matte casing adds a small amount of texture for less chance of slippage.. The 640 XL measures 157.9 x 81.5 x 9mm (6.22 x 3.21 x 0.35 inches) and tips the scales at 171g (6.3 oz.). That makes it about 5g lighter and slightly larger than the Samsung Galaxy Note 4, which has the same screen size.. So while it doesn't match the premium feel of those flagships, it's not really trying to -- and it also isn't matching their premium prices either. For the cost of one 32GB Galaxy S6 Edge, you can get nearly three Lumia 640 XLs.. The XL also features something that some phones are lacking these days: a microSD slot. Like the 5-inch 640, you'll be needing to make use of it. The XL has the same rather basic 8GB of internal storage.. The 5.7-inch IPS screen on the XL might be bigger than the base 640, but it has the exact same resolution of 1,280x720 pixels. This means the XL actually has a lower pixel density than its smaller cousin -- 259ppi versus 294ppi. (For some more context, the 1,440x2,560-pixel Galaxy S6 has around 577 ppi.). Depending on how good your eyesight is, this might be a sticking point. As a nearsighted glasses-wearer, I didn't see any problem with the XL. Yes, it's noticeably not as crisp as some of the super-high-res displays out there, but I was very content watching streaming video from the Windows Phone Netflix app and had no issue with Web browsing or viewing photos.. The colours are rich and bright, and the phone has good contrast, which is arguably a little more important in a smartphone display. According to Microsoft, the 640 XL also has "sunlight readability enhancements," and they're certainly working. On a glare-heavy Sydney autumn day, the XL was easy to read while trooping around outdoors.. The 640 XL is running the same version of Windows Phone 8.1 as the 5-inch 640, with all the same benefits and disadvantages. It's also packing the exact same processor and memory, a 1.2GHz Snapdragon 400 and 1GB of RAM. You can read the performance section of the Lumia 640 review for a full rundown.. Essentially, the XL offers a smooth experience when it comes to basic use and, while that processor isn't going to set any speed records, the only time it's noticeably slow is when the phone is a booting up. It takes around 25 seconds from pressing the power button to when you can start using your Lumia.. As someone who's been reviewing Windows-based phones for a few years now, I will say that the Windows App Store has vastly improved from its days of resembling a Wild West town, with searches for apps either offering tumbleweeds blowing in the wind or an assortment of unsavoury options that didn't quite look right. In fact, as soon as Jawbone gets the app for its Up fitness band over, I could be sold on making a full switch from Android.. Over on the LTE side of things, the XL definitely delivers. It's a category 4 device -- that's a theoretical top download speed of 150Mbps. You don't get those speeds, of course, but testing around the Sydney central business district and Inner West suburbs, I saw a top speed of 56Mbps down and an average of between 25 and 30Mbps. Upload was, as usual, lower, but averaged out to a respectable 12Mbps. Yes, the Category 6 phones that offer carrier aggregation will leave the XL in the dust, but it's not too long ago that the idea of 4G phone at this price point would have been a pipe dream.. In San Francisco on AT&T's network, download speeds typically ranged from 8Mbps down to 17Mbps down, but spiked at 33Mbps down, as tested on the Speedtest.net diagnostic app. Uplink speeds spanned 4.5 to 10.3 Mbps. These are respectable, but not quite as fast as we've seen on other high-end phones. That said, LTE speeds vary dramatically by time of day and exact location, so your speed situation could be very different depending on where you live.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Lumia 640 XL LTE. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE (Black, 8 GB) (1 GB RAM). Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE (Black, 8 GB). This item is currently out of stock. 1 GB RAM | 8 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB 5.7 inch HD Display 13MP Rear Camera 3000 mAh Battery Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Processor. 4G Connectivity and Phone Features Depend on the Carrier and the Location of the User. Nokia Stereo Headset WH-108, Battery, Handset, User Guide, Charger 640 XL LTE Lumia 640 XL LTE Black Smartphones Dual Sim Yes SD Card Integrated Hands-free Speakers, Noise Cancellation. 5.7 inch 1280 x 720 Pixels HD IPS LCD 16 M Corning Gorilla Glass 3, Low Power Mode, Easy to Clean, Wide Viewing Angle, Multi-point Touch, Lumia Color Profile, Sunlight Readability Enhancements. Windows 8.1 Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core 1.2 GHz GSM - 850, 900, 1800, 1900; WCDMA - 2100; 4G: LTE (FDD) - Band 1, Band 2, Band 3, Band 4, Band 5, Band 7, Band 8, Band 12, Band 17, Band 20, Band 28 (2600), LTE (TD) - Band 38, Band 40 (2620). 8 GB 1 GB 128 GB MicroSD Yes Yes Yes. Yes 13MP Auto Focus, ZEISS Optics, Sensor size: 1/3-inch, f-number/aperture: f/2.0, Focal Length: 28 mm, Backside-illuminated Image Sensor, Focus Range: 10 cm, Dynamic Flash, Rich Capture, Lumia Camera, Lumia Refocus, Lumia Moments Yes f-number/aperture: f/2.4, Still Image Capture, Video Call, Video Recording (1920 x 1080 Pixels), Focal Length: 24 mm, Lumia Selfie LED Yes Yes Yes 1920 x 1080 Digital Zoom - 4x 30 fps. 4G, 3G 4G LTE, GSM GPRS, Wi-Fi, 3G, EDGE, 4G Yes 42.2 Mbps HSDPA; 5.76 Mbps HSUPA Yes Internet Explorer 11 Yes 2 Yes 4 Yes 802.11 b/g/n Yes Yes Yes Yes 3.5 mm 236.8 kbps HERE Transit, HERE Drive+, HERE Maps Yes. Yes Capacitive Micro SIM Yes Yes Dual Standby Magnetometer, Accelerometer, Sensor Core, Orientation Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Proximity Sensor 30 GB Free Cloud Storage, OneDrive Cloud Storage, Vibrating Alerts, Word Flow Keyboard, Micro-USB-B System Connectors, WLAN Support, Double-tap to Wakeup, Glance Screen, Tactile Feedback, Peer-to-peer Sharing: Lumia Beamer, Lumia Storyteller, Audio and Video Streaming, Device Lock, PIN Code, Device Lock Passcode, Backup and Restore Via Internet, Mobile VPN, Remote Lock and Wipe, Voice Recognition, Customizable Home Screen,Font Magnification, High Contrast Mode, Screen Magnification, Calculator, Clock, Calendar, Alarm Clock with Ringtones, Reminders, To-do List, Family Room, Kids Corner, Call Waiting, Call History, One Integrated Phonebook, Voice Mail, Text-to-speech Message Reader YouTube, Touch UI, XBox-Live Hub, DirectX 11, MixRadio, Skype Video Call, Facebook, Linkedin, Twitter, WhatsApp, OneDrive, Lync (Corporate IM) Free Download, Company Hub for Enterprise Applications. Yes Yes AMR-NB, AAC-LC, GSM FR MP4, AVC, H.263, VC-1, MPEG4, Windows Video, H.264. 81.5 mm 157.9 mm 9 mm 171 g. 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty Off Site 1 Year Limited Warranty Damage/Tempering/Liquid Logged. Best phone for this price 14k Now my phone is running windows 10 which running smoothly but it has some heating issue when updated to windows 10.camera is sperb with carl xeiss optics.i am waiting for another update which will bring otd capability. Windows 10 experience shall improve more.battery life is very good compared to android device. I got 3 days of battery life.good speakers,great for music lover's, clarity of sound is awesome. Back cover feels good tough solidly built but it is catc.... It is awesome phone with no lags with great battery perfomance with lte at just 15,800 from kolkota on 13th october 2015 only disadvantage is it does not support many apps with windows 10 is coming soon which will support many apps it will be updated then the processor is fast qualcom snapdragon 400 chipset with 1gb ram windows runs smoothly another thing is missing super amoled display. 640 XL LTE is having ZEISS Lens but shown is not having. Display model is not exactly lumia 640 XL 4G LTE , why Because its Having ZEISS Lens back side of panel under lens of product but in Above picture Shows normal one. Overall result - This is just a garbage.. best Phone to buy for Lumia Lovers. i would like to say at the very outset that ardent android crazy people should not even glance this device............ Now if you do not have an Android Hangover............... This is a very relieving departure from the monotonous android interface without having to spend a fortune on an apple(no comparisons though) With the windows 10 update, it is a very pleasant experience...... 1.Crisp Display, with vivid colours 2.Phablet Sized, (I Love Big Screens for watching videos and the premium f.... I've been using this phone from 2 weeks. This lumia denim version having network issues. You can't connect to the network you want. Even though you select highspeed connection as 4G, it will connect to 2G only. I've another nokia phone which can connect to 3G network very well and can browse fast but this 640 XL LTE sucks in 2G only. No solution yet by microsoft yet and this was software released an year ago.. camera is good in good light conditions. Super phone .good product by flipkart.. Hello All, This phone is really Superb. Touch & font are simply superb 2. Easily upgraded to windows 10, excellent. No issues till now with windows 10. Battery backup is too good 4. No heating issues like android mobiles. Running smoothly, installed more than 100 apps 6. Exchange mail/ office docs are easily maintainable. 1 GB Ram is more than enough for windows mobiles unlike android even 3GB Ram gets hang on Android. though 13 MP Camera due to screen size(5.7") the res.... Have doubts regarding this product? Post your question. You May Also Be Interested In. Payments Shipping Cancellation & Returns FAQ Report Infringement. Contact Us About Us Careers Flipkart Stories Press Sell on Flipkart. Online Shopping Affiliate Program Gift Card Flipkart First Subscription Sitemap. Policies: Returns Policy Terms of use Security Privacy Infringement © 2007- 2018 Flipkart.com.. Top Stories : Brand Directory. MOST SEARCHED IN Mobiles & Accessories: ASUS ZENFONE 2 LASER PRICE ASUS ZENFONE 5 PRICE GIONEE S5.1 NOKIA LUMIA 540 PRICE IN INDIA MOTO X 2ND GEN PRICE IN INDIA NEXUS 6P PRICE NOKIA 501 NOKIA 620 REDMI 4G MOBILE SAMSUNG GALAXY A7 PRICE IN INDIA 2015 A8 PRICE IN INDIA SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND PRIME SAMSUNG NOTE 2 PRICE GALAXY NOTE EDGE PRICE IN INDIA SAMSUNG S4 MINI PRICE GALAXY S6 SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 SPICE MI 506 SAMSUNG Z PRICE IN INDIA IPHONE 5 32GB PRICE IN INDIA IPHONE 7 BLACK ASUS ZENFONE 2 LASER HTC CHACHA HTC ONE X INTEX CLOUD CUBE PRICE MOTOROLA MOTO G REDMI 2 SPECIFICATION SONY XPERIA XA DUAL VIVO 5S PRICE XOLO 4G. Vaishnavi Summit, Ground Floor, 7th Main,. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE smartphone was launched in March 2015. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 259 pixels per inch. The Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE runs Windows Phone 8.1 and is powered by a 3120mAh removable battery. It measures 157.90 x 81.50 x 9.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 171.00 grams. The Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Microsoft Lumia 640, Lumia 640 XL Launched Alongside Dual SIM, LTE Variants. More Microsoft mobiles Microsoft mobiles price in India. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE detailed specifications. Release date March 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 157.90 x 81.50 x 9.00 Weight (g) 171.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3120 Removable battery Yes. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 259. Processor 1.2GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Aditya Krishna | 23 Aug 2015. This mobile having 4g availability, when are they planning to release in india? Also will they release with 8.1 OS or 10 OS? and one spec you have written wrong battery is 3000mah not 3120mah. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. Microsoft Lumia 640, Lumia 640 XL Launched Alongside Dual SIM, LTE Variants. Microsoft Lumia 650 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 430 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 435 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 435 Microsoft Lumia 532 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 532 Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 535. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Comparison. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte vs. Nokia Lumia 1020 Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Prime vs. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte vs. LG Spirit Lte Motorola Moto G Gen 3 vs. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte vs. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte Dual Sim Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte vs. Sony Xperia C3 Microsoft Lumia 650 Dual Sim vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual Sim vs. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte vs. Samsung S Iii Neo Samsung Galaxy S7 Active vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Bing Community Participation Center Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Microsoft Education Microsoft Health and Band Mobile Devices MSN Music, Movies & TV Office OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Surface Virus and Malware Windows Windows Essentials Windows Insider Program. Ask a Question Start a Discussion. Tell us about your experience with our site. I just bought Lumia 640 xl lte. but there is one problem, outlook worked fine, but then i restarted phone, and i don't have outlook anymore. Any ideas? Do i need to reset all things?. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Microsoft Manuals Cell Phone Lumia 640 XL LTE User manual Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE User Manual. Related Manuals for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia 640 User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft lumia 950 User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia 950 User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia 950 User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia 735 User Manual. Lumia with windows phone 8.1 update (131 pages). With windows phone 8.1 (130 pages). With windows 10 mobile (132 pages). Lumia with windows 10 mobile (135 pages). Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia 435 User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Quick Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft lumia 635 User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft RM-1116 Quick Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft RM-1072 Quick Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft BK600 User Manual. Cell Phone Microsoft Kin ONEm User Manual. windows mobile 2003-based smartphones (17 pages). Microsoft kin onem windows phone user guide (134 pages). Summary of Contents for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. Page 7: Insert The Sim And Memory Card. Page 10: Remove The Sim And Memory Card. Page 12: Switch The Phone On. Page 13: Lock The Keys And Screen. Page 17: Set Up Your Phone. Page 18: Explore Your Tiles, Apps, And Settings. Page 20: Navigate Inside An App. Page 21: Use The Touch Screen. Page 24: Back, Start, And Search Keys. Page 28: What's New In This Release. Page 48: Save On Data Roaming Costs. Page 53: Scan Codes Or Text. Page 93: Download Maps To Your Phone. Page 102: Sync Music And Videos Between Your Phone And Computer. Page 110: Use Your Work Phone. Page 112: Update Your Phone Software. Page 113: Use A Secure Vpn Connection. Page 120: Copy Content Between Your Phone And Computer. Page 129: About Digital Rights Management, Battery And Charger Info. Page 130: Battery And Charger Safety, Small Children, Medical Devices, Implanted Medical Devices. Page 132: Potentially Explosive Environments, Copyrights And Other Notices. User Guide Lumia 640 XL LTE Issue 1.0 EN.... To find answers to your questions and to get helpful tips, tap Lumia Help+Tips. If you’re new to Lumia, check out the section for new users. For info on Microsoft Mobile Service terms and Privacy policy, go to www.microsoft.com/ mobile/privacypolicy. Define internet connections Take a screenshot Use your data plan efficiently Extend battery life Web browser Save on data roaming costs Search the web Write text Close internet connections Scan codes or text Entertainment © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. Use a secure VPN connection WiFi Memory and storage Copy content between your phone and computer Security Wallet Access codes Troubleshooting and support Find your model number and serial number (IMEI) Product and safety info © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. Only qualified personnel may install or repair this product. BATTERIES, CHARGERS, AND OTHER ACCESSORIES Use only batteries, chargers, and other accessories approved by Microsoft Mobile for use with this device. Third-party chargers that comply with the IEC/EN 62684 standard, and that can connect to your device micro USB connector, may be compatible. Get to grips with the basics, and have your phone up and running in no time. Keys and parts Explore the keys and parts of your new phone. Earpiece Audio connector AHJ 3.5 mm Front camera Light sensor Volume keys Power/Lock key Microphone © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. With the back of the phone facing you, put your finger in the seam between the screen frame and the bottom corner of the back cover. Bend the cover open, and remove it. Slide the micro-SIM card into the SIM slot with the metal contact area down. If you have a memory card, push the card into the memory card slot. It is recommended that you use a fast microSD card from a well-known manufacturer. Line up the battery contacts, and put the battery in. Press the bottom edge of the back cover against the bottom edge of your phone, and snap the cover into place. Bend the cover open, and remove it. If the battery is in, lift it out. To remove the SIM card, pull it out from the slot. Line up the battery contacts, and put the battery in. Press the bottom edge of the back cover against the bottom edge of your phone, and snap the cover into place. Don't press the keys while attaching the cover. Switch the phone on Switch your phone on, and start exploring it. Press the power key until the phone vibrates. Switch the phone off Press and hold the power key, and drag the lock screen down. If you want to avoid accidentally making a call when your phone is in your pocket or bag, you can set your keys and screen to lock automatically. Unlock the keys and screen Press the power key, and drag the lock screen up. Plug the charger into a wall outlet. If necessary, connect the USB cable to the charger. Connect the micro-USB end of the charger's cable to your phone. When the battery is full, disconnect the charger from the phone, then from the wall outlet. When the talk and standby times are noticeably shorter than normal, replace the battery. Connect the headset Enjoy your favourite music, or free your hands for other things when in a call. The headset may be sold separately. Connect the headset to your phone. Avoid touching the antenna area while the antenna is in use. Contact with antennas affects the communication quality and may reduce battery life due to higher power level during operation. When you switch your phone on for the first time, your phone guides you to set up your network connections, phone settings, and Microsoft account in one sitting. You need a Microsoft account to back up and restore your phone, to buy, install, and update apps, and to access some Microsoft services, such as: •.... Tip: You can also create a Microsoft account later. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS > email+accounts > add an account > Microsoft account. Parents must approve the account for children under the age of 13. To approve the account, on the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, tap ALL SETTINGS >.... To add an app shortcut to your start screen, in the apps menu, tap and hold the app, and tap pin to start. Check notifications and change settings quickly Swipe down from the top of the screen. In most apps, to go to another view, swipe left. Find more options in an app In the options menu, you can find additional settings and actions that are not shown as icons. Place your finger on an item until the menu opens. Tap and hold to drag an item Place your finger on the item for a couple of seconds, and slide your finger across the screen. Scroll through a long list or menu Slide your finger quickly in a flicking motion up or down the screen, and lift your finger. To stop the scrolling, tap the screen. Switch Rotation lock to On Screen rotation may not work in all apps or views. Transfer content to your new Lumia phone There are nifty ways to transfer your photos, videos, and other important stuff from your old to your new phone. These instructions may not apply to all phone models and manufacturers. Tip: If your old phone is a Windows Phone device, or if you have previously backed up your contacts to your Microsoft account, to import your contacts from the service, just sign in to your account on your phone. Lumia phone is your Microsoft account. If you don't have a Microsoft account set up on your new Lumia phone yet, on the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, tap ALL SETTINGS > email+accounts > add an account, and create a Microsoft account following the instructions shown on the screen.. Go to www.office.microsoft.com, search for Hotmail Connector, and download it to your computer. You may need to configure the Hotmail Connector settings. Sync the content you want from Outlook to your Microsoft account. It may take a while before the content is available on your Microsoft account.. Note that by using the software, you accept the terms. If you do not accept the terms, do not use the device or software. Instead contact Microsoft Mobile or the party from which you purchased the device to determine its return policy.. To view the open apps, tap and hold the back key. To switch the app, swipe to the app you want, and tap the app. To close the apps you no longer need, tap © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. You can quickly check notifications, change some settings, or add shortcuts to some apps in the action centre that opens from the top of the screen. The notification icon shows you have unread notifications. Swipe down from the top of the screen. If you have trouble hearing your phone ringing in noisy environments, or calls are too loud, you can change the volume to your liking. The maximum volume level is 10. Tip: To see hidden icons, tap the status bar. Mobile signal strength Signal strength Your phone isn't connected to a mobile network. There is no SIM card in your phone. Notifications You have unread notifications, such as new messages. To check the notifications, swipe down from the top of the screen. Profiles Vibrate mode is switched on. Create your Microsoft account Spice up your life and get more from your phone – create a Microsoft account. If you didn’t create a Microsoft account during the first start-up, you can always do it later. Add a Microsoft account to your phone If you didn’t sign in to your Microsoft account during the first start-up, you can add the account to your phone later and get your data and settings easily on all your devices.. Go to https://www.windowsphone.com/family, and log in to your Microsoft account. Add the account you want to My Family. Change the settings for your kid’s account. For more My Family settings, go to https://familysafety.microsoft.com. OneDrive Learn what OneDrive is and how to use it.. To upload your photos, documents, or other stuff saved on your phone, tablet, or computer to OneDrive, you need to sign in to your Microsoft account. To access the uploaded content on another device, you need to sign in to the same Microsoft account that was used when uploading the content.. To add a background photo, on the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS > start+theme > choose photo. To open an app from the folder, tap the folder, then tap the app you want. To change the name of the folder, tap and hold the name, and type in the name you want. To remove a folder, unpin the tiles in it. Change the lock screen to your liking. You can, for example, have your own favourite photo in the background. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS > lock screen. You can let your kids use some apps on your phone without having to worry about them accidentally deleting your work mail, making online purchases, or doing anything else they shouldn't. Put selected apps, games, and other favourites for kids to enjoy in their own start screen. You can use a song as your ringtone if it is not protected with digital rights management (DRM), and it’s smaller than 30 MB. Tip: Want to create your own unique ringtone? Tap Store, and download the Ringtone Maker app. Get up-to-date traffic and weather info, and much more You can do all this using your voice, with only a minimum of fiddling with the touch screen to distract you from other activities. You need a Microsoft account to use Cortana. Cortana is not available in all regions and languages. For info on the supported languages, go to www.windowsphone.com. Set up Cortana Tell Cortana a little bit about yourself, so it can better help you find what you’re looking for.. The available TTY/TDD modes may vary depending on your network service provider. Use your phone with a hearing aid Switch Telecoil to On To check the Hearing Aid Compatibility rating for your phone, go to aka.ms/ phoneaccessibility. To view or manage the screenshots you’ve taken, tap Photos > albums > Screenshots. Extend battery life Get the most out of your phone while getting the battery life you need. There are steps you can take to save power on your phone. • Some apps may run in the background unnecessarily. Tap Battery Saver, and swipe to usage. Tap the app you want, and stop it from running in the background. If both WiFi and mobile data connections are available, your phone uses the WiFi connection. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap 1. Make sure WiFi networking is switched to On 2. Select the connection you want to use. Swipe from the first letter of the word, and draw a path from letter to letter. Lift your finger after the last letter. To continue, keep on swiping without tapping the space key. Copy or paste text Tap a word, drag the circles before and after the word to highlight the section you want to copy, and tap. To paste the text, tap © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. If the word is wrong, tap it to see the original word and a few other suggestions. Correct a word If you notice that you have misspelled a word, tap it to see suggestions for correcting the word. Tap the language key repeatedly until the language you want is shown. The keyboard layout and word suggestions change according to the language selected. The language key is only shown when more than one keyboard has been installed. Translate or search for text on the web Point the camera at the text, tap scan text and the words you want, and tap translate or search. This feature may not be available in all languages. Your PC must have Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, or later. Snooze an alarm If you don’t want to get up just yet, when the alarm sounds, tap snooze. Before snoozing, you can change the snooze time. You can send meeting invitations to contacts who have a mail address. Create an event on another calendar By default, your events go to your Microsoft account calendar. If you have, for example, a shared calendar with your family, you can create and share the event instantly. To change the calendar when creating the event, tap more details >.... You can’t add new calendars to your phone, but you can choose which calendars from your different accounts you want to see. Change the colour for each calendar > settings, and tap the current colour and the new colour. The availability of Store and the selection of items available for download depend on your region. To download from Store, you need to be signed in to your Microsoft account on your phone. When you're signed in, you are offered content compatible with your phone.. The availability of payment methods depends on your country of residence and your network service provider. If you're not signed in to your Microsoft account, sign in now. Follow the instructions shown on your phone. Tip: If downloading fails, check that the time and date are set correctly.. Tip: If your kid has a Windows Phone 8.1, you can use the My Family website to manage their game and app downloads and settings. To set up My Family, go to https:// www.windowsphone.com/family, sign in to the Microsoft account with both your and the kid’s mail address and password, and follow the instructions.. ALL SETTINGS, and switch advertising id to On. If you want to clear the info that your phone uses to find your relevant adverts and tips, tap reset your advertising ID. If you don't yet have the Skype app, you can download it from www.windowsphone.com. Skype, and sign in with the same Microsoft account that you use with your phone. For info on the supported languages, go to www.windowsphone.com. Silence an incoming call If your phone rings when you don't want to be disturbed, you can silence the ringtone for that call. Make a call to the first person. To make a call to another person, tap 3. When the new call is answered, tap. To add more people, tap again. You can also contact your service provider about deactivating the voice mail service. Change your voice mail number > > settings, and type in the new number. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS > call +SMS filter. Switch Block calls+SMS to On Check which numbers are blocked Tap blocked numbers. Add or delete a contact Keep your friends with you. Save their phone numbers, addresses, and other info to the People hub. Tip: When editing a phone number, to see more special characters, tap and hold the full stop key. To add a short pause, tap the comma key, or to dial an extension, tap X. Tip: Your contacts are backed up automatically to your Microsoft account. Edit a contact Tap the contact and , and edit or add details, such as a ringtone or a web address.. Have your nearest and dearest instantly at your fingertips. Use the Transfer my Data app to easily copy your contacts, text messages, and pictures from your old phone. The app does not work with all phone models. Tip: If your old phone is a Windows Phone device, or if you have previously backed up your contacts to your Microsoft account, to import your contacts from the service, just sign in to your account on your phone. Select how you want to share, and follow the instructions. Change your profile photo You can select your contact card photo on your phone. Pick a photo you just took or an existing profile photo from one of your social networking services. Tap and hold the photo, and tap share..4. Tap the social networking service where you want to upload the photo. Add a caption if you want, and share or send your photo. You can see on the start screen when you've received a message. You can view the messages between you and a contact in one conversation thread. The thread can contain text and multimedia messages. In threads, tap a conversation, tap and hold the message you want to delete, and tap delete. Delete all messages in your phone > > select all > Reply to a message Don't keep your friend waiting – reply to the message straight away. If you don't yet have the Skype app, you can download it from www.windowsphone.com. Sign in with the same Microsoft account that you use with your phone. Swipe to people, and tap the contact you want to chat with. Write your message, and tap For more info on Skype-to-Skype instant messages, see the video at www.youtube.com/.... To use this feature, you must be connected to the internet. Tap and hold the search key 2. Say Text and the contact's name. Say your message, and follow the instructions you hear. To set up mail in your phone, you must be connected to the internet. If you didn't sign in to your Microsoft account during the first start-up, you can do it now. When you add a Microsoft account to your phone, a mail account is added automatically.. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS > email +accounts. Tap and hold the mailbox, and tap delete. You cannot delete the first Microsoft mailbox you signed in with. You must reset your phone to do that.. , take a photo, and tap accept. Send an Office document Office, tap the document you want to send and > share..., and select the mail account you want to use. If you receive a mail that needs a quick answer, you can reply straight away using your phone. Open the mail, and tap Tip: To reply to the sender only, tap reply. To reply to the sender and all the other recipients, tap reply all. If you have more than one mail account, you can choose which inboxes you want to link together into one inbox. The unified inbox lets you see all your mail at a glance. The new unified inbox is pinned to the start screen. Unlink unified inboxes On the start screen, tap the unified inbox and > linked inboxes. In the list, tap the inboxes you want to unlink and unlink. You can change the default camera app to whichever camera you prefer. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS > photos+camera. Tap Default camera app, and select the camera you want. To view the video you just recorded, tap the round thumbnail at the corner of the screen. The video is saved in Camera Roll. Take a photo, or record a video. On the start screen, tap Photos, browse to your photo or video, and tap it. Tap , select how you want to share, and follow the instructions. Change the video capture resolution , swipe to video, tap Resolution, and select the resolution you want. Depending on your phone, the highest available resolution is either 4K or Full HD. Lumia Cinemagraph may not be available for all phone models. To take a photo, tap and the screen. Pick the areas you want to animate, and tap 4. To save the animated photo, tap © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. The photos you've taken or videos you've recorded with your phone are saved to the Photos hub, where you can browse and view them. To find your photos and videos easily, mark your favourites, or organise them into albums. To easily find photos of an occasion, a person, or a trip, organise your photos into albums according to subject, for example. If your computer is a Mac, install the Windows Phone app from the Mac App Store. Use your computer’s file manager to copy or move your photos to the computer. If your computer is a Mac, install the Lumia Photo Transfer for Mac app from www.microsoft.com/mobile/support/. Connect your phone to a compatible computer with a compatible USB cable. You can select the area you want to blur and adjust the amount of blur. Add colour to your photo > colour pop. Select a colour from the colour palette, and apply it on the photo. When you’re done, tap © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. Save the edited photo > save. Tip: To revert to the original photo, tap > revert to original. Tip: To remove a route you no longer need from the map, tap > clear map. Get walking directions After creating your route, tap Get voice-guided driving directions After setting your destination (use your current location as the start point), tap > start voice nav. Location info may not be available, for example, inside buildings or underground. For privacy info related to positioning methods, see the Microsoft Mobile Privacy Policy. WiFi positioning improves positioning accuracy when satellite signals are not available, especially when you are indoors or between tall buildings.. This app can cut off data connections entirely if needed. Tap set limit, and choose the values you want. Tap Tip: To search the internet, write a search word in the address bar, and tap Zoom in or out Place 2 fingers on the screen, and slide your fingers apart or together. If you visit the same websites all the time, add them to your favourites, so you can access them quickly. Edit the name if you want to, and tap © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. ALL SETTINGS > NFC, and switch Tap to share to On NFC is not supported by all phones. For availability, go to www.microsoft.com/mobile/ support/wpfeatures. This feature may not be compatible with all phones that support NFC.. Tip: WiFi networking switches back on automatically. To change this setting, tap Turn WiFi back on. Close a mobile data connection On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, tap ALL SETTINGS > mobile +SIM, and switch Data connection to Off © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. Tip: To select a certain episode of the podcast, tap Subscribe to a podcast Swipe to GET PODCASTS, and write the podcast address. Tip: You can also search for a podcast by name. Tip: You can also connect using Bluetooth. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, tap ALL SETTINGS > Bluetooth, and pair your phone with the speaker. Enjoy your favourite FM radio stations on the go. To listen to the radio, you need to connect a compatible headset to the device. The headset acts as an antenna. The headset may be sold separately. For info on which app works with which computer, see the following table: Windows Windows Windows Windows Phone app Phone app Phone app Explorer for desktop for Mac Windows 8 Windows 8 RT Windows 7 Windows Vista/XP © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. To use the services, you need an internet connection. For info about possible data costs, contact your network service provider. Sign in to your Microsoft account to get the most out of the services. Some services may not be available in all countries or regions.. Follow your favourite sports Catch up with the latest sports news and results while on the go. Tap a category, or to find other categories, tap © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. In the Travel app main view, tap Hotel Search, write a city, and tap a suggestion. Set the booking details, and tap. Then tap a hotel and Book. View flight info In the Travel app main view, tap Arrivals & Departures, Flight Status, or Flight Search. Microsoft SharePoint Workspace Mobile • OneDrive Work with Word Mobile Polish your documents on the road with Microsoft Word Mobile. You can create or edit documents and share your work on a SharePoint site. Tap the location of the file.. Swipe to places, tap and hold the document, and tap delete. Work with Excel Mobile No need to travel to the office to check the latest figures. With Microsoft Excel Mobile, you can edit your spreadsheets, create new ones, and share your work on a SharePoint site.. Tap the Excel file and > share..Work with PowerPoint Mobile Add the finishing touches to your presentation en route to your meeting with Microsoft PowerPoint Mobile. Tap Office, swipe to places, and tap the location of the PowerPoint file you want to view.. To save the changes, tap the back key If you have a Microsoft account set up on your phone, your changes are saved and synced to your default Personal (Web) notebook on OneDrive. Otherwise, your changes are saved on your phone.. For example, you can set your phone to lock automatically, or you can even locate your phone if it gets lost (not available in all regions). For more info, go to www.microsoft.com/en-gb/mobile/business/lumia-for-business. • Start or join audio, video, or web conferences Lync is built to fully integrate with Microsoft Office. You can download the Microsoft Lync mobile version to your phone from Store. For more info, see the user documentation on the Microsoft Lync support pages at lync.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/pages/resources.aspx?title=downloads.. Before starting the update, connect a charger or make sure the device battery has enough power. Warning: If you install a software update, you cannot use the device, even to make emergency calls, until the installation is completed and the device is restarted. Tap and hold the profile, and tap delete. Switch to manual VPN connection Tap and hold the profile, and tap switch to manual. Tap the profile to connect to the VPN. WiFi Find out more about using the WiFi connection. WiFi Sense connects your phone to public WiFi hotspots and accepts the terms of use for you when required. WiFi Sense can also share your contact info if you want. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap > WiFi Sense. On the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS > NFC. Switch Tap to share to On Tip: Before using NFC, make sure the screen and keys are unlocked. Pay with your phone Forgot your wallet or purse at home? Not a problem – you can pay with your phone or use it as a ticket, if supported by your network service provider. Tip: You don’t need to back up your contacts and calendar events separately. Your phone automatically backs them up and keeps them in sync with your Microsoft account. If some of your downloaded apps are not included in the backup, you can re-download them from Store, as long as the app is available.. You can restore your backed up data after resetting or updating your phone software, or when setting up a new phone. Sign in to your Microsoft account, and follow the instructions shown on your phone. To reset your phone, on the start screen, swipe down from the top of the screen, and tap ALL SETTINGS >.... To quickly jump to a previous folder, tap the folder you want on the file path at the top of the screen. Create a new folder , write a name, and tap © 2015 Microsoft Mobile. Tip: If your computer is a Mac, install the Windows Phone app from the Mac App Store. If you want to transfer your photos to a Mac, it is recommended that you use the Lumia Photo Transfer for Mac app, which you can download from www.microsoft.com/ mobile.. Tip: The easiest way to access files on your phone is the Files app. You can download it from www.windowsphone.com. Security Learn how to protect your phone, and to keep your data secure. Open Cortana If you’ve switched Cortana on, to open Cortana, tap and hold the search key Cortana is not available in all languages. For info on the supported languages, go to www.windowsphone.com. If you selected recommended settings while setting up your phone, reset protection is on by default. It prevents a thief from resetting and reusing your phone if your phone gets stolen. To switch the feature off, switch Reset Protection to Off, and type in your Microsoft account credentials.. • Use your cards in Wallet for NFC payments, if supported by your network service provider • Store your Microsoft gift cards on your phone • Store your boarding passes, deals, tickets, and more 1. To define a PIN code for your Wallet, tap Wallet.. Defining a PIN code for Wallet does not prevent using NFC for payments. Note: Payment and ticketing apps and services are provided by third parties. Microsoft Mobile does not provide any warranty or take any responsibility for any such apps or services including support, functionality, transactions, or loss of any monetary value.. IMEI This is used to identify phones in the network. You may also need to give the number to your care point services or phone dealer. To view your IMEI number, dial *#06#. ALL SETTINGS > about > reset your phone. If your issue remains unsolved, contact your network service provider or Microsoft Mobile for repair options. Before sending your phone for repair, always back up your data, as all personal data in your phone may be deleted.. Switch the call restrictions off in your phone, such as call barring, fixed dialling, or closed user group. • When you switch your phone on for the first time, you are asked to create your Microsoft account and set up your phone. To make an emergency call during the account and phone setup, tap emergency call.. Always return your used electronic products, batteries, and packaging materials to dedicated collection points. This way you help prevent uncontrolled waste disposal and promote the recycling of materials. All materials of the device can be recovered as materials and energy. Check how to recycle your products at www.microsoft.com/mobile/ recycle.. Third-party chargers that comply with the IEC/EN 62684 standard, and that can connect to your device micro USB connector, may be compatible. Microsoft Mobile may make additional battery or charger models available for this device. The battery can be charged and discharged hundreds of times, but it will eventually wear out. When the talk and standby times are noticeably shorter than normal, replace the battery.. If you have any questions about using your wireless device with an implanted medical device, consult your health care provider. Accessibility solutions Microsoft Mobile is committed to making mobile phones easy to use for all individuals, including those with disabilities. Hearing Warning: When you use the headset, your ability to hear outside sounds may be affected.. The messages may contain tips and tricks and support. To provide the service described above, your mobile phone number, the serial number of your phone, and some identifiers of the mobile subscription may be sent to Microsoft Mobile when you use the phone for the first time. This information may be used as specified in the privacy policy, available at www.microsoft.com/mobile.. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances shall Microsoft Mobile or any of its licensors be responsible for any loss of data or income or any special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages howsoever caused.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE vs Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE: 76 facts in comparison. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. Damage resistant glass (such as Corning Gorilla Glass or Asahi Dragontrail Glass) is thin, lightweight, and can withstand high levels of force.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. All DLNA certified products are compatible with one another. When different devices are connected to the same network, data can be transferred easily between them.. Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. IPS (In-Plane Switching) is a technology used for LCDs. It was designed to overcome the main limitations of normal TFTs TN-matrices: relatively slow response times, small viewing angles and low quality color reproduction.. NFC (near field communication) allows a device to perform simple wireless transactions.. The web browser has automatic word wrap when zooming, the user can easily read long lines without scrolling horizontally.. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE (Windows 8.1). Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE (Windows 8.1). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. When I order an Unlock Code for my Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE, what will I receive?. With all Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. Please select the Network your Lumia 640 XL LTE is locked to:. Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa (Islands) Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman (Islands) Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Cook (Islands) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji (Islands) Finland France French Guyana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada (Island) Guadeloupe Guam (Island) Guatemala Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Monténégro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion (Island) Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Lucia Saint-Barthélemy Saint-Kitts and Nevis Saint-Pierre and Miquelon Saint-Vincent Samoa (Islands) San Marino San Marteen (French Part) Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles (Islands) Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos (Islands) Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States - USA Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe. I don't know the name and country of the original network provider. I accept the Terms & Conditions. Important: Select the Current Network your Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. How to Unlock Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE?. from a source different than your original Service Provider (i.e. if you have a Rogers phone, use a non-Rogers SIM card). Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE will ask you to enter. Your Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by Microsoft. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for microsoft lumia 640 xl lte. All Listings - Current page. results for microsoft lumia 640 xl lte. Save microsoft lumia 640 xl lte to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow microsoft lumia 640 xl lte to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. microsoft lumia 640 xl lte :. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual Sim White 8GB 5.7"HSDPA Windows Phone By Fedex. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Blue Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Orange Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - 8GB - Black Smartphone. GSM Unlocked Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE RM-1063 - 8GB - Black (AT&T) GREAT CNDTN. 2 new & refurbished from $82.00. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Black Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Black Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Black Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Matt Cyan Vodafone A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Matt Cyan Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Blue Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Blue Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE White Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE White Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL RM-1063 AT&T LTE Windows Smartphone Black EXCELLENT COND. 2 new & refurbished from $82.00. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - 8GB - black (AT&T) Smartphone. TPU Case For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL / LTE / Dual SIM -Soft S Line Gel Skin Cover. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Cowhide Wallet Case Cover For Apple OPPO. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Wallet Case Cover Card Holder Quality Skin. 100% Genuine leather Slim Flip case cover for iphone Samsung Huawei Sony LG. Leather Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Microsoft Phones. A+ LCD Display Touch Screen Assembly For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM 5.7. Leather Belt Clip Case with Magnetic Closure Microsoft Phones. Handmade Pu Leather Cash Card Slot Wallet Folio Flip Case For Microsoft & Nokia. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Flat Skin Holder For Acer Alcatel Asus. Card hold wallet Flip Leather case for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM TD-LTE. Large Leather Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on Microsoft Phones. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Universal Holder For Acer Archos. Horizontal PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Strong Holder For Acer. Case for Microsoft Nokia Lumia 550 630 640 lte 640XL 650 Double color classic Fl. Womens Fashion Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Crossbody Purse EI65-7. Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ SPECK CASE ON for Microsoft Phones. Large Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on for Microsoft Phones. Large Leather Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on for Microsoft Phones. Rugged Canvas Holster fits w/ silicone case on for Microsoft Phones. Rugged Canvas Case w/ Belt Loop, Clip & Velcro for Microsoft Phones. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Cowhide Wallet Stand Case Cover Card Slot. Universal Wrist-Let Case Clutch Cover & Organizer for Smart-Phones KroO XLMTS11. Handmade Pu Leather Cash Card Slot Wallet Folio Flip Case For Microsoft & Nokia. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Flat Skin Holder For Acer Apple. For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Running Fitness Waistband Case & Handsfree. For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Leather Case Belt Clip Cover Holster. Genuine 100% Leather Case ETUI HOUSSE PORTEFEUILLE PREMIUM CLAPET CUIR VERITABLE. For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. Womens Fashion Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Evening Purse EI65-7. HEAD CASE DESIGNS DECORATIVE INITIALS HARD BACK CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. 3x Clear LCD Screen Protector Guard Microsoft Nokia Lumia 640 4G LTE Dual SIM. Universal Flower Pattern Case Cover Pouch for Smartphone Phablets XXFL-16. For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE DS Audio 3.5mm Stereo Jack To Jack Flat Cable. Slim Simple Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones ESXXWL-4. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
English Srpski. Home Smartphone reviews Blog News Brands Contact menu. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review - Smaller version of the Mate 10 with a quadruple camera February 13, 2018. Xiaomi Mi A1 Review - Xiaomi with Pixel features! February 06, 2018. NOA Core Next Review - NOA entry level device January 25, 2018. Blackview A5 Review - Compact and accessible January 23, 2018. Brand Brand name Model. Select brand ACER ALCATEL ALLVIEW AMOI APPLE ASUS BBK BENQ BLACKBERRY BLU BLUBOO CAT CHUWI CUBOT DOOGEE DOOV ELEPHONE FLY FUJITSU GIGABYTE GIONEE GOOGLE HTC HUAWEI ICEMOBILE INFOCUS INTEX KYOCERA LANDVO LAVA LEAGOO LEECO LENOVO LG MICROMAX MICROSOFT MOTOROLA NIU NOA NOKIA ONEPLUS OPPO OUKITEL PANASONIC PANTECH PHILIPS PLUM POSH PRESTIGIO SAMSUNG SHARP SISWOO SONY SYMPHONY TESLA TEXET THL UMI VERYKOOL VIVAX VIVO WALTON WIKO XIAOMI XOLO YU ZOPO. Type Diagonal (inches) Resolution (pixel) PPI (ppi). Select type PHONE TABLET. Pixel (MP) Flash Flash type Video Video resolution (pixel). Select type Dual-LED flash LED flash Quad-LED flash Ten-LED flash Triple-LED flash Xenon Xenon and LED flash. Chipset Number of cores Speed. Select chipset Actions Allwinner Altair AMD Amlogic Apple Atheros Boxchip Broadcom Freescale HiSilicon Huawei Infineon Intel Leadcore LG Marvell MediaTek Motorola MSTAR Nvidia NXP Philips Qualcomm Rockchip Samsung SiRF SpreadTrum ST Erricson Telechips TI (Texas Instruments) VIA Vivante Xiaomi. RAM Internal Memory Card. Select operating system 360 OS Aliyun OS Amigo Android Android Wear Bada BlackBerry OS Brew Chrome OS Cloud OS Color OS Coolsand OS Cyanogen OS Danger OS Dash OS Dido OS ELE OS EMUI OS Fira OS Fire OS Firefox OS Flo OS FlyMe OS Freedom OS Freeme OS Funtouch OS HiOS HP webOS Indus OS iOS IUNI Kingzone OS Leagoo OS LeWa OS LiMo Linux Living MeeGo MEIOS Microsoft Windows Phone MIUI OS MOS MTK Nokia X Nucleus OMS OS X Oxygen OS Palm OS REMIX OS Rex RTK Sailfish OS SHP Smartisan OS Star OS SUGAR OS Symbian Tencent OS ThreadX Tizen Touch OS UMI OS VOS WatchOS WeOS Windows Windows Mobile Windows Mobile + Windows Vista Windows Phone X OS YunOS ZUI OS. USB type WI-FI Infrared NFC Hotknot HDMI GPS Bluetooth Bluetooth version. Select type Micro-USB Mini-USB Type-C. Select version 5.0 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.1 3.0 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.5 1.2 1.1 1.0. Waterproof Dustproof Shock resistant. Apple Samsung LG Motorola Xiaomi Huawei Asus Oneplus Sony Oppo. Home Brands MICROSOFT MICROSOFT LUMIA 640 XL LTE. MICROSOFT LUMIA 640 XL LTE (RM-1063,RM-1064,RM-1096). Specifications Comments Phone compare. 157.9 x 81.5 x 9 mm. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Copy in txt format Copy in HTML format. Close Copy to clipboard. Specs for MICROSOFT LUMIA 640 XL LTE (RM-1063,RM-1064,RM-1096) @ MOBOSdata. MICROSOFT LUMIA 640 XL LTE (RM-1063,RM-1064,RM-1096). Network GSM, WCDMA, LTE, GPRS, EDGE GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 WCDMA 850, 900, 2100 LTE 800, 900, 1800, 2100, 2600 GPRS EDGE EV-DO HSPA Speed. Up to 5.76 Mbps LTE Speed. Up to 50 Mbps Display Primary IPS LCD 5.7" 1280 x 720 pixels 16M colors HD, 259 ppi, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Secondary Camera Primary 13 MP 4128 x 3096 pixels LED flash Carl Zeiss optic, Aperture: f/2.0, Autofocus, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch-focus, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI), Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Video 1920 x 1080 pixels 1080p@30fps Secondary 5 MP 2592 x 1944 pixels CPU Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 MSM8226 CPU Speed 1.2 GHz GPU Qualcomm Adreno 305 Memory RAM 1 GB Internal 8 GB Memory Card MicroSD, Up to 128 GB OS System Windows Phone 8.1 General SIM Micro-SIM, Single-SIM Dimension 157.9 x 81.5 x 9 mm Weight 171 g Released 2015, March Colors cyan, orange, black, white Connectivity USB. Micro-USB 2.0 WI-FI. 802.11 b/g/n, DLNA 1 Infrared NFC Hotknot HDMI GPS. A-GLONASS, A-GPS, BEIDOU Bluetooth. 4.0 A2DP, AVRCP, GATT, HFP, HID, OPP, PAN, PBAP, MAP Features Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity, Light, Compass Waterproof Dustproof Shock resistant Sound Headphone. 3.5mm Battery Capacity 3000 mAh Li-Ion Stand by Up to 888 h Talk time Up to 30 h 20 m. Close Copy to clipboard. Network GSM, WCDMA, LTE, GPRS, EDGE GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 WCDMA 850, 900, 2100 LTE 800, 900, 1800, 2100, 2600 GPRS EDGE EV-DO HSPA Speed. Up to 5.76 Mbps LTE Speed. Up to 50 Mbps Display Primary IPS LCD 5.7" 1280 x 720 pixels 16M colors HD, 259 ppi, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Secondary Camera Primary 13 MP 4128 x 3096 pixels LED flash Carl Zeiss optic, Aperture: f/2.0, Autofocus, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch-focus, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI), Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Video 1920 x 1080 pixels 1080p@30fps Secondary 5 MP 2592 x 1944 pixels CPU Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 MSM8226 CPU Speed 1.2 GHz GPU Qualcomm Adreno 305 Memory RAM 1 GB Internal 8 GB Memory Card MicroSD, Up to 128 GB OS System Windows Phone 8.1 General SIM Micro-SIM, Single-SIM Dimension 157.9 x 81.5 x 9 mm Weight 171 g Released 2015, March Colors cyan, orange, black, white Connectivity USB. Micro-USB 2.0 WI-FI. 802.11 b/g/n, DLNA 1 Infrared NFC Hotknot HDMI GPS. A-GLONASS, A-GPS, BEIDOU Bluetooth. 4.0 A2DP, AVRCP, GATT, HFP, HID, OPP, PAN, PBAP, MAP Features Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity, Light, Compass Waterproof Dustproof Shock resistant Sound Headphone. 3.5mm Battery Capacity 3000 mAh Li-Ion Stand by Up to 888 h Talk time Up to 30 h 20 m. Mobile phones specs, reviews, comparisons, manuals, gaming and more. Home Smartphone reviews Blog News Brands Contact. Terms and conditions DMCA report Copyright (c) mobosdata.com. 
Manuals Brands Microsoft Manuals Cell Phone Lumia 640 XL LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Manuals. Manuals and User Guides for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE.. We have 1 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE manual available for free PDF download: User Manual. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE User Manual (133 pages). Brand: Microsoft | Category: Cell Phone | Size: 1.72 MB. Insert The Sim And Memory Card 7 ................................................................................................................................................................. Remove The Sim And Memory Card 10 ................................................................................................................................................................. Switch The Phone On 12 ................................................................................................................................................................. Lock The Keys And Screen 13 ................................................................................................................................................................. Set Up Your Phone 17 ................................................................................................................................................................. Explore Your Tiles, Apps, And Settings 18 ................................................................................................................................................................. Navigate Inside An App 20 ................................................................................................................................................................. Use The Touch Screen 21 ................................................................................................................................................................. Back, Start, And Search Keys 24 ................................................................................................................................................................. What's New In This Release 28 ................................................................................................................................................................. Save On Data Roaming Costs 48 ................................................................................................................................................................. Scan Codes Or Text 53 ................................................................................................................................................................. Download Maps To Your Phone 93 ................................................................................................................................................................. Sync Music And Videos Between Your Phone And Computer 102 ................................................................................................................................................................. Use Your Work Phone 110 ................................................................................................................................................................. Update Your Phone Software 112 ................................................................................................................................................................. Use A Secure Vpn Connection 113 ................................................................................................................................................................. Copy Content Between Your Phone And Computer 120 ................................................................................................................................................................. About Digital Rights Management 129 ................................................................................................................................................................. Battery And Charger Info 129 ................................................................................................................................................................. Battery And Charger Safety 130 ................................................................................................................................................................. Copyrights And Other Notices 132 ................................................................................................................................................................. Related Products for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Bing Community Participation Center Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Microsoft Education Microsoft Health and Band Mobile Devices MSN Music, Movies & TV Office OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Surface Virus and Malware Windows Windows Essentials Windows Insider Program. Ask a Question Start a Discussion. Tell us about your experience with our site. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE calling issues.. Hi there, I recently bought a Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE. the very next day I found a big problem with it. So when I call people or when I answer calls i couldn't hear anything. I can't find a solution for this. So I used to reset my phone whenever I face. I almost did reset my phone for 20 times now. I'm totally fed up with this kinda of ****. It's been happening for a couple of months. Btw, I'm from India and Airtel is my network operator. Please help me with this issue.. I have the same question (15). Make sure to use an original Micro-SIM, and do. 2G : All Apps » Settings » cellular + SIM » Highest connection speed. 3 people were helped by this reply. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Main camera: 13.0 MP, Front camera: Full HD 5 MP wide angle. 5.7 inches (~69.1% screen-to-body ratio); SIM card type: Micro SIM. OS: Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Nillkin Amazing H Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. NILLKIN FROST Shield Hard Dotted Bumper Back Case Cover, For Microsoft Lumia 640XL - BLACK. SDO™ Luxury Matte Finish Rubberised Slim Hard Case Back Cover for Microsoft Lumia 640XL - Black. AFFIX (9H Curved Edges) Tempered Glass For Microsoft Lumia 640XL / Microsoft Lumia 640XL LTE (5.7" Display). CEDO® anti shatter Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Microsoft Nokia Lumia 640 XL. SanDisk Ultra MicroSDHC 32GB UHS-I Class 10 Memory Card (Upto 48 MB/s Speed). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL (Dual SIM, Orange 8GB). Microsoft Lumia 640 XL (Dual SIM, Cyan). Microsoft Lumia 640 XL (Dual SIM, White). Microsoft Lumia 650 (Dual SIM, BLACK DARK SILVER). Description for Microsoft Lumia 640XL LTE Smartphones(BLACK). Microsoft Lumia 640 xl lte first 4g phone by microsoft. Microsoft Lumia 640XL LTE Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 8.2 x 0.9 x 15.8 cm. Item model number Lumia 640Xl LTE. #1,07,082 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 9 October 2015. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 51% 4 star 18% 3 star 5% 2 star 5% 1 star 21%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars microsoft 640 xl (lte). it is good phone but as we know every phone have heating problem/issue. ya i can say with my experience in the ms-640xl(lte) having heating problem but less than other phones. one plus point is no hanging problem even you play big game also. i am happy with this product. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A lumia will always be a lumia. This baby beast is a class in itselt....my third lumia after lumia 520 &630 and as always once you know how to pit a lumia to good use and understand how it is better and superior to lagdroids you will never complain...upgraded this beast to windows 10 mobile and it works like a charm.... Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Its been an awesome smartphone by Microsoft specially about the battey backup it .... Its been an awesome smartphone by Microsoft specially about the battey backup it lasts near about 1 & Hal day for me hats off to Microsoft for such a beautiful smartphone. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Value for money windows phone - there is a gap .... Value for money windows phone - there is a gap between this and the 900 series. Not rated 5 as there is some trouble around auto restart. Hoping that a Windows update resolves the issue. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Advantages and disadvantages of product. One of the good product and value for money. But still improvement required for viewing, playing, handling, downloading and storing media files.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. started getting problem in 8 months. I can not receive calls even if I have full network coverage.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars jio phone 😁😁 excellent. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars best. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Wost company,as a customer point of view.it only cares about his plannings and always ignore customers. 2.0 out of 5 stars headache... I am a fan of Windows phone, and this one fully fits my needs. Camera quality is awesome, even friends agreed to the picture quality. 5.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone. 1.0 out of 5 stars Dont buy. got the product on time and the phone is working just fine till now. 5.0 out of 5 stars ... product on time and the phone is working just fine till now. Best choice for everyone...microsoft Lumia 640 xl LTE. Have a best camera..and good battery 🔋 backup...its very nice mobile...running very fast...edge browser also very fast.... 5.0 out of 5 stars BEST MOBILE 📱 Value for money. Excellent Phone Great Battery Back Up With No Hanging. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. i got what i paid for.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lumia 640 xl lte. All Listings - Current page. results for lumia 640 xl lte. Save lumia 640 xl lte to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lumia 640 xl lte to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual Sim White 8GB 5.7"HSDPA Windows Phone By Fedex. Lumia 640 XL Windows 8.1 Smartphone with 13MP Camera, 4G LTE 8GB, 5.7-Inch,. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Blue Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Orange Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - 8GB - Black Smartphone. GSM Unlocked Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE RM-1063 - 8GB - Black (AT&T) GREAT CNDTN. 2 new & refurbished from $82.00. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Black Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Black Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Black Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL RM-1063 AT&T LTE Windows Smartphone Black EXCELLENT COND. 2 new & refurbished from $82.00. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Matt Cyan Vodafone A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Matt Cyan Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Blue Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Blue Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE White Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE White Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia Lumia 640 XL LTE Orange (AT&T). Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - 8GB - black (AT&T) Smartphone. Movistar Mexico Nokia Lumia 640 XL LTE 735 532 635 820 1020 & More Unlock Codes. TPU Case For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL / LTE / Dual SIM -Soft S Line Gel Skin Cover. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Cowhide Wallet Case Cover For Apple OPPO. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Wallet Case Cover Card Holder Quality Skin. 100% Genuine leather Slim Flip case cover for iphone Samsung Huawei Sony LG. Handmade Pu Leather Cash Card Slot Wallet Folio Flip Case For Microsoft & Nokia. Leather Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Microsoft Phones. A+ LCD Display Touch Screen Assembly For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM 5.7. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Flat Skin Holder For Acer Alcatel Asus. Leather Belt Clip Case with Magnetic Closure Microsoft Phones. Large Leather Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on Microsoft Phones. Card hold wallet Flip Leather case for Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM TD-LTE. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Universal Holder For Acer Archos. Horizontal PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Strong Holder For Acer. Nokia Lumia 640 LTE / 640 XL PREMIUM Quality USB Cable LOTS OF 3x 5x 10x 20x. Nokia Lumia 640 LTE / 640 XL New PREMIUM Metal CAR Charger adapter + USB Cable. 3 new & refurbished from $6.75. Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ SPECK CASE ON for Microsoft Phones. Large Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on for Microsoft Phones. Large Leather Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on for Microsoft Phones. Rugged Canvas Holster fits w/ silicone case on for Microsoft Phones. Rugged Canvas Case w/ Belt Loop, Clip & Velcro for Microsoft Phones. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Cowhide Wallet Stand Case Cover Card Slot. Case for Microsoft Nokia Lumia 550 630 640 lte 640XL 650 Double color classic Fl. Universal Wrist-Let Case Clutch Cover & Organizer for Smart-Phones KroO XLMTS11. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Flat Skin Holder For Acer Apple. Genuine 100% Leather Case ETUI HOUSSE PORTEFEUILLE PREMIUM CLAPET CUIR VERITABLE. Handmade Pu Leather Cash Card Slot Wallet Folio Flip Case For Microsoft & Nokia. For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Running Fitness Waistband Case & Handsfree. Universal Flower Pattern Case Cover Pouch for Smartphone Phablets XXFL-16. HEAD CASE DESIGNS DECORATIVE INITIALS HARD BACK CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. Womens Fashion Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Evening Purse EI65-7. For Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Unboxing. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Unboxing mobitela Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Pretplati se: http://goo.gl/GRqk3u Prati nas na: http://www.smartphonehrvatska.com/ Facebook: http://goo.gl/EHxxF7 Twitter: https://twitter.com/Smartphonehrv BUY: Xiaomi Mi MIX 4GB RAM 4G Phablet - 4GB RAM 128GB ROM BLACK http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p ... Xiaomi Mi5s 4G Smartphone - GOLDEN http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p ... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 64GB ROM 4G Phablet - GRAY http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p ... Xiaomi Mi5S Plus 4G Phablet 64GB ROM - GOLDEN http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p ... Huawei Honor 8 FRD-AL00 32GB ROM Smartphone - DEEP BLUE http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p ... Huawei P9 Plus 128GB 4G Phablet - BLACK http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p ... Huawei Honor 4C 4G Smartphone - BLACK http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p .... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Unboxing (English/ Full HD) - GSMDome.com. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM Unboxing. Unboxing do Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual Sim. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Full Review With Camera Test, Specs, Features, Design & Display Quality. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Review | Big Battery Budget Beast. Top 10 Windows Phone games on Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. Microsoft Lumia 640/640 XL Camera Tips - Living Images and Rich Capture. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Test - Prezentacja. Lumia 640XL Review - Microsoft Refreshes their Budget Phablet. Top 10 free Windows Phone games on Microsoft Lumia 640. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL unboxing and first impressions. Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM Full Review - Great Camera, Premium Look. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Review (English/ Full HD) - GSMDome.com. Microsoft Lumia 640XL Hands on Review Pros and Cons. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Unboxing and First Impressions. SPEED TEST - Microsoft Lumia 640 XL vs Nokia Lumia 930. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home >> Phones >> Microsoft >>Lumia 640 XL LTE. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE is an Windows Phone 8.1 Smartphone from Microsoft. It comes with 1.2 GHz Quad Core Processor and 13 MP Auto focus Camera.. Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. - 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor. - 5.7 Inch HD IPS Touch Screen Display. - 13 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Specifications. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Forums Shop Toggle Search. Order Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. t f p i r Download App Podcast Tip Us!. Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free!. Lumias are on sale again in the Microsoft Store? 637 L950 or 950 xl ? 2018 228 Do I have a virus?! 209 Xbox us for uk 198 Finding Active Pen for Windows Ink is like doing research for PhD. 194 Virus on lumia 950? 193. Forum Phones Microsoft / Nokia Phones Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Lumia 640 XL versions. 34 1 2 Jump to page: tools. Advanced Search Show Printable Version. Last edited by Woodman1914; 07-05-2015 at 03:48 PM .. UPDATE: below information has been updated based on feedback, thanks. Please feel free to add or correct. 1) 640 XL single-SIM (no LTE). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - model number: RM-1066 (source: nokiapoweruser.com). 2) 640 XL dual-SIM (no LTE). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - RM-1062 does not support USA LTE bands (unverified). - RM-1064 does support USA LTE bands (verified). - model numbers: RM-1062 , RM-1063 (USA ATT), RM-1064 (nokiapoweruser.com). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - model numbers: RM-1065 , RM-1096 (both versions verified to work with USA LTE bands). - for ATT USA, visual voicemail does not seem to work for either RM-1065 or RM-1096. It is not clear at this time what the exact differences are between RM-1065 and RM-1096.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. oldpueblo and Exotic Hadron like this.. To be honest, I was a bit confused myself. I went off this list I found here. Lumia 640 XL Page: Specifications, Price, Release date. I ordered the RM-1096 dual sim version since it has LTE apparently for att...guess I'll see if it is true when I get it. I thought I understood this, but I'm not entirely sure (it would help if Microsoft would add the model numbers to the specs page). So here's the question: what are all the versions of the Lumia 640 XL, and what are the differences among them? According to Microsoft, there are 4 versions:. 1) 640 XL single-SIM (no LTE). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. 2) 640 XL dual-SIM (no LTE). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - LTE bands: Band 1 (2100 MHz), Band 20 (800MHz), Band 3 (1800 MHz), Band 7 (2600 MHz), Band 8 (900MHz). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - LTE bands: Band 1 (2100 MHz), Band 17 (700MHz), Band 2 (1900 MHz), Band 20 (800MHz), Band 3 (1800 MHz), Band 4 (1700/2100 MHz), Band 5 (850MHz), Band 7 (2600 MHz), Band 8 (900MHz), Band 28 (700 MHz), Band 12 (700 MHz). I'm not sure on the model numbers, for example I don't know what the RM number is for the dual-SIM no LTE, or for RM-1065, Newegg describes it as USA LTE, and it seems to be single-SIM. However, that doesn't seem to match the more limited LTE bands shown on Microsoft's website, so could there be multiple variants of single-SIM LTE? Does anyone have a single-SIM LTE version that gets 4G connections in the USA?. Would appreciate anyone who can clarify. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Thanks for the link, I'll update my post with that, although it doesn't mention RM-1096, which is what I got from Expansys. This kind of stuff drives me nuts, there have to be differences between RM-1096 and RM-1065 and I wish they were much more up front about what they are. Thanks for starting this thread, I'll be watching to see which one I should get for AT&T.. That RM-1096 has eleven LTE bands?!. I guess the version AT&T will sell will have many less than that, not to mention the single SIM slot. This is very tempting, should I spend ~$250 now for a 640XL dual SIM LTE, or save for that elusive flagship with Continuum.. I was faced with a similar choice, but I figured it'll be a while, maybe until the middle of 2016 before the flagship prices drop somewhat, hoping the 640XL will keep me satisfied until then or longer. That RM-1096 has eleven LTE bands?!. I guess the version AT&T will sell will have many less than that, not to mention the single SIM slot. This is very tempting, should I spend ~$250 now for a 640XL dual SIM LTE, or save for that elusive flagship with Continuum.. If you're with ATT, I guess you could get either one based on what's cheapest. This kind of stuff drives me nuts, there have to be differences between RM-1096 and RM-1065 and I wish they were much more up front about what they are. Thanks for starting this thread, I'll be watching to see which one I should get for AT&T.. I've had the same model you ordered for a week, and it does work on AT&T's network. I powered it up, and it registered full LTE, with no issues. Originally Posted by Superboy Micah. To be honest, I was a bit confused myself. I went off this list I found here. Lumia 640 XL Page: Specifications, Price, Release date. I ordered the RM-1096 dual sim version since it has LTE apparently for att...guess I'll see if it is true when I get it. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Does the visual voicemail work for you on AT&T? Thinking about getting one as well.. I've had the same model you ordered for a week, and it does work on AT&T's network. I powered it up, and it registered full LTE, with no issues. I don't think dual SIM version would have visual VM. If you get a single SIM, you should have it, I think.. Why would that be? Do you have any information to back up that theory?. Originally Posted by Tokuro Yamashiro. I don't think dual SIM version would have visual VM. If you get a single SIM, you should have it, I think.. I do own a 640xl DS LTE. What I should have said is that it should work on a single sim version.. How can you tell if it has connection with AT&T's LTE? I just got mine today and am getting quite frustrated.. How can you tell if it has connection with AT&T's LTE? I just got mine today and am getting quite frustrated.. I've had the same model you ordered for a week, and it does work on AT&T's network. I powered it up, and it registered full LTE, with no issues. Look at the very top left corner of the screen, you should see a very small 1 indicating SIM slot 1, and then 5 ascending bars from left to right indicating cellular signal strength, then next to that, your cellular data speed connection. If it's 4G or LTE, it'll say 4G. See this picture as an example.. Originally Posted by Trishaude Conley. How can you tell if it has connection with AT&T's LTE? I just got mine today and am getting quite frustrated.. I have the 1096 and it has the following Bands:1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 28, 38, 40. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. slight correction on the RM-1064, it does support USA LTE bands.. - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - RM-1062 and RM-1064 do not support USA LTE bands. - model numbers: RM-1062 , RM-1063 (USA ATT), RM-1064 (nokiapoweruser.com). Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Woodman1914 , digitalicecream and Exotic Hadron like this.. Excellent, thank you for the picture. slight correction on the RM-1064, it does support USA LTE bands. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Well I ordered a white one today. Will be testing the 1096 on AT&T in the 95821 area code which is fairly centralized, as well as 95624 which is pretty remote. If this works I'll be very happy, if not I'm going to be broken hearted and my little 635 will be put back to work.. Was reading that some people aren't able to get full LTE on AT&T with the RM-1096. Can't post the link, but it was on the Expansys forums: AT&T told them the phone wasn't "provisioned" to use bands other than band 17. That sounds like AT&T is deliberately blocking LTE support on other bands in their network. But I don't understand why they would block everything except band 17. Any thoughts on a workaround for this? Was really thinking about picking one up, but am a little hesitant now.. I see that it covers many LTE bands, but ATT tells me that based on the IMEI that I will only get band 17 (700mhz) on this phone. I had another phone next to it and it was getting LTE, while my RM-1096 was only getting 4G. So I worked with ATT for a long time and they said my new phone is not "provisioned" to use any other ATT LTE band. If this is true, it seems that I could miss a lot of LTE service, when there are many other ATT LTE bands available. How can I make sure my phone will use all ATT LTE bands in the US?. You should do a speed test. I think people are saying that the 1096 displays 4G when it's getting LTE.. That doesn't sound good, maybe it's ATT's way of selling carrier branded phones. Please keep us posted on this. Was reading that some people aren't able to get full LTE on AT&T with the RM-1096. Can't post the link, but it was on the Expansys forums:. AT&T told them the phone wasn't "provisioned" to use bands other than band 17. That sounds like AT&T is deliberately blocking LTE support on other bands in their network. But I don't understand why they would block everything except band 17. Any thoughts on a workaround for this? Was really thinking about picking one up, but am a little hesitant now.. Reminder for anybody who's forgotten, 4G *is* LTE everywhere but North America. If you see "4G" displayed on a non-US market phone, you are getting LTE signal.. Originally Posted by cane prevost1. You should do a speed test. I think people are saying that the 1096 displays 4G when it's getting LTE.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Sedp23 , Exotic Hadron and Captain_Eric like this.. I would, but I don't have one. Was looking to buy because Expansys has them at $199 and then saw the forum post.. Originally Posted by cane prevost1. You should do a speed test. I think people are saying that the 1096 displays 4G when it's getting LTE.. Reminder for anybody who's forgotten, 4G *is* LTE everywhere but North America. If you see "4G" displayed on a non-US market phone, you are getting LTE signal.. 34 1 2 Jump to page:. Forum Phones Microsoft / Nokia Phones Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Lumia 640 XL versions. « Maxell Micro SD Card. 640XL or 950? ». How do I get a download to use Google Play apps for my Lumia 635?. By WPCentral Question in forum Nokia Lumia 635. Last Post: 04-08-2017, 04:24 AM. Microsoft Lumia 535 - a comprehensive review. By Ryan ODonnell in forum Microsoft Lumia 535. Last Post: 06-18-2015, 01:20 AM. Why is my screen freezing when it is locked?. By skategrizzly in forum Nokia Lumia 830. Last Post: 06-17-2015, 08:16 AM. Call of Duty: Black Ops III trailer shows off multiplayer, Xbox versions won't have timed DLC exclus. By WindowsCentral.com in forum Windows Central News Discussion. Last Post: 06-16-2015, 01:11 PM. How many Apps are installed in your Lumia ? and corresponding battery backup ?. By MrD33P in forum Nokia Lumia 730 & 735. Last Post: 06-16-2015, 01:00 PM. LINK TO POST COPIED TO CLIPBOARD. Contact Us Windows Central Top. The time now is 04:56 AM .. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. Mobile Nations 500M. Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner. 
The next video is starting stop. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Test - Prezentacja. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Jeśli film był pomocny przy wyborze nowego telefonu proszę o łapkę w górę i subskrypcję kanału. Co znajdziemy w filmie: - zawartość opakowania - wygląd telefonu - wyniki testu benchmark Antutu - pod jakim kątem widzimy wyświetlacz - jak działają gry na MICROSOFT LUMIA 640 XL LTE: ASPHALT 8: AIRBORNE, BROTHERS IN ARMS, DUNGEON HUNTER 5 - przegląd funkcji telefonu #MicrosoftLumia640XL Źródło muzyki: https://www.youtube.com/audiolibrary/... Youtube / Biblioteka audio / Bezpłatna muzyka / Hot Heat - Topher Mohr and Alex El. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL - recenzja, Mobzilla odc. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Review: The Best Lumia on the Market. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE - recenzja, Mobzilla odc. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Review | Big Battery Budget Beast. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Review (English/ Full HD) - GSMDome.com. Lumia 640XL: Camera Review - Real World Samples from Microsoft's Budget Phablet!. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM Unboxing. T-Mobile LTE Microsoft Lumia 640XL (UNBOXING) & Hands on. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Bend Test.... Lumia 640 Windows 10 VS Lumia 930 Windows 10 - Speed Test!. Unboxing of Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Scratch Test with Knife, Coin and Keys. Recenzja Microsoft Lumia 640 | TEST PL [Mobileo #112]. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Test Fazit nach 2 Wochen. Lumia 640 XL - Keys and parts. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Camera Review With Picture Samples. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. [Completed] Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Help by LucasBeltran. XDA Assist About xda-developers.com General Paid Software Announcement and Discussion Questions and Answers. Device Reviews and Information Connected Car Security Discussion Upgrading, Modifying and Unlocking Accessories Networking XDA Developer TV XDA-University Off-topic Project Ara Hardware Hacking General Android TV Raspberry Pi Hacking NFC Hacking Google Chromecast. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Help. By LucasBeltran , Junior Member on 12th April 2016, 07:32 PM. I tell them , now I have a Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE RM- 1064 , I wanted to update the software using the software Microsoft (Windows Device Recovery Tool) , the short software process halfway without notice, now my phone no signs of life , if I connect it to the PC it detects as in " State of Emergency " I have a snapshot of what the software shows me but I can not upload images to the post to be new to the forum. I hope you can help me please. Les comento, actualmente tengo un Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE RM-1064, quise actualizar el software mediante el software de Microsoft (Windows Device Recovery Tool), el software corto su proceso a mitad sin aviso, ahora mi telefono no da señal de vida, si lo conecto a la PC lo detecta como en "Estado de Emergencia", tengo una captura de lo que me muestra el software pero no puedo subir imagenes al post por ser nuevo en el foro. Espero que puedan ayudarme por favor. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Top Threads in XDA Assist by ThreadRank. [APP][PATCHED] Google Phone v17.0.184919600 BUBBLE EDITION[NO ROOT]. [All Devices] Xiaomi Firmware Updater V2 [Auto Updated Weekly!]. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [APP]NavExplorer 📁 Easy Android WiFi & Bluetooth File Transfer App. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. Doogee S60 All in One Thread (Firmware, Recovery, ROOT, Xposed). [APP] themeGalaxy DIY for Samsung Galaxy Note/S/J/C/A [THEME MAKER] [NO-ROOT]. [GUIDE] How-to Use WireGuard on Android and Ubuntu. [TOOL] Unlock bootloader in ASUS ZenPad 3S 10 Z500M (P027). [Completed] Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Help by LucasBeltran. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Forums Shop Toggle Search. Order Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. t f p i r Download App Podcast Tip Us!. Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free!. Lumias are on sale again in the Microsoft Store? 637 L950 or 950 xl ? 2018 228 Do I have a virus?! 209 Xbox us for uk 198 Finding Active Pen for Windows Ink is like doing research for PhD. 194 Virus on lumia 950? 193. Forum Phones Microsoft / Nokia Phones Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Windows Phone 640XL LTE? (4g Missing). Advanced Search Show Printable Version. I cant seem to figure out how to turn on 4G on my 640XL. The only thing i can find in the connections settings is 2G and 3G. Does the 640XL have 2 different models, were one is without LTE/4G and one is with?. Hope For fast reply - Thor. 1) 640 XL single-SIM (no LTE). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - model number: RM-1066 (source: nokiapoweruser.com). 2) 640 XL dual-SIM (no LTE). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - RM-1062 does not support USA LTE bands (unverified). - RM-1064 does support USA LTE bands (verified). - model numbers: RM-1062 , RM-1063 (USA ATT), RM-1064 (nokiapoweruser.com). - source: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM - Smartphones - Microsoft - Global. - model numbers: RM-1065 , RM-1096 (both versions verified to work with USA LTE bands). - for ATT USA, visual voicemail does not seem to work for either RM-1065 or RM-1096. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Last edited by timster01; 07-13-2015 at 10:35 AM .. there are four models of the 640 XL. 640 XL: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL - Full phone specifications. 640 XL Dual-SIM: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM - Full phone specifications. 640 XL LTE: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE - Full phone specifications. 640 XL LTE Dual-SIM: Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM - Full phone specifications. Thanks there i got my answer. Why on earth will they make a phone without LTE?. Some markets might not have LTE so making a phone with it might not work out well.. Thanks there i got my answer. Why on earth will they make a phone without LTE?. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Thanks there i got my answer. Why on earth will they make a phone without LTE?. Forum Phones Microsoft / Nokia Phones Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Windows Phone 640XL LTE? (4g Missing). « Scratches on my camera. Lumia 640 XL unlock ». Just installed w10 in my phone. By patelharshil898 in forum Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview. Last Post: 07-18-2015, 09:33 AM. My brand new 640XL has some volume issues Headphones/Regular. Should I get a new phone or is this something I can fix on my own?. By Thor640XL in forum Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. Last Post: 07-14-2015, 12:41 PM. Windows 10 Mobile New Store Feedback. By Jeff Erson in forum Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview. Last Post: 07-13-2015, 12:26 PM. By Windows Central Question in forum Ask a Question. Last Post: 07-13-2015, 09:09 AM. Windows 10 launch plans revealed, includes 'Upgrade Your World' charity campaign. By WindowsCentral.com in forum Windows Central News Discussion. Last Post: 07-13-2015, 08:30 AM. LINK TO POST COPIED TO CLIPBOARD. Contact Us Windows Central Top. The time now is 04:56 AM .. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. Mobile Nations 500M. Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner. 
