Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Quality tablet suffering from a lack of app support. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Microsoft Surface 2 has a sturdy build, smooth gaming performance, and high-quality cameras. Windows RT 8.1 is easier to use than before, and the built-in photo-editing tools and Xbox Music are fantastic features. Office 2013 is included for free, and thanks to a new kickstand angle, the tablet is less likely to fall off your lap.. The Bad App support still lags behind competitors, and Windows RT is still incompatible with legacy programs. It's too easy to mistakenly push the tablet into its lower stance, and the touch pad on the Type Cover 2 isn't as comfortable as it was on the previous version.. The Bottom Line The Microsoft Surface 2 is great for getting work done, but those looking for extensive app support (beyond Office) will find top Apple, Android, and Amazon tablets to be better options.. Microsoft Surface 2 Microsoft Surface Apple iPad 4 Google Nexus 10 (2012) Weight in pounds 1.49 1.5 1.44 1.33 Width in inches (landscape) 10.8 10.8 7.3 10.4 Height in inches 6.8 6.8 9.5 6.9 Depth in inches 0.35 0.37 0.37 0.35 Side bezel width in inches (landscape) 0.81 0.81 0.8 0.9 The Surface 2's 45-degree kickstand angle gives it better balance on laps. The Surface 2 is just as durable as the Surface RT. The glowing backlight of Microsoft's new covers. The Windows RT 8.1 settings interface includes an almost overwhelming number of options. The editing options in Windows RT 8.1's native photo app go further than what you get with any tablet app before it. The Microsoft Surface 2 is a definite upgrade over 2012's Surface RT. It's faster, with a sharper screen, and houses better cameras. If you're choosing between the older (still available) and newer model, the newer is the decidedly better option, even with its $100 premium. A far more appropriate question, however, is whether a Surface tablet in general is right for you.. There are two main issues with the Surface 2 that keep it from achieving true excellence. First -- with the notable exception of Microsoft Office 2013, which is bundled for free -- Windows RT is still not compatible with legacy Windows programs. (In other words: any old Windows program that worked on your XP, Vista, or Windows 7 PC won't run here.) Second, although the Windows app store has made some gains in app breadth and depth since its debut last year, it still lags painfully behind app stores from Amazon, Apple, and Google.. Those seeking legacy software compatibility can opt instead for the Surface Pro 2. It delivers the same overall look and feel of the Surface 2, but runs the full version of Windows 8.1 , which does work with all of those old Windows programs (once you invest in an optical drive, at least). But there will be compromises: you'll pay twice as much; lose the free Office bundle; get shorter battery life; and get a tablet that's thicker and heavier than the Surface 2 reviewed here.. Meanwhile, even at $449, the Surface 2 is pretty expensive for a tablet with its aforementioned software limitations, and there are already other viable options like the Asus Transformer Book T100 out there -- a $349 tablet with a keyboard, running full Windows 8.1.. Though Microsoft offers a better package than it did last year, the Surface 2 ultimately suffers from the same problems as the original. And until the company can better address those issues inherent to Windows RT -- and the Windows Store in particular -- this will continue to be the case.. The Microsoft Surface 2 looks sooo much like its predecessor (pictures). Design If not for its new silver-grayish backside, you'd be hard-pressed to notice the physical differences between the Surface 2 and Surface RT. The new tablet is subtly refined in a number of ways.. The body is ever-so-slightly thinner and a wee bit lighter. The kickstand now has two different angles: 24 and 45. The 45-degree angle gives it a lower center of gravity, allowing it to actually sit on your lap while you type. Attempting to keep the Surface RT from tipping over while typing on your lap was one of my pet peeves about the tablet last year, so I'm glad it's been addressed. However, the metal still does dig into your skin if your quads are exposed. Also, it's a bit too easy to accidentally push it into the 45-degree angle when holding down the power button to shut the tablet down.. For the most part, the Surface 2 can be described almost exactly as a Surface RT. When in landscape mode, there's a volume rocker, headphone jack, and speaker grill along the left edge, and Micro-HDMI, a full USB port, and another speaker grill along the right. The microSD card slot is still hidden behind the kickstand, but it has been moved down a couple of inches to allow for easier access.. The front camera gets a healthy upgrade to 3.5 megapixels, and the back camera is now 5 megapixels; both are up from "720p" on the Surface RT. On the Surface RT, you could easily see the screw heads behind the kickstand, holding the tablet together. These are no longer visible on the Surface 2; this is another example of the Microsoft engineering team's attention to small details that ultimately do matter when taking the tablet's overall quality into account.. New Touch and Type Both the new Touch and Type Covers are still sold separately at $119 and $129, respectively, but now include a useful backlighting feature. They're also thinner than before and feel a bit more comfortable when held. When they're used as covers, the whole package doesn't feel as thick.. The Type Cover keys are quieter when struck, but the keys don't depress as far, which took some getting used after using the Type Cover 1 consistently for a few days. However, the Type Cover 2's touch pad is now flush with the palm rest and just isn't as comfortable to use. Typing on the Type Cover 2 feels more accurate.. Windows RT 8.1 Windows RT -- even in its new shinier, version 8.1 form -- is still the poor man's Windows 8.1. It still won't run legacy programs, but anything found in the Windows Store is fair game. It does, however, include a full version of Microsoft Office 2013.. It's clear Microsoft has thought about what makes a good interface, which is where it perhaps went wrong with its original touch interface from 2012. Things still aren't perfect, but without completely re-inventing the wheel -- again -- Microsoft has made sensible and thoughtful changes that noticeably improve the flow and efficiency of interacting with apps and settings. Whether it's displaying tiles instead of slides in the Pictures app or including a left navigation bar in Xbox Music, things just make more sense.. Previously, accessing your array of apps was a two-step process -- swipe up from the bezel and tap "All apps" -- but now, simply swiping up from the home screen takes you directly to the array. It's a small but significant change.. Tiles can now be made even smaller than before, allowing you to fit substantially more on screen at once. They also no longer feel stuck to the screen and can be moved around much more freely.. The settings menu has been nearly completely overhauled with a more streamlined interface that surfaces -- no pun intended, but perhaps actually intended -- options you previously had to access the legacy Windows Control Panel in order to reach.. Options as simple as Sleep parameters or Date and Time settings were buried in an interface that wasn't made to support touch, especially for those of us with fatter fingers. But now many of those options have been brought to the touch interface, making adjusting settings a lot less headache-inducing.. Windows traditionalists will rejoice: the Start button makes its much-appreciated return, offering quick shortcuts to the Control Panel, search, Task Manager, file explorer, and other options traditionally associated with the Start menu pre-Windows 8.. Overall, there are way more options in settings than there were before. They're easier to find and access, but the sheer number may be overwhelming to some. Thankfully, Microsoft foresaw this as a potential problem and took action: the top level of the settings menu will add a shortcut to any recent setting you've changed, so you don't have to go digging for settings you access often.. A significant camera app upgrade; Xbox Music still great Given the bare-bones nature of the original native camera app for Windows RT 8.0, it's not a huge surprise that the app has seen some upgrades. What is impressive, though, is just how far Microsoft takes those advancements.. Swiping up from the bottom bezel while in the camera app displays a few new options, including a timer and an exposure feature that increases or decreases the amount of light in the shot. There's also a full-space panorama feature -- not unlike the one found in the Nexus 10 and 7 -- allowing you to capture an entire scene, including the floor, ceiling (or sky), and everything in between.. It does a better job at capturing the spaces directly above or below you than Google's tablets, but I either don't have a steady enough hand to stitch together a smooth cohesive picture or the app needs to do a better job at leading me through the steps of creating a panorama. I could never complete a picture that didn't look like a digital Picasso painting.. Best Tablets for 2018. See All. The promising new hardware is here now, but it’s the software to come that could advance.... Updates for the new version of Microsoft's tablet are as subtle as they come, but the.... Apple's newest tablet is a superlative deal for anyone who can live without Pro-level.... The Google Pixel C is a performance monster with a sleek design and impressively solid.... The Galaxy Tab S3 is an impeccably designed tablet with an impressive stylus and stunning.... This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Microsoft Surface 2. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
274.6 x 172.5 x 8.9 mm (10.81 x 6.79 x 0.35 in). 10.6 inches, 309.8 cm 2 (~65.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1920 x 1080 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~208 ppi density). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct. - SkyDrive (200 GB cloud storage). - Skype free international calls and Wi-Fi for 1 year. This is not a GSM device, it will not work on any GSM network worldwide.. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Microsoft Surface 2 - user opinions and reviews. battery life is great last long then most laptop i get between 6-10h depending on what i'am doing only bad thing i find about it is that t runs window rt and not a full size windows. how is the battery? does it last long like laptops? d thank, planning to purchase one instead of a laptop. At every given opportunity, Microsoft's tablet range launches a Surface-to-Surface missile at Apple's obsolete and defunct pulped Pads, ready for juicing.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Microsoft Surface Apple iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Apple iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Nokia Lumia 2520 Asus VivoTab RT TF600T. Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. microsoft surface rt microsoft surface pro microsoft surface 2 32gb microsoft surface pro 2 microsoft surface 2 64gb microsoft surface 2 keyboard. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for microsoft surface 2. Save microsoft surface 2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow microsoft surface 2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Microsoft Surface 2 64gb 1572 With Keyboard. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium with charger and case bundle. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB 10.6" Tablet WI-FI (MINT-BATTERY NOT CHARGING). Microsoft Surface 2 RT Windows-8.1 Tablet-PC 32GB 10.6"-inch Nvidia-Tegra. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Core i5 4300U 8GB RAM 256GB SSD WiFi Touchscreen Tablet. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, 2GB RAM Windows RT 8.1. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface Pro & Pro 2 Docking Station #1617 & Supply 100%Tested Working!. Genuine Microsoft Surface 2 256GB BLACK 10.6" Tablet w/ Keyboard Win 8.1. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 512GB Bundle, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. Microsoft Surface RT 10.6" Touchscreen Tablet w/ARM 1.710GHz 2GB DDR3 32GB HDD. Microsoft Surface 2- 32GB SSD -Windows RT 8.1 - 2GB RAM Black. Microsoft Surface 2 RT 10.6" 32GB Tablet PC Used w/Keyboard Works Great. Microsoft Surface 3 10.8" Wi-Fi Windows Tablet 2GB RAM 64GB SSD - Silver. Microsoft Surface Book 256GB Intel Core i5-6300U X2 2.4GHz 13.5",Silver(C ertifie. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB 10.6 Tablet/Windows RT 8.1 OS Wi-Fi. Microsoft Surface 3 10.8" Wi-Fi Windows Tablet 2GB RAM 64GB SSD - Silver. 8 new & refurbished from $225.00. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 -- 128 GB disk, 4 GB RAM, Black. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 + Keyboard - Grade C. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 128 Gb 2.50ghz i5 4GB Ram Tablet Win 10 Tested Working!. Microsoft Surface Pro 1 or 2 Tablet Black Type 2 Keyboard Tested Working w/Issue. Microsoft Surface 13.5 Touchscreen LCD Notebook (Graphite Gold) - Intel i7 (7th. Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Tablet For Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Microsoft Surface RT Model 1516 32GB Quad Core 1.30GHZ 2GB RAM KeyBoard Mouse!. 2 new & refurbished from $89.99. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Core i5 128GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in. 1 new & refurbished from $386.99. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 Grade C, No Keyboard. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 & Pro 1 Tablet Original Power Supply TestedWorking Read!. **USED** Microsoft Surface Pro 2 256GB 10.6" Black Touchscreen windows 8.1 Pro. 1 new & refurbished from $649.99. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Black (Latest Model) w/ Keyboard. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. UAG cover & Microsoft Surface RT2 keyboard. Microsoft Surface Pro Pro2 Pro3 Pro4 & Surface 3 Docking Station 110v 21" Cord. Microsoft Surface RT 2, 2GB RAM, 64GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 1516 10.6" Tegra 3 QC 1.3Ghz/ 2GB/ 32GB w/ Keyboard & AC #9081. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Tablet Good LCD Ribbon ( ARMOR ) See Details. New Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" P3W-00001 2GB 32GB NVIDIA Windows RT Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. New Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" P4W-00001 2GB 64GB NVIDIA Windows RT Magnesium. 2 new & refurbished from $294.88. NY For Microsoft Surface 2 RT2 1572LTL106HL02 -001 LCD Screen Touch Digitizer. Fintie Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4 Case - Premium Pu Leather Foli. Microsoft Surface RT Model 1516 64GB Quad Core 1.30GHZ 2GB RAM. 2 new & refurbished from $89.99. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 256GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. 1 new & refurbished from $649.99. BROKEN Microsoft Surface 2 RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium, P3W-00001, AS-IS. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. NoBox Microsoft Surface 2 Wi-Fi 64GB 10.6in Magnesium Windows RT Tablet. 2 new & refurbished from $294.88. Microsoft Surface 2 10.1 Win 8.1 RT Update 3 Latest and Greatest Update. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, 256GB, No Operating System. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 + Keyboard/Offic e 2013. Surface Docking Station for Microsoft Surface Pro 1 and 2. Microsoft Surface Studio 28" i7 2TB 32GB RAM Multi-Touch All-in-One Computer. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB Tablet AS-IS. Microsoft Surface 2 Tablet 32GB Quad 1.71 2gb Read Description. Microsoft Surface 3 Tablet 10.8-Inch, 64GB + 2GB RAM or 128GB + 4GB, Intel Atom. Microsoft Surface 3 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.8-Inch - Silver Tablet 2GB RAM. 8 new & refurbished from $225.00. Microsoft Surface Tab 2 32GB Wi-Fi 10.6in - Magnesium - -AS IS - Cracked - Error. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface RT 10.6 Black 1.3GHz NVIDIA Tegra 3 2GB 64GB. Microsoft Surface 3 10.8" Wi-Fi Windows Tablet 2GB RAM 64GB - Silver Read des. 8 new & refurbished from $225.00. Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" 32GB Tablet With Keyboard - UNTESTED. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 -Win8 Pro - Model 1601: AS-IS does not power up. Surface Type Cover 2 Backlit QWERTY Keyboard Purple Laptop Trackpad Free Shipp. Microsoft Surface 3 Case Slim,Fit Multi,Angle Folio Cover Case For Surface 3 10. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Orders above per customer quantity limit will be voided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Intel Core i5-4200U 1.60GHz / 8GB RAM / 256GB SSD. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Windows RT remains a half-baked OS, but the Surface 2 is a decent tablet. 1080p screen lags behind other tablets. So lack of desktop apps still a problem. Get the Surface 2 from Microsoft The same look and feel. Microsoft has launched its next-gen tablets, the Surface Pro 2 and this - the Windows RT -toting Surface 2, a direct replacement for the original Surface RT. The Surface 2 4G has also landed, bringing faster LTE connectivity and GPS functionality.. Last year Microsoft launched Surface as its almost-Windows tablet that almost succeeded in bringing Windows to the tablet form factor. It was as thin as an iPad, it came with a full-size USB port and almost full Office, it had a kickstand to hold it up and you could snap on an amazingly thin keyboard (at extra cost).. But Windows 8 and Windows RT didn't have a fraction of the iOS and Android apps, the kickstand didn't always hold it up in your lap and not everyone like Windows 8 enough to see Surface as a real iPad competitor. The impressive features didn't make for impressive sales.. For Surface 2, Microsoft has tackled a lot of the issues - in hardware and software - as well as improving the spec.. Surface 2 with add-on Touch Cover. It has a new screen (though not Retina Display-class), a new two-position kickstand, USB 3, a faster processor, new keyboards and all the new features of Windows 8.1 , from IE 11 to SkyDrive integration to more Snap window sizes. It's still Windows RT, so you can't add extra software to the desktop, but you still get Microsoft Office , and now it includes Outlook.. There are two versions of Surface 2; both have the 1.7GHz Nvidia Tegra 4 chip with 2GB of RAM behind the 1920 by 1080 10.6-inch screen but you can choose between the GBP £359/USD $449/AUD $529 32GB model we tested and the £439/$549/AUD $629 64GB one.. Surface 2 features a new kickstand on the rear. Those prices compare favorably with the equivalent memory iPad, and Microsoft is keen to point out that not only do you get the hardware featuring superior connectivity, but you get Office, too.. Remember; if you need more storage, Surface 2 still has the microSD slot - and it comes with 200GB of SkyDrive storage (free for two years, along with a year of free Skype landline calls and hotspot access).. Third-party desktop app support is still non-existent. Surface 2 still looks very like a Surface, with a big black bezel sporting a capacitive Windows button, angled sides and rounded corners - plus the kickstand that folds out at the back. But now the matte blasted-magnesium alloy chassis is a pale silver-grey rather than almost black.. Surface 2 is a terrific tablet in terms of specs. The new lighter colour is distinctive, stylish and probably makes the Surface 2 look slimmer - because while it's measurably thinner, the difference looks greater than it is (in perhaps the same way that the iPad appeared to be thinner than Surface RT).. But while the metal case is as sturdy, practical and finger-print resistant as ever, the grey isn't as hard wearing on the plastic bezel at the top that allows the Wi-Fi antenna to get such excellent coverage.. Our Surface 2 casing became quite marked. On our test unit, this showed some scuffing and discoloration after being shipped without the full packaging, so carrying it around without a case might produce the same effect in time.. The same marks wouldn't be noticeable on the black Surface edge. Plus, making the Surface 2 thinner meant removing the very thin lip of metal that ran along the top of the screen, between the plastic edge and the glass.. NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe. Surface Pro 2 View gallery - 17 images. Gizmag compares the features and specs of the Microsoft Surface 2 (left) and Surface Pro 2. The Microsoft Surface has been, by just about any measure, a commercial flop. When your company writes off US$900 million in unsold stock, well, that writing is on the wall. But that doesn't mean the first-generation Surface and Surface Pro haven't made some customers very happy. If you're part of that, ahem , "elite" group, or think you might be sometime soon, do you spring for the Surface 2 or the Surface Pro 2? Join Gizmag, as we compare Microsoft's second round of hybrid tablets.. First things first: just to avoid confusion, the Surface 2 (left) relies exclusively on the Windows Store for its software. Desktop apps are a no-go on Windows RT-running devices like the Surface 2.. Microsoft markets both tablets as productivity-oriented devices, but only the Surface Pro 2 opens the door to the treasure trove of legacy Windows apps.. Sizes are very similar, but the Surface 2 is 34 percent thinner than the Surface Pro 2.. The Surface 2 is also 25 percent lighter than its Windows Pro-running sibling.. If you've ever handled a first-generation Surface, then you're looking at the same "VaporMg" build in both of the new models. We're fans of the Surface construction and build, so we aren't complaining about the lack of change in this category.. The biggest external change is a redesigned (dual position) kickstand, that makes it easier to use the Surface on your lap. As a device that can supposedly replace a laptop, we'd say that's a pretty important addition. Both new Surfaces have the dual kickstand.. The Surface Pro 2 retains the same pixel count as its predecessor, while the RT model makes the leap into 1080p land for the first time.. Just like last year, the new Surface Pro comes with a stylus ("Surface Pen"), which can come in handy while navigating those traditional desktop apps.. The Surface 2 runs an ARM-based mobile processor (similar to what you'd find in an iPad), while the Surface Pro 2 runs an Intel Core CPU (like you'd find in something like a MacBook ).. The big news here is the Pro model's jump to a 4th-generation Intel Core Haswell processor, which should give its battery life a big boost over the first-gen Pro (more on battery life in a minute).. Appropriately, the Surface 2 has a smartphone-like 2 GB of RAM, while the Surface Pro 2 has a laptop-like 4 GB or 8 GB. As you'll see in a minute, though, you'll have to pay a pretty penny for the 8 GB models.. The Surface 2 retains the same 32 GB and 64 GB storage points that the original Surface RT had. With this year's Pro edition, though, Microsoft added some higher storage caps. At least in theory, these should help to make the new Pro more of a legit laptop replacement.. It isn't available at launch, but in the first half of 2014 Microsoft will start selling the RT version in an LTE-capable model. The Surface Pro 2 is going to be Wi-Fi only for the foreseeable future.. We haven't yet gotten our mitts on the new Surfaces, but the above show Microsoft's estimates. Actually, we don't recall Redmond promising seven-ish hours for the Pro 2, but the company did boast of a 75 percent increase over the Pro 1. We found it to get around four hours with typical use, so we're going with seven. We'll update after we put an actual unit through the paces.. The new Surface RT got some updated cameras, which should put its shooters in the same league as rivals like the iPad. The Pro 2 still has the same lackluster 720p cameras from the original Surface.. In case we haven't flogged this horse to death yet, remember that you get the limited Windows RT (Windows Store only) on the Surface 2, and the full Windows experience (including desktop apps) on the Surface Pro 2. Both devices ship with the brand spankin' new Windows 8.1 .. Microsoft is hoping to sell a few customers on the Surface 2 by bundling a special Windows RT version of Office with the tablet. You can run full Office on the Surface Pro, but you'll have to open your purse strings once again to get in on that action.. Speaking of pricing, these are the minimum admission fees for each model. Unsurprisingly, the mobile processor-toting Surface 2 is priced more like an iPad, while the laptop-processor-toting Surface Pro 2 is priced more like a MacBook.. Once you add storage and RAM, though, that Pro model climbs in price very quickly. We're looking at $1,300 for a Pro 2 with a 256 GB SSD, and $1,800 for 512 GB.. Since the Surface's keyboard covers are such a big part of the experience, we want to make it crystal clear that neither version ships with any of the covers. You'll have to pony up an extra $120 (Touch Cover 2, no physical keys) or $130 (Type Cover 2, physical keys) for that.. Both devices, however, are still compatible with the first-generation Surface covers. You'll probably be able to find those used or discounted, if you want to save a few bucks.. Microsoft hasn't given up on its convergent PC approach. Despite its poor sales, we were pretty happy with the first Surface Pro, and we can't blame the company for sticking to its vision. What is somewhat questionable is the decision to stick with an ARM-based Surface, in addition to the Intel-based Surface Pro. From a marketing perspective, it can confuse customers and distract from the more productive and versatile (via desktop apps) Surface Pro.. If you are considering the RT-based Surface 2, then we'd recommend that you take a long look at the Windows Store first. Because every single app you run on this puppy is going to come from there. Its selection has improved, but to say it's a far cry from the iPad's App Store is quite the understatement.. For a refresher on the first batch of Surfaces, you can check out our review of the original Surface Pro .. Ballpark battery life estimates, with typical use. Both Surfaces retain the same build materials and design scheme as the first crop. The RT model has better cameras. Only the Pro model runs Windows desktop apps. The Surface 2 is thinner than its predecessor, while the Pro 2 is the same depth as its predecessor. Display sizes and resolutions are identical. Gizmag compares the features and specs of the Microsoft Surface 2 (left) and Surface Pro 2. Neither tablet includes the trademark Surface keyboard covers. The Surface 2 includes an RT edition of Microsoft Office; you'll have to pay for full Microsoft Office on the Pro model. Both devices run the latest version of Windows. The Pro now lets you get up to 512 GB of storage ... The Pro 2 includes the "Surface Pen" stylus; the RT model isn't compatible with Microsoft's pen. The Surface 2 is 25 percent lighter. Both tablets are Wi-Fi only at launch, but the RT model will get an LTE-capable version sometime in 2014. Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter. See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning. Samsung gets its super-slow-mo on with the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Opportunity rover notches up 5,000 days on Mars and counting. In pictures: Innovation and idiosyncrasies at the 2018 North American Handmade Bicycle Show. Toyota launches a cute, cozy Proace camper van. BBC micro:bit wins first Grand Digital computer race. Samsung's 30+ TB enterprise SSD rolls off the production line. CompuLab upgrades compact fanless PC designed for harsh industrial use. "Olympic Destroyer" malware attack on Winter Olympics opening ceremony confirmed. Study finds some facial recognition systems only accurate for white male faces. Microsoft and Fujitsu enable Windows 10 login using a palm vein scan. Apple's latest patent application is for a stylus that can write in mid-air. A computer analyzing speech-patterns can now predict the onset of psychosis. Artificial synapses fill the gaps for brainier computer chips. Morality algorithm lets machines cooperate and compromise better than humans. Matrix Voice lets you talk to your Pi. In pictures: Innovation and idiosyncrasies at the 2018 North American Handmade Bicycle Show. Netflix, MoviePass and how technology is radically redefining the movie business. Gallery: Tiny homes in narrow spaces - a look at the skinny house revolution. Interview: The fastest woman on a motorcycle tells us why she hates going fast. Nireeka's sexy carbon-framed e-bikes would be impressive at twice the price. Helipads, hot tubs and high-def TVs: Furrion concept glampers get luxury overload. In Photos: Sports, tech and ingenuity intermingle at ISPO Munich 2018. 7 strange vehicles to get you from A to B. Gallery: To the ends of the Earth – the most remote hotels on the planet. Review: Hearing augmentation IQbuds turn background noise down and conversations up. In photos: Rapid aerodynamic evolution evident in MotoGP testing. Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter. See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning. Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2018. 
General Discussion area for topics involving the Microsoft Surface 2 that do not fit into more specific categories.. Surface Pro 2 going into lock screen. Feb 21, 2018 at 2:43 PM. Feb 21, 2018 at 2:43 PM. Texting between surface (windows 10) and iPhone?. Battery Immediately draining on SP2 when unplugged. What do you do with your Surface 2?. Outlook Task reminders can't be set. Display driver problem (Surface 2). Cannot access Desktop PC files over network. Trying to do a refresh! not enough room???. Advantages of upgrading to Surface 2 (from first gen Surface RT). Surface 2 battery not charging, won't update firmware. Surface 2 will not usb boot and stuck in preparing automatic repair. Surface 2 is not able to connect to wifi at home, yet connects to personal hotspot on phone?. New Type Cover 2 wont Type. Wireless card not working after reset of Surface 2. Automatic Repair BSOD Loop Cannot Boot From USB. Showing threads 1 to 30 of 430. (You must log in or sign up to post here.). Your user name or email address:. Do you already have an account?. Maura posted Nov 16, 2017. Maura posted Oct 31, 2017. Maura posted Oct 26, 2017. Maura posted Oct 17, 2017. Maura posted Oct 17, 2017. Dual monitor from my MS book 2.... Boot Surface 3 from external SSD?. RoadXY replied Feb 26, 2018 at 2:08 AM. RoadXY replied Feb 25, 2018 at 11:37 PM. Lloyd Loisel replied Feb 25, 2018 at 6:17 PM. Intranetsites replied Feb 25, 2018 at 4:20 PM. GreyFox7 replied Feb 25, 2018 at 10:03 AM. GreyFox7 replied Feb 25, 2018 at 6:31 AM. theveterans replied Feb 24, 2018 at 9:17 PM. gman713 replied Feb 24, 2018 at 8:49 PM. Hit_man replied Feb 24, 2018 at 7:06 PM. theveterans replied Feb 24, 2018 at 9:48 AM. azs , best cameras , forum surface 2 , microsoft surface 2 forum , microsoft surface 2 forums , news , surface 2 , surface 2 forum , surface 2 forums , surface2 forum. SurfaceForums.net is the largest Microsoft Surface Tablet Forum on the web featuring the latest Surface News, Tips, Hacks, Help, FAQ, and more! SurfaceForums.net covers all the Microsoft Surface models, including: Surface Pro, Surface 2, Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3.. Forum software by XenForo™ ©2010-2017 XenForo Ltd.. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Forums Shop Toggle Search. Order Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. t f p i r Download App Podcast Tip Us!. Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free!. Lumias are on sale again in the Microsoft Store? 643 L950 or 950 xl ? 2018 231 Do I have a virus?! 209 Xbox us for uk 199 Finding Active Pen for Windows Ink is like doing research for PhD. 196 Virus on lumia 950? 194. Forum Windows Desktops, Laptops & Tablets Microsoft Desktops, Laptops & Tablets Microsoft Surface 2. News, help and discussion of the Microsoft Surface 2 Tablet.. 1 2 3 ... Surface 2 - Updated Recovery Image - Dec-18-2015. last post by Moataz MoHamed1. Windows Updows keeps bricking Surface 2. Why isn't my Surface 2 Touchscreen working after update?. List of Apps no longer available in Win 8 Store. Windows RT 8.1 ESD IR5 - Surface 2 Install Guide. last post by Wolfgang Quatz. Wireless USB Mouse Not Working on Surface 2. Type 2 cover backlight not working. Is Surface 2 still worth buying?. Surface 2 as a continuum device?. last post by Keith White Jr. Surface's battery draining quickly in standby?. Surface 2 for 79� worth it. Why isn't my touch screen working on my Surface 2?. last post by Richard Light. What's filling up my Surface 2? how to make space?. Can the Surface 2 replace a laptop?. Certificates problem suddenly causing almost all internet access to fail. last post by Gamely Lounges. Surface smart cover NOT touch or type, just magnetic cover.. ONEDRIVE - how to log out on Surface. last post by Chintan Gohel. New Surface 2 no battery detected right out of the box. Is there a family history program that I can run on my Surface 2 Tab?. last post by florida makengo. New release v1.1.1.2 of N64 emulator Win64e supports Surface RT and Surface 2. BSOD :( all of my college school HM and data is on this Surface 2, what can I do?. last post by abhishek singh21. Bought a Surface 2 And Have A Couple Of Probably Simple Questions?. last post by Keith White Jr. What external DVD/CD should I look for to use with my Surface 2 (8.1)?. last post by Windows Central Question. 1 2 3 ... Forum Windows Desktops, Laptops & Tablets Microsoft Desktops, Laptops & Tablets Microsoft Surface 2. Last Day Last 2 Days Last Week Last 10 Days Last 2 Weeks Last Month Last 45 Days Last 2 Months Last 75 Days Last 100 Days Last Year Beginning. Use this control to limit the display of threads to those newer than the specified time frame.. Sort threads by: Thread Title Last Post Time Thread Start Time Number of Replies Number of Views Thread Starter Thread Rating. Allows you to choose the data by which the thread list will be sorted.. Ascending Order Descending Order. Note: when sorting by date, 'descending order' will show the newest results first.. Contact Us Windows Central Top. The time now is 05:00 AM .. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. Mobile Nations 500M. Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Electronics iPad & Tablets All Tablets. Microsoft Surface 2 32 GB Windows RT 8.1. Average rating: 3.7619 out of 5 stars, based on 84 reviews 84 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 10.6" touchscreen NVIDIA Quad-Core processor 32GB of storage memory 1920 x 1080 resolution Windows RT 8.1 OS. Tell us if something is incorrect. This item is no longer available. We're unable to show you buying options for this item.. Tell us if something is incorrect. 10.6" touchscreen NVIDIA Quad-Core processor 32GB of storage memory 1920 x 1080 resolution Windows RT 8.1 OS. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 3.8 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. I bought the surface 2 mainly because my laptop is way to heavy to tote with me to work and school. I'm a teacher, so having the surface 2 at my disposal to update class records and quickly search online is invaluable. As part time economics student, the surface allows me the flexibility to carry less physical books (thank God). Plus I've been getting more looks from other students asking me about the device. They usually marvel at the build structure and the functional keypad and kickstand. Entertainment wise, its great for watching my movies and the inbuilt bowser is great for streaming movies and watching game from my NBA broadband subscription.. First of all after unboxing my surface and powering it on, I observed constant glitches causing the swipes and gestures to freeze momentarily. This behaviour continued for about 2 days until I finally decided to give my surface a full charge.. The surface is a tad bit to heavy to function as a one handed use device and only once have I used it in portrait mode. Secondly, using you finger to browse some sites renders the surface almost useless as some dropdown menus on many sites do not seem to respond well to the touch input.. I am also very disappointed with the lack of functionality in Microsoft office 2013 for the surface 2. Many functions that university students actually use excel for aren't there. I frequently had to go back to my desktop to complete assignments.. All in all its a recommended buy if you wanna do more than browse the web and watching movies. I had very high expectations of the surface 2 as a productivity device for a budget consumer like myself and so my negatives will generally outweigh the positive things I spoke about. Nevertheless, The sufrace 2 does what I want it to do 99% of the time, with adequate battery life, 200Gigs of skydrive free (THANK YOU MICROSOFT) and eye-catching design and portability, you can't go wrong. Yes (111) No (25) Report. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Bought this for my son, wanted more than just a expensive photo album. He really likes it, and the Walmart protection plan is awesome for the price, gives me some peace of mind. Unfortunately, make sure you read what comes in the box, because they don't come with the detachable keyboard, as shown in commercials. It runs really good, can actually get to a desktop, and the office works good too, its actually kind of snappy. Awesome USB 3 port, popup keypad on the screen, and my son said there is feedback as you type as it sort of buzzes. I can't speak to battery life, haven't had it long enough so I don't want to speculate or give false answer, sorry. Remember Microsoft doesn't have all the apps I guess the others do, but if your looking for something that could be more than just a tablet for surfing, this is good because of the detachable keyboard. And, it has that video out port, that's another great feature for making it useful for doing homework if possible.. Yes (46) No (5) Report. 1 2 3 4 5 9. 1-10 of 84 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-169661783, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Watch Samsung's Galaxy Unpacked 2018 event right here!. Microsoft and Xiaomi will pair up on AI-powered speakers and hardware. Microsoft and Xiaomi will pair up on AI-powered speakers and hardware. HoloLens adds mixed reality to a Japanese national treasure. Microsoft's Mixer lets viewers buy games straight from livestreams. The ESA says preserving old online games isn't 'necessary'. Microsoft Surface 2 review: a second chance for Windows RT?. We get the sense Microsoft wants to distance itself from the original Surface RT. After taking a $900 million hit on unsold inventory, the company held a press event where it saved the Surface 2 for last and billed it as a major redesign. "Surface 2 is not subtle, but a revamp," Panos Panay, Corporate Vice President of Surface, said that day. "It is not the simple changes that everybody wants, but it's the changes people need." Those changes include a thinner, lighter body; a sharper 1080p screen; a faster Tegra 4 processor; an improved webcam that fares better in low light; and a dual-stage kickstand that makes it more comfortable to use in the lap. It even looks different: The Surface now comes in silver, not black, so that you'll never mistake it for the original.. If you need even more evidence that Microsoft is embarrassed by the first Surface, consider this: The new version doesn't even have "RT" in the name. The thing is, of course, the Surface 2 does, in fact, run Windows RT, and it has many of the same software limitations as the original -- namely, that it won't run traditional desktop apps. Given that, is it possible that all these hardware tweaks are enough to reverse Microsoft's fortunes?. Gallery: Microsoft Surface 2 review | 32 Photos. Windows Store is growing, but still has holes. More expensive than tablets running full Windows. Microsoft has already proven it makes the best hardware of any Windows OEM, but the Surface would be more competitive if it ran full Windows and supported traditional desktop apps.. When the Surface 2 was first announced, we said it basically looked like the original -- at least from a few feet away. And that's still true, except for one obvious difference: The Surface now only comes in pale silver. That's right, if you want a serious black tablet, you're gonna want to check out the Surface Pro 2 , which is being offered exclusively in that familiar carbon shade. Still, t he new Surface's more playful color aside, the chassis here is a fairly modest upgrade over the first edition. As ever, it's made of matte magnesium-alloy, which does a superb job of repelling both scratches and finger smudges. The shape is also the same: a rectangle with blunt edges, rounded corners and angling around the sides. This time, however, the Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2 are made from two pieces of metal instead of three -- a change so subtle you might miss it even if you were inspecting the device closely.. What you won't notice from a few feet away is that the Surface 2 has gotten slightly slimmer -- and a tiny bit lighter, too. This time, it measures 10.81 x 6.81 x 0.35 inches, weighing in at 1.49 pounds. That's ever-so slightly smaller than the original, which measured 10.81 x 6.77 x 0.37 inches and came in at 1.5 pounds. Still, that doesn't mean the change isn't noticeable. Between the slightly thinner frame and that infinitesimal weight loss, the Surface 2 feels more compact than I remember the original feeling. To put all this in context, the Surface is just five-hundredths of a pound heavier than the 9.7-inch iPad, which has a smaller screen to begin with. It's slimmer too , despite having a full-sized USB port in tow. At any rate , without belaboring the inevitable iPad comparisons, we're trying to say this : The Surface 2's weight feels appropriate for what it is.. Another thing you won't catch at first glance: Microsoft retooled the kickstand on both the Surface and Surface Pro so that you can stand it up in either an upright position, or a wider stance with the screen facing up a bit more. In particular, Microsoft is billing this as a two-stage kickstand. We'd say that's an accurate description: The kickstand stops at that classic, upright position, so that if you wanted to extend it even farther you'd need to apply a bit of pressure. Not too much, mind you: The hinge mechanism here doesn't feel at all stiff or creaky. But it's not flimsy, either; even if you tried to push the kickstand farther than it was capable of going, you'd never have to worry about it snapping off. All in all, the kickstand here feels painstakingly designed, and it goes a long way toward making a well-crafted tablet feel even more premium. Our only complaint: It'd be nice if there were notches on both sides of the tablet for lifting the kickstand out. With the notch on the left side only, it can be difficult to open when cradling the tablet in two hands.. As you can imagine, there are a few benefits to having a more versatile kickstand. One of them is better viewing angles, though really, the original already had a low-glare screen that was easy to read under harsh light. No, what Microsoft was really after here was to make the Surface easier to use in the lap. Indeed, thanks to that wider stance, the Surface feels less precarious when you rest it on your legs. That's not to say using it in your lap was impossible before; just a bit clumsy. What's especially nice is that not only does the Surface feel more stable now, but the kickstand also digs into your legs less because the blunt metal edge is coming in at a less direct angle. Take it from me: If I can comfortably use the Surface on my legs while wearing tights, you all will do just fine with pants on.. Taking a tour around the edges, you'll find a familiar selection of ports: the power/lock button up top; a USB 3.0 port, video-out socket and proprietary charging connector on the right; and a volume rocker and headphone jack on the right. On the bottom, of course, are the magnetic connectors that allow you to click in one of the optional keyboard covers. As with the original, the connectors are so strong that they just suck the keyboards toward them when they're nearby -- you never have to go through the trouble of locking them in, or lining them up alongside the magnets. And once they're in, they stay in. You could dangle the 1.49-pound tablet from that thin plastic keyboard cover if you wanted; it's absolutely not going to fall off. (While we're on the subject of satisfying "clicks," by the way, the kickstand makes a crisp, satisfying sound when you close it, but you already know that if you've been paying attention to Microsoft's Surface ads .). Rounding out the spec list, the Surface 2 has a 3.5-megapixel camera on the front, and a 5MP main shooter on the back, both of which have been improved with better low-light optics. We'll of course return to that in just a moment. Before we do, a quick note on the wireless connectivity here: You've got a choice between 802.11n WiFi and Bluetooth 4.0. An LTE version is also coming to AT&T in the US and Vodafone in Europe sometime in early 2014. No details on pricing or an exact on-sale date, though.. It wouldn't be a Surface without a keyboard. OK, fine, it would -- the keyboard covers are still sold separately -- but you wouldn't be making the most out of your tablet, that's for sure. In addition to coming out with some new hardware, Microsoft also refreshed its accessory lineup with two new keyboards, the aptly named Touch Cover 2 and Type Cover 2. Starting with the Touch Cover (that's the one with the flat keys), it's still priced at $120, but it's marginally thinner than last time (2.75mm vs. 3.25) and the keys are backlit. Both keyboards are backlit, in fact, but the effect is far subtler than on a proper laptop; it's not like light pours out from beneath the buttons or anything. Rather, the lettering on the keycaps will glow a bit brighter as the light around you starts to dim. It's a very handy feature to have -- though you might forget it's there until you actually need it.. Getting back to the Touch Cover for a moment, though, Microsoft also added a matrix of sensors underneath the keys that allows you to perform some touch gestures by swiping certain keys. For instance, you can swipe the spacebar to select from spelling suggestions when you make a typo. Or, you can swipe two fingers across the number row to highlight text (to delete that text, just remove your fingers). In both cases, you need to apply a good deal of pressure, which is a good thing, in a way -- it means you'll never do any of these things by accident. Still, don't get discouraged when you try it once and nothing happens; these tricks take a little practice.. Gallery: Microsoft Surface 2 and Surface Pro family shots | 16 Photos. Display and sound Software App selection Windows RT 8.1 Cameras. Additionally, Microsoft says the Touch Cover has a more rigid underlying panel, designed to make it more comfortable to use in the lap, and that the keys have better stroke accuracy too. It's on this last point that we beg to differ with the folks in Redmond. While the keyboard does indeed feel less bendy, and is fine to use in the lap, I found I made just as many typos as I ever did. To be clear, there is a learning curve here, and you will, over time, find yourself pecking away at a faster clip. But even now, after two generations of Type Covers, I still struggle to capitalize letters using the Shift key; I often have to go back and try it again. I'm no worse at typing on the Touch Cover 2, but I'm not really better at it, either.. With the Type Cover 2, none of the promised changes have anything to do with typing accuracy (that's probably because these clicky buttons were already pretty easy to use). Still priced at $130, the Type Cover also boasts a more rigid base, and Microsoft says the keys are now quieter too. As we said in our Surface Pro 2 review , we didn't have an old Type Cover lying around, which made a side-by-side comparison impossible for us. That said, the new keyboard does make a low, pleasant sound that isn't likely to be distracting while you're trying to get work done. All told, we find it easier to type on, just because it's more akin to a regular notebook keyboard. That said, it adds more heft (it measures 6mm thick), and the fact that the keys are squished so close together means you might still make some typing errors. Just something to consider when you're trying to decide which keyboard to pick.. Whichever keyboard cover you choose, both have a tiny touchpad that's difficult to use for clicking and dragging, but that works surprisingly well for single-finger tracking, tap-to-click, two-finger scrolling and even pinch-to-zoom.. Finally, there are a few additional accessories you might want to look out for, though most of them won't ship until early 2014. If you can wait that long, Microsoft is coming out with a Power Cover, a $200 keyboard case that packs a built-in battery. Around that time, there's also going to be a $50 car charger with a USB port. Lastly, Microsoft has already started selling a $60 wireless adapter that latches onto either the Type or Touch Cover and effectively turns it into a Bluetooth keyboard.. When the first Surface came out, Microsoft had to do some verbal gymnastics to get reviewers to give its 1,366 x 768 screen a chance. In fact, it really was a lovely display -- not only was it IPS, but it was optically bonded to keep glare at a minimum. But that didn't stop some people from complaining about the mere HD resolution, especially in places like the Engadget comments section. So this year, Microsoft's kept everything we liked about the display -- and bumped the pixel count to 1,920 x 1,080. In essence, then, this is the same 10.6-inch, full HD panel used on the Surface Pro 2, except there's no active digitizer for pressure-sensitive pen input. That means the quality is as good as on Microsoft's higher-end, $899 tablet; colors are bright, contrast is good and viewing angles are wide (especially now that the kickstand is more adjustable). As ever, too, l ettering and other on-screen objects look smooth, thanks to Microsoft's ClearType sub-pixel-rendering technology, which helps iron out jagged edges.. Unlike the Surface Pro 2, whose speakers are hidden inside the chassis, the Surface 2 has two small speaker grilles on the outside of the device: one on the left edge and one on the right. Conveniently, they're both placed toward the top, where you're unlikely to cover them with your hands in either landscape or portrait mode. As on the Surface Pro 2 (and even the previous Surface tablets), the sound doesn't get too loud, and there isn't much of an emphasis on bass notes, but the audio quality is still pleasant. Even the volume is still robust enough that you should have no problem carrying on a Skype call or watching a movie with a little bit of background noise. But if your plan is to fill a room, you'll want to add an external speaker to the mix.. The Surface 2 goes on sale just days after Windows 8.1 came out and indeed, both this and the Surface Pro 2 are meant to be ambassadors for this new version of the OS. In particular, the Surface 2 runs Windows RT 8.1, which, as you're probably aware, has many of the same trappings as full Windows -- same UI elements, same new built-in apps. Like 8-inch tablets running full Windows, RT devices come with Microsoft Office installed, though in this case, the software has been modified to play nicely with that ARM processor inside. RT even has a desktop, not that you'll use it for more than clicking on file and webpage shortcuts. The main difference, as we all know by now, is that you can't install legacy x86 applications on it; only apps downloaded from the Windows Store.. Speaking of the sort, the Windows Store deserves a little credit here. Officially, the store now has "more than 100,000 apps," according to Microsoft, including many that were missing this time a year ago. Let's do a roll call, shall we? When we reviewed the original Surface, we complained about these omissions, among others: Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, Dropbox, Mint.com, TripIt, NPR, Angry Birds , Draw Something , Words with Friends , Temple Run , Spotify, Amazon, Instapaper, Pocket (Read it Later), Flipboard, Instagram, Nook, Zinio and Rdio. Of those 20 apps, nine are now in the store.. In general, the catalog feels fuller than it did a year ago; you're now more likely to find what you want. Still, the selection remains hit-or-miss across every category. In the fitness section, you'll find Fitbit and Endomondo, but not RunKeeper, Map My Run or Weight Watchers. There's Yelp and OpenTable, but not Seamless. You've got Facebook, Twitter and Foursquare, but not Tumblr or Instagram. Pandora, Rhapsody and Slacker Radio are there, but not Rdio and Spotify.. On the gaming side, you'll be able to find Bejeweled , Halo: Spartan Assault , Brave and multiple editions of Angry Birds , but Draw Something and Words with Friends are still missing. Fortunately, the news/media category seems especially fleshed-out, with NYTimes, Wall Street Journal, Hulu Plus, Netflix, ESPN, ABC Family, ABC News, NBC News, CBS, CBS Sports, CNN, MTV and the AP all on board. The BBC's also represented, albeit in the form of several third-party offerings. Throw in first-party NPR and HBO Go apps and we'll be even happier. If there's one category that seems especially neglected, it's travel. Searching in the US version of the store, we couldn't find any major airline app, which is something we complained about last time too. Also no sign of TripIt for organizing itineraries, or Concur for keeping track of expenses.. We point all this out not to impugn the strides Microsoft has made, but to show how the selection has steadily grown. We can't guarantee all of these holdouts will make their way onto the platform (we've been waiting on Instagram for Windows Phone for ages now), but we have more faith in the store's momentum than perhaps we did a year ago.. For a refresher on all the apps that come pre-installed on Windows 8.1, we suggest you revisit our epic screenshot tour , which breaks down just about everything you need to know about the new OS update. For the "tl;dr" set, though, here's a quick primer. First and foremost, the Start button is back -- sort of. Not back, like you're suddenly going to get the old fly-out menus, but back in the sense that there's now a Start button fixed in the lower-left corner of the desktop. Clicking it just brings you to the Start menu. Of course, that's really just a concession to creatures of habit, since you could otherwise just press the Start button on your keyboard to achieve the same effect.. What's really nice is that you can now set up your tablet so that your Start screen background matches your desktop wallpaper. Now, again, you're unlikely to be spending much time in the desktop on RT, specifically, though it's still a neat setting to play around with, even if you don't have a heavy-duty productivity machine like the Surface Pro. Either way, it goes a long way in making the transition between the Start screen and traditional desktop feel less jarring.. Other changes: Microsoft has added some shortcuts to the on-screen keyboard that make it easy to select spelling suggestions, as well as enter punctuation symbols that would otherwise require a few extra taps to get to. The Modern version of IE 11 now supports unlimited tabs, which is especially good news for RT users, since that's all you guys have. You've now got more flexibility in terms of how you snap windows into place side by side; it doesn't have to be an 80/20 split, with one window getting relegated to a narrow pane. Wanna have each window take up half the screen? Go for it. Additionally, you can now take photos from the lock screen, as well as answer Skype calls. (Don't worry, you can't actually access your photo gallery from the lock screen, so it's OK if you hand your tablet to a friend to take a quick shot.). Microsoft's also added a handful of new apps, including Food & Drink (a repository for recipes and cooking tips), as well as Health & Fitness (a place where you can track workouts and food intake, and attempt to self-diagnose whatever ailments you may have). Additionally, Windows 8.1 brings native calculator, alarm and sound recorder apps on the Metro side. Some of the older apps, meanwhile (most notably Mail ), have gotten a mix of new features and UI tweaks. Finally, Windows search has been overhauled so that once you've got a list of search results in the right-hand pane, you can do all sorts of things like jump to specific settings menus, open certain apps or files, view web results or even play songs from Xbox Music.. Also, depending on what you search for, you may also see what Microsoft has previously referred to as a "search hero" -- a custom app that's been built on the fly, and that basically tells you everything you ever wanted to know about your subject. Search for Egypt? You'll get a mix of maps, news, images and a Wikipedia entry, all laid out in the same format as Bing News or any of the other built-in Windows apps.. Whereas the cameras on the Surface Pro 2 have remained untouched, the Surface 2 ditches its original 720p cameras and takes a big step up to a 3.5-megapixel front-facing webcam and a 5MP rear camera. In particular, Microsoft added a one-third-inch sensor to the front camera to better manage light in webcam videos, especially those shot in low light. As you can see in the sample above, these won't be your most detailed shots, but the sensor does help make photos look brighter than they would have otherwise. For context, I was sitting in my living room with the lights off when I took that selfie; it was so dim, in fact, that even the Type Cover's subtle backlighting was going strong. And yet, you can see the texture of my velvet couch, and the slight sunburn on my face.. Gallery: Microsoft Surface 2 sample shots | 39 Photos. Performance and battery life Tablet Battery Life Microsoft Surface 2 14:22 Apple iPad mini 12:43 (WiFi) Apple iPad (late 2012) 11:08 (WiFi) Apple iPad 2 10:26 ASUS Eee Pad Transformer Prime 10:17 Apple iPad (2012) 9:52 (HSPA) / 9:37 (LTE) Nexus 7 (2012) 9:49 Microsoft Surface RT 9:36 Apple iPad 9:33 ASUS Transformer Prime Infinity TF700 9:25 Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 8:56 Sony Xperia Tablet Z 8:40 Hisense Sero 7 Pro 8:28 Toshiba Excite Write 8:13 Lenovo IdeaTab S2110 8:07 Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 7:38 HP Slate 7 7:36 Nexus 10 7:26 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 7:18 Nexus 7 (2013) 7:15 RIM BlackBerry PlayBook 7:01 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 6:55 HP SlateBook x2 6:34 (tablet only) / 8:49 (keyboard dock). Unfortunately, the rear camera is about as poor as it ever was. You're still looking at oversaturated colors, poor macro focus and a second or two of shutter lag. Avoid using it unless you're in dire straits, or have been blessed with even, not-too-harsh lighting.. Like some new flagship Android tablets, the Surface 2 is powered by a quad-core Tegra 4 chip, along with 2GB of RAM. Unlike with an Android tab, though, there aren't many benchmarks for Windows RT, and even if there were, we'd have very little to compare the results to, since Lenovo, Dell, ASUS and Samsung have all stopped making RT devices. So, if you'll bear with us, we're going to be relying heavily on our real-world testing as we evaluate the Surface 2's performance. In general, apps are quick to open, and transitions between menus are smooth. Swiping in from the left side of the screen to cycle between open programs is a mostly smooth affair, though once in a while we got carried away with ourselves and we noticed a slight delay. And, as always, the IE 11 browser renders pages briskly. In the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark, it turned in a result of 406ms, which is right in line with the iPhone 5s , which notched 418ms on the same test (lower numbers are better here).. Throughout, we didn't encounter any of the hiccups or crashes that some reviewers complained about when the first Surface came out. If anything, we wish start-up times were faster: It takes about 18 seconds to get to the login page, and another two to three seconds to load the Start screen after you've entered your password. Still, it's worth noting that's a good deal faster than the original Surface, which took about 25 seconds to cold-boot. Also, though the tablet never became hot, exactly, it frequently got warm on the back side, down by where the kickstand is. That won't be a problem when you have the tablet propped up, but it's hard to avoid when you're holding the device in two hands, since the warmest spot is the area where your fingers are going to be resting.. Microsoft says the Surface 2's battery can last through up to 10 hours of video playback, with anywhere between seven to 15 days of idle time. It seems that first figure might have been a conservative estimate, though. In one run, we managed a stunning 13 hours and 36 minutes of uninterrupted video playback, though we only discovered after the fact that we had forgotten to disable auto-brightness, which is something we usually do when testing tablets, phones and laptops. We plan to run additional tests and will update this review with a final number as soon as we can.. Even so, we can't say we're that surprised by these awesome preliminary results -- in fact, we had a similar experience with the original Surface RT. That tablet was rated for eight hours of runtime, but we got more than 9.5. It's the same deal for the iPad mini, which also lasted around 12.5 hours. It's actually rated for 10 hours of runtime. Clearly, then, some companies just like to play it safe when making promises.. Update : We re-ran our standard battery test (video looping off the local disk, brightness fixed at 50 percent, WiFi on) and got a stunning 14 hours and 22 minutes of battery life -- even better than our preliminary result with the ambient light sensor turned on.. Unlike the Surface Pro 2, which comes in four storage configurations with either four or eight gigs of RAM, the Surface 2 keeps things simple. You've got but two choices here: the 32GB model, which costs $449, and the 64GB version, which goes for $549. Other than the amount of built-in storage, the specs are identical: quad-core Tegra 4 processor, 2GB of RAM, a 10.6-inch (1,920 x 1,080) IPS display and a battery rated for up to 10 hours of video playback.. Additionally, anyone who buys a new Surface (RT or Pro) gets 200GB of free SkyDrive storage for two years, along with a year of free Skype landline calls and hotspot access. If Microsoft compares the Surface to the iPad, we're allowed to as well, right? Truth be told, we think it's a little pointless for Microsoft to try and convert iPad customers. Microsoft's ads (at least the one we just linked to) tend to deemphasize iOS' app selection in favor of the Surface's USB port, a feature iPad owners evidently don't even want. T hen again , Apple dominates the tablet market and the iPad and Surface 2 are, in fact, in the same category. So it makes sense for Microsoft to at least try. Besides, r unning attack ads on the HP SlateBook x2 , or some other Android tablet with a keyboard dock would just be a waste of marketing dollars.. Truly, though, people who buy the iPad apparently don't care about having a built-in kickstand; they want iOS, and the apps that go with it. Likewise, we suspect if you're considering the Surface 2, you're probably not interested in the iPad. So, rather than belabor the iPad comparison (yes, it has more apps; yes, it's more expensive with less storage) we'd rather focus on Windows tablets. If you've gotten this far in the shopping process, we assume you're cool with the Windows Store app selection, or at least have faith it will expand to add whatever it's currently missing.. Fortunately for you, we're seeing a flood of fresh tablets -- all of them running full Windows instead of RT, and powered by one of Intel's new quad-core Bay Trail chips. Particularly tempting is the ASUS Transformer Book T100 , which costs $349 for the 32GB model, and comes with the keyboard dock in the box. (And yes, the dock has a full-sized USB port.) Dell, meanwhile, has not one, but two Bay Trail Windows tablets: the 8-inch Venue 8 Pro and the 10.8-inch Venue 11 Pro. The 8-incher is already on sale here in the US for $300 with 32GB of storage and a 1,280 x 800 screen. The Venue 11 Pro, meanwhile, has a 1080p screen like the Surface 2, and is on sale in places like the UK for £349. Really, if you're looking at the Surface 2, we suspect it's a bigger screen you're after, but just in case you're willing to entertain the idea of a smaller device, Lenovo and Acer both announced 8-inch Windows tablets this past week, and they're both priced in the $300 range.. More Info Microsoft Surface RT review Microsoft Surface 2 hands-on Microsoft's Surface 2: New tablet, same problems. There were lots of ways we could have framed this review, but ultimately, the most pressing question seems to be this : Is the Surface 2 enough to help Microsoft avert another massive loss? And is it the best Windows tablet you can buy right now?. We'll admit, we like the Surface more than we did previously. That's partly because the Windows Store catalog is steadily growing, and partly because the battery life went from impressively long to ridiculously long. If it weren't for the battery life, in fact, we'd probably put up even more of a fuss about the fact that this runs RT. Ultimately, we'd rather Microsoft make an affordable, low-power tablet that runs full Windows. Performance would be solid, and battery life would still be long, though perhaps not quite as epic as it is here. Plus, users would have the option of running desktop apps. Which would make sense if Microsoft's biggest selling point for the Surface is that you can use it to be productive. It would also help compensate for the Windows Store selection, which has made strides, but is still missing some popular titles.. Microsoft has already proven that it can build better hardware than just about any other Windows OEM. Indeed, the Surface 2 is a top-notch product. It's thin and well-built, with a nice display, improved webcam and a generous amount of storage (32GB for $449). Still, recommending the Surface becomes harder when there are other Windows tablets that cost less and run full Windows.. Edgar Alvarez and Daniel Orren contributed to this review.. microsoft , review , surface , surface2 , video , WindowsRt. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Specifications Quality tablet suffering from a lack of app support. 1 x USB 3.0 1 x headset 1 x Micro-HDMI 1 x dock. SkyDrive (up to 200 GB for 2 years). The Microsoft Surface 2 gets a nice upgrade, but is held back by the Windows Store. The Surface 2 is faster and more powerful than its predecessor, but because of a lack of apps, it fails to achieve true excellence.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Tablets for 2018. See All. The promising new hardware is here now, but it’s the software to come that could advance.... Updates for the new version of Microsoft's tablet are as subtle as they come, but the.... Apple's newest tablet is a superlative deal for anyone who can live without Pro-level.... The Google Pixel C is a performance monster with a sleek design and impressively solid.... The Galaxy Tab S3 is an impeccably designed tablet with an impressive stylus and stunning.... CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Find it, buy it and tell us how you really feel.. A good product that falls short of greatness.. A good product that falls short of greatness.. The Engadget Score is a unique ranking of products based on extensive independent research and analysis by our expert editorial and research teams. The Global Score is arrived at only after curating hundreds, sometimes thousands of weighted data points (such as critic and user reviews).. Microsoft has already proven it makes the best hardware of any Windows OEM, but the Surface would be more competitive if it ran full Windows and supported traditional desktop apps.. Windows Store is growing, but still has holes. More expensive than tablets running full Windows. There's a lot to like about this in spite of a few flaws. There's a lot to like about this in spite of a few flaws. Microsoft's new Surface Laptop | Hands-on. Microsoft Surface Book 2016 : Review. Microsoft's Surface Event in 10 minutes. Microsoft Surface Studio : Hands on. Microsoft and Xiaomi will pair up on AI-powered speakers and hardware. They signed a non-binding memorandum to team up, though new products aren't guaranteed.. HoloLens adds mixed reality to a Japanese national treasure. You'll have to go to Japan to experience it, though.. Microsoft's Mixer lets viewers buy games straight from livestreams. And streamers get a cut from each purchase.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Very good colour, contrast and brightness. Windows RT still confusing in places. 10.6-inch, full HD screen; 1.7GHz quad-core processor, 2GB RAM, 32GB storage (16GB free); Windows RT 8.1 with Office RT 2013. What is the Microsoft Surface 2?. Microsoft has two styles of tablets: full Windows 8 hybrids like the Surface Pro 2 and Asus Transformer Book T100 that run desktop apps; and low-power, ARM processor-based Windows RT tablets that come with a ‘touch friendly’ version of Office running in desktop mode, but which can only install and run tablet apps from the Windows Store.. The Surface 2 falls into the latter category and usurps the Surface RT from last year, though the latter remains on sale at a knock down price. It shares the basic design of the Surface Pro 2, but it’s lighter, cheaper and has longer battery life. What’s the real difference? Well, where Windows 8 tablets want to replace your laptop or PC, the Surface 2 wants to give the iPad Air and its kin a bloody nose by making you more productive.. SEE ALSO: Tablet Buyer’s Guide. This is the taller of the two kickstand levels. To make all this work the Surface 2 is available to buy with two keyboard accessories: the Touch Cover 2 (£99) and the Type Cover 2 (£109). Neither are included in the price of a Surface 2, but buying a Surface 2 without either defeats the purpose because the keyboards are totally integral to the Surface 2’s design. That’s why the price as reviewed above doesn’t read £359 (the price for a 32GB Surface 2) but £460, i.e. the price of the Surface 2 with a Touch Cover. That said, for reasons we’ll get into later, we recommend you buy the slightly more expensive Type Cover.. The keyboards clip very securely to the bottom of the Surface 2 and combine with the built-in kickstand so you can comfortably set the Surface 2 down on a desk and start working. It’s here where the first changes to the Surface 2’s design become evident. The kickstand, which used to have one very steep angle, now has two angles: a tall one that isn’t quite as extreme as before and a flatter one that ensures the screen actually faces you when it’s set down on a desk.. SEE ALSO: 10 best tablets you can buy. The new flatter angle is much easier to use. It’s a big improvement that makes using the Surface 2 much easier and more comfortable than its predecessor, provided you use the Surface 2 on a flat, stable surface that is. While you can use the Surface 2 on your lap, it never quite feels stable. and can be very sensitive to the angle that you sit at, so it’s comfortable and stable when sat in a low chair (e.g. on a sofa) but less so when sat in a higher position like the Surface 2.. Elsewhere, the changes are pretty minor. The Surface 2 is marginally slimmer (8.9mm thick vs. 9.4mm) and marginally lighter (676g vs. 680g) than the Surface RT, but not enough that anyone will notice. This makes the Surface 2 very much a two-handed tablet as it’s too heavy and the 16:9 aspect screen feels a bit tall and awkward when held in portrait. SEE ALSO: Best Windows 8 laptops and tablets. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Note the darkened patches along the top edge. The only other noticeable visual difference is the finish, as Microsoft has ditched the dark grey painted finish to the bare silver metal below it. This helps distinguish the Surface 2 from the Surface Pro 2, but also gives the Surface 2 a slightly coarser texture that we’re not huge fans of. It’s something you’ll get used to in time, but it lacks the refinement seen on the iPad Air.. Indeed, while the Surface 2’s build quality and design is very good in most places, there are one or two places where the attention to detail isn’t quite up to it. The plastic segment at the top that contains the wireless radios leaves a couple of unsightly joins on the top edge that aren’t as seamless as we’d hope, while the slightly darker silver paint applied to it appears to have started rubbing off on our review sample. Neither are deal breakers, but they’re niggling irritations all the same.. The Surface 2 is a tad unwieldy when held in portrait. The basic connectivity on the Surface 2 remains much the same as before. There’s a single, full-size USB port, but it’s now 3.0 port rather than a 2.0 one. There’s a single Mini HDMI output and a 3.5mm headphone output, but the most important addition is the microSD card slot. That’s because, although advertised as a 32GB tablet, after the OS and recovery partition there’s only 16GB or so of space left. Investing in a card is a good idea.. Microsoft has upgraded various other parts of the Surface 2. It now uses a Tegra 4 processor, a quad-core chip clocked at 1.7GHz. There’s still 2GB of RAM, but the two cameras are much improved from two 720p resolution cameras to a 5.0MP camera on the back and a 3.5MP camera on the front. Microsoft has added a second mic at the rear, too, adding active noise cancelling to improve video chatting performance.. The final upgrade is an important one: the screen. The Surface RT had a rather disappointing 1,366 x 768 resolution, but the Surface 2 has a 1,920 x 1,080 resolution screen. This doesn’t make this a ‘retina’ screen in the popular parlance, but it’s an important and necessary upgrade that sets the Surface 2 apart from potential rivals like the Windows 8-based Asus Transformer Book T100, which still has a 1,366 screen.. And it’s to the screen we move to on the next page…. Next Screen, Sound, Software & Apps. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Single Serve & Keurig® K-Cup® Pods. Plus Membership - for small businesses. Premium Membership - for mid-to-large businesses. 1 Hour Store Pick Up Deals. Please enter a valid City, St or Zip Code. Check item availability and take advantage of 1-hour pickup option at your store. Tablet & iPad Cases, Covers & Keyboards. Set store to pick up today. iPad or Tablet Case and Cover Type. The 'From' value should be less than 'To' value. Please enter a valid price range. Kensington BlackBelt 2nd Degree Rugged Case with Back Cover for Microsoft Surface Pro & Surface Pro 4, Black, (K97442WW). Designed For: Microsoft Surface Pro & Surface Pro 4. Item : IM13E7600 /. Kensington K97443WW BlackBelt 2nd Degree Rugged Case for Microsoft Surface Pro & Surface Pro 4, Black. Item : IM13E7601 /. Cta Digital Pad-scks Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Security Case With Kickstand & Galvanized Steel Antitheft Cable. Built-in holder for Surface Pen or stylus. Item : 2699122 /. Microsoft Black Case with Keyboard for Surface Pro 3 Tablet (RF2-00001). Dimensions: 11.6"H x 8.5"W x 0.2"D. Item : IM14M5699 /. Targus® THZ618GL Foliowrap TPU Case for 12.3" Microsoft Surface Pro 4, Black. Compatible with 12.3" Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Item : IM12Y7188 /. Insten 10" Flip Leather Black Case For iPad Air 1 2 MicrosoFT Surface RT Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 (+ 3.5mm Audio Cable) (2209321). Leather case features smooth synthetic leather and heavy duty stitching to ensure the long life of your 10-inch tablet. Leather case cover can be turned into a horizontal stand for the convenience of viewing slide shows or videos. Note: Case does NOT have back opening for your tablet's camera function. Item : 2476775 /. Mgear Accessories Double-Fold Folio Case for Microsoft Surface 2. Microsoft Surface 2 case to protect your device from scratches, bumps and accidental falls. Durable synthetic leather for added protection for your device. Overall Dimensions: 9.6"H x 7.5"W x 0.8"D. Item : 1148045 /. Mgear Accessories Double-Fold Folio Case with Screen Protector for Microsoft Surface 2. Black case compatible with Microsoft Surface 2. Soft inner lining for added durability of your device. Screen protector to keep the screen clean and unscratched. Item : 1147950 /. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Tablet Cover With Fingerprint ID, Black. Dimensions: 0.2"H x 11.6"W x 8.5"D. Compatible with Microsoft Surface Pro, Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 3. Item : 24254421 /. V7® Elite Black Neoprene Ultrabook Sleeve Case (CSE4-BLK-9N). Self retractable hidden handle gives better comfort while carrying laptop. Dimension: 10.1"H x 13.65"W x 1.18"D. Item : IM14P0167 /. Mgear Accessories Black Double-Fold Folio Case with Screen Protector Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Black case compatible with Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Soft inner lining for added durability. Elastic loop for conveniently holding stylus or pen. Item : 1147951 /. Mgear Accessories Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Black Double Fold Folio Case. Black Double Fold Folio Case compatible with Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Overall Dimensions: 10"H X 8"W X 0.50"D. Item : 1148046 /. USA Gear Universal Tablet Sleeve Carrying Case with Storage Pockets for 11.1" Tablets, Black. Neoprene sleeve will fit devices up to 11.1 x 7.6 x 0.5 inches. Weather-proof material conforms to your tablet's shape to protect it. Built-in storage pocket for charging cables, SD cards, USB flash drives and more accessories.. Item : 1186316 /. Codi C30707600 Locking Tablet Folio Case for Apple iPad 2/3, Black. Black folio case for iPad 2, 3 and 4. Overall Dimensions: 10"H x 7"W x 3"D. Item : 1020103 /. Microsoft Surface 13.5" Laptop, 16GB, Windows 10 S, Platinum. 13.5" laptop is designed for all-day performance. 13.5" PixelSense™ 10-point multi-touch corning Gorilla glass, resolution: 2256 x 1504. 7th gen Intel dual core i7 processor. Item : 24254418 /. Microsoft Surface 13.5" Laptop Computer (7th Gen Intel i5, 128GB SSD, 4GB DDR4, Win 10 S, Intel® HD 620). 4 GB memory for smooth multitasking. 128 GB SSD keeps your running programs active while your computer resumes from suspension in seconds. The 135" 2256 x 1504 screen provides a great movie watching experience. Item : 2720418 /. Microsoft Surface 13.5" Laptop Computer (7th Gen Intel i5, 256GB SSD, 8GB DDR4, Win 10 S, Intel® HD 620). 8 GB memory is ready to run powerful programs with efficient multitasking. 256 GB SSD keeps your running programs active while your computer resumes from suspension in seconds. The 135" 2256 x 1504 screen provides a great movie watching experience. Item : 2720421 /. Mounting Adapter for Microsoft Surface Tablets, Black. Suitable for use with Kraken A.M.S. Series for tablets, Microsoft Surface 3 Cyclops, Surface Pro 3 Cyclops and Microsoft tablet PC cyclops cases. Comes in black color and has shock-resistant inner padding for better use. Dimensions: 8.06"H x 3.46"W x 1.02"D. Item : 2419421 /. California Transparency in Supply Chains Act. Email Address * Confirm Email Address * Submit. Get the mobile app iOS Android. This Web site is intended for use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2016 , Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. microsoft surface 2 surface rt surface pro surface pro 2 surface 2 32gb microsoft surface surface 2 keyboard surface 2 64gb surface 2 case surface 2 tablet. All Listings - Current page. Save surface 2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow surface 2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Microsoft Surface 2 64gb 1572 With Keyboard. Genuine Microsoft Surface 2 256GB BLACK 10.6" Tablet w/ Keyboard Win 8.1. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB 10.6" Tablet WI-FI (MINT-BATTERY NOT CHARGING). Microsoft Surface 2 RT Windows-8.1 Tablet-PC 32GB 10.6"-inch Nvidia-Tegra. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium with charger and case bundle. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2- 32GB SSD -Windows RT 8.1 - 2GB RAM Black. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB 10.6 Tablet/Windows RT 8.1 OS Wi-Fi. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 + Keyboard - Grade C. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 Grade C, No Keyboard. Microsoft Windows Surface 2 RT 32GB Tablet Blue Type Cover Keyboard Bundle. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Black (Latest Model) w/ Keyboard. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 RT 10.6" 32GB Tablet PC Used w/Keyboard Works Great. Microsoft Surface 2 10.1 Win 8.1 RT Update 3 Latest and Greatest Update. NoBox Microsoft Surface 2 Wi-Fi 64GB 10.6in Magnesium Windows RT Tablet. 2 new & refurbished from $294.88. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 + Keyboard/Offic e 2013. Microsoft Surface 2 Tablet 32GB Quad 1.71 2gb Read Description. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. BROKEN Microsoft Surface 2 RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium, P3W-00001, AS-IS. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB 10.6" Tablet with Windows RT 8.1 OS WI-FI. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft 10.6" Surface 2 32GB 2GB RAM Win 8.1 NVIDIA Tegra 1.7GHz. Microsoft Surface 2 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 2 new & refurbished from $294.88. Microsoft Surface 2 Includes 2 Keyboards and charger (1 Touch and 1 Type). Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft 10.6" Surface 2 32GB 2GB RAM Win RT 8.1 NVIDIA Tegra 1.7GHz. Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" Tablet, 32GB HDD, 2GB RAM, NVIDIA Tegra 4. Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" Tablet, 32GB HDD, 2GB RAM, NVIDIA Tegra 4. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. New Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" P4W-00001 2GB 64GB NVIDIA Windows RT Magnesium. 2 new & refurbished from $294.88. New Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" P3W-00001 2GB 32GB NVIDIA Windows RT Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 10.6" 32GB Tablet With Keyboard - UNTESTED. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB Tablet AS-IS. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Silver. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 10.6in 32GB Windows 8 Tablet P3W-00001 - Not Working. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 RT 64GB Tablet. Microsoft Surface 2 32 GB Windows RT 8.1. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium (Latest Model). 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface 2 4 Quad Core CPU 1.71 GHz 2.00 Ram Touch Screen Free Shipping. Microsoft Surface 2 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 2 new & refurbished from $294.88. Microsoft Surface 2 RT 10.6" 32GB Tablet PC Used w/Keyboard Tested & Works Great. Surface 2 64GB for AT&T Desktop Tablet, by Microsoft 10.6-Inch. 2 new & refurbished from $294.88. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Microsoft's Surface 2 still falls short. @CNNTech November 8, 2013: 8:06 AM ET. The Surface 2 from Microsoft ( MSFT ) is unquestionably improved over its predecessor in every way.. That said, it's still not quite ready to challenge Apple ( AAPL ) and Google ( GOOG ) for tablet supremacy.. Microsoft's hybrid device is thinner, lighter, faster and has the same lovely 1080p display as the beefed-up Surface Pro 2. Moving through the Windows RT interface, it feels as fast and smooth as any iPad or Android tablet .. First let's look at the new covers. The Touch Cover and Type Cover are still some of the best innovations to come out of Redmond. It is amazing how thin they are and how they magnetically connect to the Surface. And this time around, the keyboards on both are much better than before.. But the trackpad is still a problem with these covers. Strangely enough, the trackpad on the Type Cover is worse than both the new Touch Cover and last year's Type Cover.. Related: Nexus 7 is the best Android tablet. Besides the fact that they're too small and unresponsive for more advanced computing, they still primarily react to where you're clicking or touching the trackpad instead of responding to how many fingers you're using.. Take, for example, dragging and highlighting objects. Instead of letting you swipe with three fingers on the trackpad to grab a file and drop it in a folder, select a chunk of text, or rearrange a snap widget , you have to hold one finger in the lower left hand corner and use another to move the object in question around the screen.. This doesn't seem like a big problem in theory, but given the lack of size and issues with responsiveness (not to mention the lack of a mechanical click), trying to pull these actions off are a hassle. That's why people still prefer to do them on PCs.. When used as a tablet, the biggest issue is the screen. The 16:9 display is plenty responsive to your touch, gorgeous to look at and fine when docked to a keyboard and trackpad. But its proportions are problematic when used as a tablet.. Related: Microsoft's latest profits trounced estimates. Most people tend to hold tablets vertically. When you do that with the Surface, it just feels awkward. It's why many large Android tablets -- like the Nexus 10 and Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 -- adopt a less wide screen. Taking that one step further and going with a 3:2 display would be a happy compromise between Microsoft's current screen and the iPad's more squarish 4:3 display.. But the screen issues keep the Surface from being an excellent, or even good, tablet. And that's bad news for a device that's supposed to be a tablet first and PC second.. Windows 8.1 is better, but not perfect. The updated Windows RT 8.1 software for the Surface 2 has many needed improvements. The enhanced functionality of the snap widgets and integration of notifications offer a glimpse at how the Surface could help to define the future look and feel of computing.. First impressions of Microsoft's Surface 2. Having Twitter or a music player permanently docked next to Internet Explorer is convenient. Stacking 4 apps next to each other in an external monitor is also nice. It makes you glad to not be using a PC with traditional windows.. But even if there are lots of good theoretical ideas, Windows 8.1 still doesn't feel entirely intuitive. Too many of its advanced features are often discovered by mistake -- or in my case, by frequent Googling.. Another big problem is how you interact with the hardware and software. There's no reason why users shouldn't be able to easily control every aspect of Windows with the keyboard and trackpad of the touch cover or type cover. But far too often I found myself going from using the keyboard and mouse to touching the screen in order to switch apps. Where are the apps? Another major roadblock is the lack of RT apps. Microsoft's app store is better than it was this time last year. Facebook, Twitter, Netflix, Hulu and Kindle now all providing their services in RT form.. And while apps are a little less crucial on a tablet than a phone, missing official apps from the likes of Spotify and Pandora and the entire Google suite really hurts. If you buy a Surface and want the best possible experience, you have to be comfortable using Microsoft's solutions for mail, messaging, cloud storage, entertainment, and reading. Related: More of CNNMoney's Best in Tech reviews. Microsoft's "fix" for this issue is essentially the new, pricier Surface Pro 2, which runs a full version of Windows 8.1 and allows you to install all the old desktop apps you're used to. The Surface Pro 2 is fat, heavy, and has all the same issues with the display size and RT apps that the Surface 2 does. It's also a boring, unimaginative cop out for Microsoft.. Microsoft must make a tough decision. The Surface 2 is the better idea and more closely resembles what computers will resemble in the future, but the Surface Pro 2 is still more functional for the time being. It seems that Microsoft is more worried about not alienating its current (but shrinking) user base than it is with winning over new customers with something more innovative.. This yet again leaves Microsoft in a weird place.. Microsoft either needs to start phasing out the traditional desktop environment in earnest or it needs to keep the two modes walled off from each other. In other words, have the Surface use the traditional Windows when it's docked into the keyboard cover but operate with the new interface when it's disconnected from the cover. Otherwise, devices like the Surface are going linger in a state of tech limbo.. The Surface 2 is not disappointing because it's bad. It's disappointing because Microsoft has this truly great idea that hasn't yet translated into a truly great product.. CNNMoney (New York) First published November 8, 2013: 8:02 AM ET. 'Black Panther' roars past $700 million worldwide in week two. More than a dozen businesses ran away from the NRA. Why companies are abandoning the NRA. Top Bank Announces 1.50% Savings Account, No Fees. This is How 10,000+ Retirees are Finding Top Financial Planners. This Site Finds the Top 3 Financial Advisors Near You. Does Your Bank Pay as Little as 0.01% on Your Savings?. An outrageous card offering 0% interest until April 2019. Spend $500 in the first 90 days with this card and receive a $150 bonus. 5 cards charging 0% interest until 2019. 7 mind-blowing credit cards for those with excellent credit. Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates.. © Cable News Network. Terms under which this service is provided to you.. 
Heavy rain and ice in the Central US: Radar. Alpacas graze at the Stargrazer Ranch in Loveland, CO. Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles. Bald eagle tends to her chicks in Big Bear Lake, California. Angry Bee beekeepers hive cam in Flatonia, Texas. Waves crash on shore in Cape May, NJ. Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2018 ABC News Internet Ventures. We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag. Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?. To save your interests across all devices Log In or Sign Up. Turn on desktop notifications for breaking news?. Your CA Privacy Rights Your CA Privacy Rights. Children's Online Privacy Policy Children's Online Privacy Policy. Terms of Use Terms of Use. Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2018 ABC News Internet Ventures. Microsoft Surface 2 Review: A Tablet / Keyboard Duo Worthy of a Second Chance. The Surface 2 starts at $450.. With the sequel – the Surface 2 – Microsoft is asking for a second chance. For $449, Microsoft has slimmed down the tablet, improved the screen, doubled the battery life and made a host of tweaks to Windows to address the initial frustrations. It has also improved the companion $100 Touch Cover and the $150 Type Cover keyboards.. This time around, Microsoft is promising the most productive tablet and the only device you need in your bag. But is it? Do those fixes put the Surface on better footing in the crowded tablet market, or is Microsoft looking at another failed attempt to thwart the competition?. Despite some cosmetic changes, the Surface still looks like a Surface. And thanks to the new Surface logo on the back of the kickstand everyone can tell that’s exactly what it is. But that’s not necessarily a bad thing.. Like the original, the magnesium or VaporMg structure and the Gorilla Glass screen give it an extremely solid build, which, as I tested last year , allows the tablet to survive all sorts of bumps and drops. Microsoft has actually brought out the color of the metal on the new Surface 2, which is now available in only a silver shade. The $899 Surface Pro 2 is only available in black.. Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2: A First Look. The tablet still has its signature built-in kickstand, though Microsoft has added another latch to allow it to sit back a bit further. It might seem like a small thing, but it allowed me to write the brunt of this review in an airplane seat with the tablet comfortably propped up on my lap. However, the biggest aesthetic difference you’ll only notice when you lift up the tablet and see that is now .35 inches thick and 1.49 pounds. No, that’s nowhere as near as thin or light as Apple’s 1-pound iPad Air and still doesn’t allow for one-handed use, but it’s a substantial improvement over the last generation.. O.K., so maybe onlookers might not notice the difference between the new Surface and the old, but they will be able to tell the difference if they look at the screen. Microsoft has upgraded the 10.6-inch display’s resolution to 1920 x 1080, making everything crisper and clearer. The anti-glare coating has also been improved and does help cut down on reflection from the sun or overhead light.. “This is not just a tablet,” or it’s “the one device for everything in your life.” Every ad for the Surface features the Touch or Type keyboard covers with just such a tagline. However, what Microsoft doesn’t say in those advertisements is that the keyboard cover isn’t included and it costs at least an extra $100 to turn the tablet into a laptop.. And if there is a reason to get the Surface, it is for the keyboard options. Typing on the flat surface of the Touch Cover still takes some getting used to, but the sensitivity has been improved with this version. The Type Cover, in comparison, has real keys and is really akin to typing on a laptop. Both keyboards are now backlit and automatically illuminate when it is dim or dark, which came in very handy in my dark coach airplane seat. For the brunt of my testing, I have used one of the two covers. They do enhance the tablet experience, just as Microsoft says on its billboards, which is why I wish one of them was included with the tablet for the starting price.. If there is a reason to get the Surface, it is for the keyboards. The most significant changes really do happen inside the tablet, where Microsoft has crammed more processing and battery power. Now powered by a quad-core NVIDIA Tegra 4 processor, the tablet ran much more swiftly than the previous version, launching apps quickly and smoothly scrolling down long webpages.. But the most improved award goes to the battery life. Unlike the previous version, which lasted just eight hours on a charge, the Surface 2 looped a video for 13 hours. I also had more than 50 percent remaining after a flight from NYC to San Francisco.. But all of that hardware advancement would be for nothing without some software improvements. Windows 8.1 , Microsoft’s latest update to Windows 8, includes some much-needed usability improvements and finally includes some easy on-screen instructions for guiding new users through features, including placing two apps side by side.. Windows 8 is a much stronger operating system than a year ago. Windows 8 feels like a much stronger operating system than a year ago, though one still confused about its identity. Am I a laptop? Am I a tablet? Jumping between the traditional desktop and the touch-friendly homescreen of live tiles is jarring and confusing. Still, Microsoft has polished up some features, including the search function, which now searches Bing and the computer. It has also added new apps like the Reading List, which makes it really easy to save an article and read it in an RSS App, and it has improved core apps like Internet Explorer and Mail. This version also includes a full version of Office.. SLIDESHOW: Windows 8.1: Microsoft's Big Update Explained in Photos. However, while the Windows Store is stocked with more apps than a year ago, it is still missing some of my go-to tablet applications, making it hard for me to feel fully at home on the Surface. While the new Facebook and Twitter apps are nicely designed, the store still lacks apps I use on a daily basis, including Flipboard (though it should arrive soon), Feedly and Rdio.. And because this is running the RT version of Windows 8.1, you cannot simply download apps through the browser. The $899 Surface Pro comes with the full version of Windows 8.1 capable of running all types of Windows applications. We’ll forgive you for being confused.. The Surface 2 is a vastly improved tablet. It’s what the first Surface should have been — a thin, light, long-lasting machine with a nice screen. But while Microsoft has been busy catching up, the competition has been staying a step ahead. Apple’s iPad Air hits shelves today and the tablet is nearly half the weight and thickness of the Surface. It also has a bigger breadth of apps and now has a free version of iWork, Apple’s Office alternative.. What the first Surface should have been. The Surface’s keyboards continue to set it apart, but with that added on you’re looking at a $550 package. Still, the Surface 2 is a compelling option for those who are invested in the Microsoft ecosystem, enjoy some of Windows 8.1’s features, and want a tablet that works seamlessly with a keyboard. The Surface won’t be a box office flop again, but it’s still not the hit sequel the company was hoping for.. You can say Microsoft’s original Surface tablet was a bit of a box office flop. The company’s first tablet aimed to offer a list of things the iPad didn’t – Microsoft Office, a nice keyboard companion and some interesting multitasking features -- but most people didn’t quite see it that way. Microsoft ultimately dropped the price on the tablet to move stock and took a $900 million write-down on unsold inventory.. Customize your news feed by choosing the topics that interest you.. To save your interests across all devices Log In or Sign Up &raquo. Does the Microsoft Surface 2 Live Up to Lofty Expectations?. + Sick of Your iPad? Microsoft Will Take It. + Surface 2: Microsoft Takes Another Kick at Tablets. Powerful earthquake rattles remote Papua New Guinea. The Latest: Large earthquake rattles tens of thousands. New Samsung phone: Nicer camera, static design, higher price. Sweeping Georgia cybercrime bill would target 'snoopers'. US Geological Survey reports large earthquake strikes Papua New Guinea. The Latest: Prices rise for new Samsung phones. Microsoft fights US in high court to protect global business. At drone fair, Chinese show off armed model likely in UAE. Dropbox seeking to raise $500 million in stock market debut. Trump aide’s 'very favorable' plea deal ramps up pressure on Manafort, experts say. Militants to apologize to victims of Indonesia attacks. The Latest: UN chief: 'Stop this hell on earth' in Syria. At least 4 dead after reported tornadoes, flooding sweep through the South. California Democratic Party won't endorse Dianne Feinstein. Ivanka Trump in South Korea affirms 'maximum pressure' on North Korea. Bernie Sanders' son considering run for Congress from New Hampshire. The controversial residents of Trump Tower. Governors skeptical of Congress, but welcome new gun debate. Democratic candidate 'disappointed' in party after DCCC launches attack. Trump's warm CPAC reception reflects conservatives' embrace. Florida governor calls for gun sale age to be raised to 21 after Parkland shooting. 'Largest-ever' North Korea sanctions a footnote in freewheeling Trump CPAC speech. 
Microsoft Surface 2: Hardly an afterthought. @CNNTech September 23, 2013: 4:54 PM ET. After losing nearly a billion dollars on last year's Surface RT , Microsoft isn't giving up on its tablet.. First impressions of Microsoft's Surface 2. Instead, Microsoft ( MSFT ) is pushing the Surface 2 with as much vigor as ever.. Last year's Surface existed in a no man's land -- slightly too big to truly appeal as a tablet, slightly too underpowered to function as a laptop replacement. This year's model offers key improvements in both areas.. While the Surface RT was heavier and thicker than many 10-inch tablets, the Surface 2 is thinner than the current iPad, and nearly as light. The original Surface's processor lacked the muscle to run Windows, the processor inside the Surface 2 promises a three- to fourt-fold boost in performance. The slightly grainy display of last year's tablet is gone, in favor of a 1080p high-definition picture.. Even the name got an update: the confusing "RT" got the boot.. Still present is the kickstand, which now lets the screen fold back to a 44 degree angle, which Microsoft says improves the experience of using the Surface on your lap.. Related story: Windows 8.1's little changes are a huge improvement. Also remaining are the Touch Cover and Type Cover keyboard cases, both of which have been slimmed down, backlit and made more responsive -- especially important for the Touch Cover, which lacks any mechanical parts. There's even a Power Cover now, which packs an extra battery for those constantly away from a power source.. The Surface Pro 2, which is more of PC that masquerades as a tablet, received a few improvements over its predecessor as well. The new Surface Pro includes a display with improved color accuracy, a 50% faster Intel ( INTC ) processor powerful enough to edit professional video, and improved battery life. But its update was far less dramatic. This event was really about the other Surface -- and fixing some obvious mistakes.. Spending a few minutes with the new Surface, the benefits of those changes were immediately apparent. The Surface 2 is much more pleasant to hold with one hand. Using the Touch Cover Typing felt much more reliable, and even intuitive. The trackpad, while still feeling a bit cramped, seemed less jumpy, and more responsive than before. Meanwhile, the thinner Type Cover seems to be a much more portable than it was last year, while managing to retain its tactile benefits.. But hardware alone -- vastly improved as it may be -- is not going to solve all the Surface's problems. Microsoft's emphasis on the Surface 2 over its more powerful Pro sibling means that Windows RT is here to stay. For newbies, Windows RT is the mobile-optimized version of Windows which doesn't run legacy applications like iTunes.. Microsoft failed horribly last year at communicating the differences between its two versions of Windows , leading many hardware partners to abandon Windows RT entirely. And while it has done well to grow its app store over the last year, Windows RT still lacks the full range of high-profile apps found on the iPad and Android tablets. Innovative apps like Paper and big time games like Infinity Blade are nary to be found on the Surface 2.. This year's challenge for Microsoft will be to convince us all of Windows RT's (and, by proxy the Surface 2's) virtues.. The good news is that Windows 8.1 RT, Microsoft's much-needed Windows RT update, is coming soon. It offers a lot of improvements for any device you use it on, but it will benefit RT devices like the Surface 2 the most. The improved multitasking in particular makes the Surface 2 much easier to use.. But if Microsoft wants the Surface to be taken seriously, the company needs to continue pushing developers into developing apps for Windows RT... On paper, Microsoft has done enough with the Surface 2 to warrant our attention. Whether or not that translates to a device we want to use on a daily basis remains to be seen.. CNNMoney (New York) First published September 23, 2013: 4:54 PM ET. 'Black Panther' roars past $700 million worldwide in week two. More than a dozen businesses ran away from the NRA. Why companies are abandoning the NRA. Top Bank Announces 1.50% Savings Account, No Fees. This is How 10,000+ Retirees are Finding Top Financial Planners. This Site Finds the Top 3 Financial Advisors Near You. Does Your Bank Pay as Little as 0.01% on Your Savings?. An outrageous card offering 0% interest until April 2019. Spend $500 in the first 90 days with this card and receive a $150 bonus. 5 cards charging 0% interest until 2019. 7 mind-blowing credit cards for those with excellent credit. Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates.. © Cable News Network. Terms under which this service is provided to you.. 
Bing Community Participation Center Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Microsoft Education Microsoft Health and Band Mobile Devices MSN Music, Movies & TV Office OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Surface Virus and Malware Windows Windows Essentials Windows Insider Program. Ask a Question Start a Discussion. Tell us about your experience with our site. Microsoft Surface 2, installing apps and programs outside of the store. On three occasions I have tried to download and install the Sabre Red Workspace app onto my surface tablet, and each time I get a response that the app cannot be installed onto this computer.. Is this a case of the app requiring more space than is available. on the tablet, or is there some other complication?. I have the same question (97). In reply to bencrooks's post on December 8, 2013. The Surface 2 is a RT class tablet just like the Surface RT.. It cannot install regular Windows software.. It can only install and run apps available through the Store. That is also why you got a free copy of Microsoft Office Home & Student + Outlook because they are also a recompiled version to only run on RT class tablets. Your tablet has an ARM processor that will not run regular x86 programs (standard DOS and Windows programs).. 4 people were helped by this reply. In reply to Muzzles56's post on January 30, 2014. The Surface 2 run Windows RT (Windows on ARM). and can install apps from the Windows. It also includes Office 2013 Home and Student (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Outlook).. It would not be able to install applications like Visual Studio or other Win32. If you primary reason for choosing the Surface 2 is a full x86 experience you will be disappointed. If you want to use Office, Browse the Web, Email and Apps. on a All Day Battery Life Machine that is more secure than x86 Windows then the Surface 2 will be. The Surface Pro 2 is a full laptop in Tablet Form. There are ATOM CPU Tablets that are less expensive (read plastic) then the Surface 2, like the ASUS T100, Dell Venue Pro 8 or 11, Acer Iconia W4, Toshiba Encore, ThinkPad 8, Lenovo MIIX 3 or 10. are backwards compatible but I don't think they have enough horsepower to run Visual Studio.. 7 people were helped by this reply. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Windows RT remains a half-baked OS, but the Surface 2 is a decent tablet. Surface 2 is much the same weight as the original Surface RT. At 676g it's a tiny fraction heavier than last year's iPad 4 (which has a smaller 9.7-inch screen) but it's positively weighty compared to the new 469g iPad Air .. In real life, when you pick it up it feels light and well balanced without feeling flimsy. It's comfortable to hold, in one hand or two, and light enough to carry around without weighing you down. And it still packs more useful ports into the case than just about any other tablet.. As with the original Surface, the power button is on the top right (bottom side right in portrait mode), and conveniently placed in either orientation. Thanks to the twin speakers, headphone jack and tiny Mini-HDMI port in the top corners, the volume keys are a little further down the left-hand side than you expect.. The USB 3.0 port, Mini HDMI and speakers. The magnetic power connector is a little easier to fit securely and the band of light around the connector is more obvious than the lighted dot on the top of the old connector - so it's easier to spot if you didn't get the connector plugged in correctly.. The most useful port is the full-size USB port, which is now USB 3; if you're plugging in a large external drive, you can open or copy files far more quickly.. And the microSD card under the kickstand is in the same place (and still lets you plug in a 64GB card) but the silver chassis makes it easier to spot. Even if you choose the cheaper 32GB model, this gives you the option of far more storage than most tablets; you could have one microSD card for music and another for videos, for example.. Network options are 802.11n Wi-Fi (with an extra-powerful diversity antenna that sees even more wireless access points than the original Surface, which can get online when even laptop PCs can't find a connection) and Bluetooth 4.0, with future LTE models expected next year.. Surface 2 specs in PC Settings. The new kickstand gives you the choice of having the screen mostly upright or leaning it that little bit further back if you want to avoid glare from an overhead light, touch the screen at a more comfortable angle or make it balance more securely on your lap.. When you pull it out, the kickstand stops first in the original position and stays there securely no matter how much you tap or swipe on the screen. If you want the wider stance, pull the kickstand further and you get the 'wider stance' support.. As with the original kickstand, this is beautifully engineered and a joy to use. It won't slip out of one position into the other but it's not stiff or awkward to use. It's great to have the extra flexibility; even if you were perfectly happy with the angle of the original kickstand you may find yourself choosing the wider stance some of the time.. The new angle definitely makes the Surface 2 more comfortable to perch on your lap, with or without the keyboard.. If you have short legs, it's definitely easier to use Surface 2 on your lap with the keyboard thanks to the combination of the new kickstand, the lighter weight and the more rigid keyboard covers; the Surface 2 balances more securely and isn't heavy enough to pull away from the magnetic connector so you can hold it on your lap by the pressure of your fingers on the keys, the way you can with a normal laptop. (Taller users with longer legs will still appreciate the better balance.). NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Nokia Windows RT 8.1 Tablet Rumored for Sept. Improved kickstand; Gorgeous display; Powerful processor; Long battery life; Excellent front camera. Limited app selection; Still relatively heavy; Underwhelming rear camera; Pricey compared with full Windows 8.1 hybrids. Microsoft's Surface 2 offers a beautiful display, more powerful processor and longer battery life, but the app selection is still lacking.. Design Display The Surface 2 gets a significant upgrade in the display department with a new 1920 x 1080 ClearType display with 5-point touch recognition, compared with the Surface RT's 1366 x 768 resolution screen. When placed side by side with the original Surface RT, the Surface 2's screen was not only sharper, but brighter and far more colorful than its predecessor's. Audio Keyboard Covers Priced at $119, the Touch Cover 2 features no physical keys, which feels strange at first. Thankfully, Microsoft included audible cues that produce a clicking noise whenever you press a key. We liked that the pressure-sensitive buttons allowed us to rest our fingers on the board without accidentally pressing a key. The keyboard cover's function row conveniently features buttons for the Search, Share, Devices and Settings options found in the Windows 8 Charms menu. Overall, we found the keyboard to be accurate and responsive. Microsoft has also added gestures to the keyboard itself. Two-finger Swiping across the Touch Cover 2 lets you move the cursor around the screen, while two-finger swiping in from Backspace lets you quickly delete large blocks of text. The gestures worked well, though required a bit of force to activate. We're not fans of the Touch Cover 2's touchpad due to its extremely small 2.5 x 1.5-inch size. Like the original Touch Cover, the Touch Cover 2 supports gestures such as two-finger scrolling, tap to click and two-finger tap. This time around, however, pinch-to-zoom has been added, along with Windows 8 gestures. Gestures worked rather well, requiring a single motion to activate despite the touchpad's small size. If you're still torn between the two keyboard covers, it might help to know that the Type Cover 2 is 0.21 inches thick, while the Touch Cover 2 is just 0.11 inches thick, making the latter nearly twice as thick as the former. Both keyboards are available in a variety of colors. Performance Thanks to its 1.7-GHz quad-core Nvidia Tegra 4 processor and 2GB of RAM, the Surface 2 is an absolute speed demon. We didn't notice a single instance of slowdown while using the slate, even with multiple windows open in Internet Explorer and several apps running in the background. Apps opened in the blink of an eye, and the camera fired off photos instantaneously. Storage Camera and Camcorder The 3.5-MP front camera on the Surface 2 offered very good performance in our testing. The individual hairs in our beard were easily visible, and skin tones were spot on. The same couldn't be said for the Surface RT's camera, which made images look too dark and blotchy. Windows RT 8.1 The Surface 2 comes with Microsoft's Windows RT 8.1 operating system. Like the full version Windows 8.1, RT 8.1 offers a slew of enhancements, including the new Bing Smart Search, a high-powered universal search that lets you look for information on your device and the Web in one shot. Results are displayed on "Hero Pages" that include anything found on your device and whatever Bing finds. Search for Kanye West, for example, and Smart Search will show you any Kanye West songs on your Surface 2, stream songs through the new Xbox Radio Music feature and display recent news articles or websites that mention him. Search for a location such as London, and you'll get the city's weather forecast, local attractions, websites that mention the metropolis and more. There's even an autocomplete button that will begin searching as you type, similar to Bing's search bar. Microsoft has greatly improved multitasking in Windows RT 8.1. A new 50/50 split screen view lets you view two apps on the screen at once. Windows 8 offered only 25/75 or 75/25 split-screen views. Similarly, you can now open two windows from the same app side by side. It's a welcome improvement, and one that should make many Windows RT 8.1 users quite happy. Apps At more than 100,000 apps, the Windows Store is slowly but steadily improving. There's finally a version of Facebook, and there are enhanced versions of such favorites as Netflix and Nook. Microsoft is also helping to build out its ecosystem with such homegrown apps as the new Bing Food & Drink (recipes, shopping lists, tips) and Health & Fitness (exercise plans, fitness videos nutrition info and more). Unfortunately, the Windows Store still trails the iPad and Android by a mile. In fact, according to our estimate, we found that Microsoft's store lacked roughly 75 percent of the most popular apps found in Apple's App Store and Google's Play Store. Among the missing favorites are Instagram, Pandora, Spotify, Snapchat and YouTube, among others. We also didn't see popular games such as "Candy Crush Saga," "Angry Birds Star Wars II" and "Minecraft." Battery Life Configurations and Value The Surface 2 comes in two versions. The 32GB model starts at $449, while the 64GB version costs $549. Microsoft's two keyboard accessories, the Touch Cover 2 and Type Cover 2, cost an extra $119 and $129, respectively. Buy the 32GB Surface 2 with the Type Cover 2 keyboard case and you'll end up spending $578. Throw in the $59.99 wireless adapter for the keyboard and end up forking over more than $600. Verdict The Surface 2 improves upon Microsoft's original with a more colorful and sharper display, snappier performance and longer battery life. We also appreciate the multitasking improvements in Windows RT 8.1 and its enhanced search capabilities. Having both Office and Outlook on board certainly gives this slate some productivity chops. Although we wish it were included, we like that the Touch Cover 2 keyboard is backlit. We still prefer the more tactile Type Cover 2. Top 10 Tablets Tablet Buyers' Guide 2013: 5 Questions to Ask Before You Buy Laptop Buying Guide 2013: 8 Essential Tips. Microsoft's original Surface with Windows RT tried to bridge the work-and-play gap by combining a dynamic Live Tile interface with a free copy of Office and an optional keyboard. However, a meager app selection and confusion around what Windows RT could and couldn't do versus full Windows 8 caused this tablet to fall flat. The new Surface 2 (starting at $449) loses "RT" from the product name but runs the improved Windows RT 8.1. Potential buyers also get a more colorful display, a more powerful Tegra 4 processor and improved kickstand. The biggest change to the Surface 2's design is its new two-stage kickstand. While the RT's built-in stand was helpful, its single position made it difficult to use the slate in your lap. The Surface 2's kickstand, however, can be positioned to make the slate lean back at wide or shallow angles, making using the tablet in your lap easier.. The second-generation Surface shrinks by the most minuscule of margins. Measuring 10.81 x 6.79 x 0.35 inches, the Surface 2 is a hair thinner, though a bit wider, than the Surface RT, which measures 10.81 x 6.77 x 0.37 inches. The weight is essentially the same, with the Surface 2 coming in at 1.49 lbs. compared with the original's 1.5 lbs.. Apple's 9.7-inch iPad Air is significantly smaller and lighter than the Surface 2, measuring a scant 9.4 x 6.6 x 0.29 inches and weighing just 1 lb. The ASUS Transformer Book T100 , a full Windows 8 tablet, measures 10.4 x 6.7 x 0.41 inches and weighs 1.2 lbs.. With the Touch Cover 2 attached, the Surface 2 weighs 1.89 lbs., and that goes up to 2.05 lbs. By contrast, the Asus T100 weighs 2.4 lbs. On the tablet's left edge are a volume rocker and headphone jack, while the right edge is home to a microUSB port, magnetic power slot and full-size USB 3.0 port, an upgrade from the Surface RT's USB 2.0 port. A microSD card is located underneath the slate's kickstand.. While watching the trailer for "Ender's Game," reds looked warmer and blues cooler. A close-up of the titular character's face was much more impressive when viewed on the Surface 2, with fine details such as moles and freckles easily visible. The slate also offers exceptionally wide viewing angles, making images and videos easy to see from 90 degrees to either side.. We were also impressed with the brightness of the Surface 2's display. At 364 lux, the screen is far brighter than the ASUS Transformer Book T100's 204 lux, and well above the tablet category average of 358 lux.. MORE: 45 Free and Useful Windows Applications. Microsoft says the Surface 2 features digitally enhanced speakers for fuller-sounding audio. And while that's true, overall volume was a bit lower than the Surface RT. On the LAPTOP Audio Test, the Surface 2 registered a low 71 decibels. That's well off the tablet category average of 80 dB.. Katy Perry's "Hot N Cold" sounded fuller on the Surface 2 than on the Surface RT, but bass was less present. That said, audio on either device was still fairly muddled. If you're going to be listening to music on your Surface 2 and want a solid audio experience, you're going to want to get a pair of headphones.. With the new Surface comes a new set of backlit keyboard covers, which include the Touch Cover 2, Type Cover 2 and Power Cover. We typed portions of this review using both the Touch and Type Cover keyboards and found them to be responsive and easy to use.. MORE: Top 25 Windows 8 Apps. The $129 Type Cover 2 trades the Touch Cover 2's soft-touch keys for physical ones that offer decent feedback and a good amount of travel. Typing on the Type Cover 2 felt more comfortable, as we could easily feel our way around the keyboard. The Type Cover 2's touchpad, however, is just as uncomfortably small as the Touch Cover 2's. The backlighting on both keyboards was subtle enough to not be distracting during regular use, but bright enough to be effective in a dark room.. Microsoft's Power Cover, which, like the Type Cover 2, offers backlit, mechanical keys, features a built-in battery pack that Redmond says will give you 50 percent more battery life. But at $199, it's also considerably more than the Type Cover 2 or Touch Cover 2.. Microsoft is also charging $59.99 for a wireless adapter that lets you use the keyboard away from the Surface.. The Surface 2 booted in just 17 seconds, on a par with the ASUS Transformer Book T100 and its 1.3-GHz quad-core Atom Z3740 processor and 2GB of RAM. That's faster than the category average of 20 seconds.. On the LAPTOP File Transfer test, the Surface 2's 32GB eMMC storage drive transferred 4.97GB of mixed media files in 2 minutes and 56 seconds or a rate of 40.4 MBps. That's faster than the Surface RT's 14 MBps, as well as the Transformer Book T100's 25 MBps, but below the tablet category average of 61 MBps.. The Surface 2's Tegra 4 chip and Microsoft's Internet Explorer 11 allowed the slate to complete the Sunspider Web benchmark, which tests a system and browser's ability to process Javascript, in just 411 milliseconds. That blows away Apple's 4th-generation iPad's score of 920 milliseconds, as well as the Surface RT's time of 1,037 milliseconds using IE 10. The ASUS Transformer Book T100 took a similarly long 1,212 milliseconds, despite the fact that it was running IE 11. MORE: Mobile Security Guide: Everything You Need to Know. From a graphics standpoint, the Nvidia Tegra 4 chip helped the Surface 2 crush the 3DMark Ice Storm graphics benchmark, maxing out the test. The Transformer Book T100, on the other hand, topped out at 15,879, behind the Surface 2, but higher than the category average of 6,382. On the 3DMark Ice Storm Unlimited test, the Surface 2 notched 13,777. That's better than the Exynos 5420-powered Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 's (2014 Edition) score of 13,539, as well as the 4th-generation iPad's 10,934.. The Surface 2, like the Surface RT, is available with 32GB or 64GB of onboard storage. The problem is, Windows RT 8.1 takes up a good chunk of that space. Our 32GB Surface 2 included 25.3GB of total storage, of which only 17.4GB was available for use. Fortunately, you can use the 64GB microSD card slot situated behind the Surface 2's kickstand for extra capacity.. The Surface 2 features greatly improved 5-megapixel rear and 3.5-MP front shooters, compared with the Surface RT's 1-MP rear and 0.9-MP front cameras. In general, images taken with the Surface 2's rear camera looked crisp and vibrant, with colors looking relatively cool. In a photo of a group of flowers, violets and blues popped, while reds looked somewhat soft.. Microsoft touts that the Surface 2's camera has improved low-light photo performance. But while it's certainly better than the Surface RT's, it's still not great. A photo of a young woman taken with the Surface 2 looked like a spotlight was shining on her face, but the image still looked grainy.. Windows RT's Desktop app brings back the popular Windows Start button. Just don't expect it to be the same kind of Start button found on Windows 7. Left clicking takes you back to the Windows Start screen, which can also be accomplished by pressing the Windows key on your keyboard. Right clicking on this button pulls up a pseudo Start menu from which you can browse programs and features, the Task Manager, Control Panel or shut down your device.. MORE: Windows 8.1 Tips and Tutorials. Microsoft also added the ability to open the Camera app directly from the Surface 2's lock screen by swiping down from the top of the display. Just because the camera app is open, though, doesn't mean the Surface 2 is unlocked. You'll still have to tap the unlock button in the bottom left corner of the screen.. As with the Surface RT, the Surface 2 also includes Microsoft's Office Home and Student Edition. A major value proposition for the slate, the software includes everything from Word and Excel to PowerPoint and OneNote. Microsoft has thrown in Outlook with the Surface 2, something that wasn't included with the Surface RT. That said, Apple and Google now offer their iWork and QuickOffice productivity suites for free.. Microsoft promised a drastic improvement in battery life for the Surface 2, and the company delivered. On the LAPTOP Battery Test, which involves continuous Web surfing with the display brightness set to 40 percent, the Surface 2 lasted an impressive 9 hours and 19 minutes. That's short of Microsoft's claimed 10 hours of battery life, but far better than the tablet category average of 7:17, not to mention the Surface RT's time of 7:43. Samsung's Galaxy Note 10.1 ran for 7:44, while Apple's 4th-generation iPad lasted 12:22. Still, ASUS' Transformer Book T100 bested all comers with a time of 12:28.. Unfortunately, the Surface 2 can't run desktop apps like less expensive Windows 8 hybrids and tablets, nor does it have as extensive an apps library as Apple's App Store or Google's Play Store. And although Microsoft's new tablet is slightly sleeker than its predecessor, the Surface 2 is bulkier than the iPad Air and the sleekest 10-inch Android slates.. For $50 less, you can get the 64GB ASUS T100, which offers a full keyboard, longer battery life and the ability to run desktop apps. The iPad Air is $50 more, but it features a thinner design, a higher resolution display and access to Apple's massive apps library. That puts the Surface 2 in a tricky position. If you don't want or need legacy apps, this tablet is certainly a solid choice, but it's not the best value in its class.. A newspaper man at heart, Dan Howley wrote for Greater Media Newspapers before joining Laptopmag.com. He also served as a news editor with ALM Media's Law Technology News, and he holds a B.A. in English from The Richard Stockton College of New Jersey.. Dan Howley, Senior Writer on. 1.7-GHz quad-core Nvidia Tegra 4 processor. 10.8 x 6.8 x 0.35 inches. Amazon Fire HD 8 Kids Edition (2017). Copyright © All Rights Reserved.. Copyright © All Rights Reserved.. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Electronics iPad & Tablets Tablet Accessories Microsoft Surface Accessories. Showing 40 of 1438 results that match your query.. Product - Microsoft Surface Power Supply 65W. Microsoft Surface Power Supply 65W. Product - Fintie Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 - Slim Fit PU Leather Folio Stand Cover with Stylus Holder, Black. Fintie Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 - Slim Fit PU Leather Folio Stand Cover with Stylus Holder, Black. Product - Kensington BlackBelt 2nd Degree Rugged Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Kensington BlackBelt 2nd Degree Rugged Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Product - Fintie Microsoft Surface RT / Surface 2 10.6 inch Tablet Folio Case - Slim Fit PU Leather Stand Cover, Black. Fintie Microsoft Surface RT / Surface 2 10.6 inch Tablet Folio Case - Slim Fit PU Leather Stand Cover, Black. Product - Fintie Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Case - Folio Slim-Fit PU Leather Stand Cover with Stylus Holder, Green/White. Fintie Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Case - Folio Slim-Fit PU Leather Stand Cover with Stylus Holder, Green/White. Product - StarTech.com Accessory Kit for Microsoft Surface 3 and Surface Pro 3. StarTech.com Accessory Kit for Microsoft Surface 3 and Surface Pro 3. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Mosaic. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Mosaic. Product - Fintie Microsoft Surface RT / Surface 2 10.6 inch Tablet Folio Case - Slim Fit PU Leather Stand Cover, Love Tree. Fintie Microsoft Surface RT / Surface 2 10.6 inch Tablet Folio Case - Slim Fit PU Leather Stand Cover, Love Tree. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3-Inch Tablet Case - Fintie Smart Shell Ultra Slim Cover Light Weight Standing, Dont Touch. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3-Inch Tablet Case - Fintie Smart Shell Ultra Slim Cover Light Weight Standing, Dont Touch. Product - Incipio MRSF-096-BLK Capture For Microsoft Surface Pro4-Black. Incipio MRSF-096-BLK Capture For Microsoft Surface Pro4-Black. Product - Fintie Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4/ Pro 3 - Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Cover, Love Tree. Fintie Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4/ Pro 3 - Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Cover, Love Tree. Product - Fintie Microsoft Surface RT / Surface 2 10.6 inch Tablet Folio Case - Slim Fit PU Leather Stand Cover, Navy. Fintie Microsoft Surface RT / Surface 2 10.6 inch Tablet Folio Case - Slim Fit PU Leather Stand Cover, Navy. Product - Fintie Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4/ Surface Pro 3 - Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Cover, Black. Fintie Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4/ Surface Pro 3 - Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Cover, Black. Product - Incipio Octane Pure Transparent Co-Molded Folio for Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) - Tablet - Clear - Textured - Frosted - Flex2O, Plextonium, Polycarbonate, Thermoplastic Polyurethane (TPU). 62 - $ 34. Incipio Octane Pure Transparent Co-Molded Folio for Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) - Tablet - Clear - Textured - Frosted - Flex2O, Plextonium, Polycarbonate, Thermoplastic Polyurethane (TPU). Product - Black Double-Fold Folio Case for Microsoft Surface 2 (87697). Black Double-Fold Folio Case for Microsoft Surface 2 (87697). Product - Black Double-Fold Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Black Double-Fold Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Map White. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Map White. Product - MGear Accessory Bundle for Microsoft Surface Pro 2. MGear Accessory Bundle for Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Product - HEX Sleeve with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Black. HEX Sleeve with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Black. Product - Surface Pro 3 Case, rooCASE Executive Portfolio Surface Pro 3 Genuine Leather Case Cover for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Tablet [Landscape, Portrait, Typing View], Red. Surface Pro 3 Case, rooCASE Executive Portfolio Surface Pro 3 Genuine Leather Case Cover for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Tablet [Landscape, Portrait, Typing View], Red. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 3 12-inch Tablet, Rose Gold. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 3 12-inch Tablet, Rose Gold. Product - Surface Pro 4 Case, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case, rooCASE Orb Clarico Clear Back Tough Case with Orb Loop Stand & Hook for Surface Pro 4 (2015), Black. Price List price $ 89. Surface Pro 4 Case, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case, rooCASE Orb Clarico Clear Back Tough Case with Orb Loop Stand & Hook for Surface Pro 4 (2015), Black. Product - Incipio ORD Carrying Case Sleeve for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 - Black. Incipio ORD Carrying Case Sleeve for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 - Black. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Blue. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Blue. Product - Incipio Roosevelt Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 3. Incipio Roosevelt Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 3. Product - Brenthaven Collins Secure Grip Sleeve Case for Microsoft Surface 3, Indigo. Brenthaven Collins Secure Grip Sleeve Case for Microsoft Surface 3, Indigo. Product - HEX Sleeve Case with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Black/Grey Chevron. HEX Sleeve Case with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Black/Grey Chevron. Product - Surface Pro 4 Case, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case, rooCASE Orb Clarico Clear Back Tough Case with Leather PU Folio Cover for Surface Pro 4 (2015), Black. Price List price $ 59. Surface Pro 4 Case, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case, rooCASE Orb Clarico Clear Back Tough Case with Leather PU Folio Cover for Surface Pro 4 (2015), Black. Product - HEX Sleeve with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Black/Gray Camo. HEX Sleeve with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Black/Gray Camo. Product - Fintie Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4 / Surface Pro 3 - PU Leather Folio Stand Cover,Bohemian Ledge. Fintie Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4 / Surface Pro 3 - PU Leather Folio Stand Cover,Bohemian Ledge. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 3 12-inch Tablet, Starry Night. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Case - Fintie Folio Cover with Stylus Holder for Surface Pro 3 12-inch Tablet, Starry Night. Product - HEX Sleeve with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Red- XSDP -HX1915-RED - Keep your tablet protected everywhere you go with the Hex Sleeve for Microsoft Surface 3. HEX Sleeve with Rear Pocket for Microsoft Surface 3, Red- XSDP -HX1915-RED - Keep your tablet protected everywhere you go with the Hex Sleeve for Microsoft Surface 3. Product - Lampo Shoulder Bag for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 and Pro 4, Blue. Lampo Shoulder Bag for Microsoft Surface Pro 3 and Pro 4, Blue. Product - LAZY-HANDS 201468 Microsoft Surface Tablet & Stylus Grips - Xl Flags. Price List price $ 40. LAZY-HANDS 201468 Microsoft Surface Tablet & Stylus Grips - Xl Flags. Product - Urban Factory Elegant Folio for Microsoft Surface, Black. Urban Factory Elegant Folio for Microsoft Surface , Black. Product - Fintie Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4 / Surface Pro 3 - PU Leather Folio Stand Cover, US Flag. Fintie Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4 / Surface Pro 3 - PU Leather Folio Stand Cover, US Flag. Product - Fintie Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4/ Pro 3 - Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Cover, Moroccan Love. Fintie Folio Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 / Surface Pro 4/ Pro 3 - Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Cover, Moroccan Love. Product - Tucano TAB-INS10 Microsoft Surface 3 Infinito Folio Case. Tucano TAB-INS10 Microsoft Surface 3 Infinito Folio Case. Product - Jack Spade Wrap Folio for Microsoft Surface Pro 3/4, Navy. Jack Spade Wrap Folio for Microsoft Surface Pro 3/4, Navy. Product - Jack Spade Wrap Folio for Microsoft Surface Pro 3/4, Gray. Price List price $ 44. Jack Spade Wrap Folio for Microsoft Surface Pro 3/4, Gray. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 36 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-184978605, DC-prod-dfw4, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
The Guardian - Back to home. What term do you want to search?. Microsoft Surface 2 review - Microsoft's second generation Windows RT tablet.. Surface 2 review: Microsoft makes progress but can't escape Windows RT. Microsoft's latest attempt to make a Windows RT tablet relevant is an improvement in almost every way. Mon 21 Oct 2013 05.13. First published on Mon 21 Oct 2013 02.00. This article is 4 years old. Microsoft Surface 2 review - kickstand with two angles. Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Compass, USB 3.0, micro HDMI. 3.5MP front-facing and 5MP rear-facing camera. Microsoft Surface 2 review - high-resolution 1080p 10.6in screen. Microsoft Surface 2 review - Type Cover 2 ultra-thin keyboard. T he Microsoft Surface 2 is the company’s second iteration of its Windows RT tablet computer, which improves on its predecessor in almost every way.. It is a 10.6in tablet with a sharp high-definition screen packed with Microsoft’s Windows 8-style modern user interface and comes equipped with a full Microsoft Office suite when work calls.. The Microsoft Surface 2 continues the very strong and solid, almost industrial build quality that defined the original Surface tablet. There is no flex in the body, and the strong frame feels like you could use it as an offensive weapon, if a mugger came a knocking.. That solid, reassuring build means it is relatively heavy for a tablet; slightly heavier than the 652g iPad 4 at 676g. The 16:9 formfactor, however, makes it easier to hold in portrait one-handed due to the Surface having a smaller moment pulling the tablet out of your hand.. Unlike the original Surface, and the Surface Pro line of full Windows 8 tablets, the Surface 2 is only available in silver, which is apparently the naked colour of the magnesium used to construct the tablet’s frame.. The Surface 2 is pretty thin for a 10in tablet, and is 0.5mm thinner than the iPad 4 at 8.9mm thick, meaning the Surface 2 will easily slip into most briefcases, messenger bags or backpacks.. The back of the Surface 2 sports a kickstand, which supports two angles making using it on a desk or your lap a lot easier than the original Surface.. Stereo speakers are fitted in the left and right-hand sides of the tablet, which are loud and clear for a tablet, making watching TV or movies satisfying, even if they aren’t truly room filling.. The 10.6in screen is the biggest visible change from the first generation Surface. It is bright, clear and crisp thanks to its higher, 1920 x 1200 resolution.. While on paper the screen is beaten by the iPad 4’s 9.7in 2048 x 1536 resolution “retina” display, photos look colourful and detailed while text appears pin sharp and easily legible on websites and ebooks – a trademark of Microsoft’s “ClearType” technology, which produces clear text even on relatively low-resolution screens and makes the text on the Surface 2 really shine.. The screen also has good viewing angles making sharing video with others easy, while decent blacks and colour range make said video look great.. Microsoft’s given the Surface 2 the latest 1.7GHz Nvidia Tegra 4 quad-core processor, which provides plenty of multi-tasking and general processing power to make sure Windows RT 8.1 runs smoothly.. Web browsing, Office duties, listening to music, watching video and browsing pictures are all fluid and lag-free, even with multiple tabs and apps open simultaneously. The only slight bit of lag I experienced in my testing was during app installs, which is a common issue with tablets, phones and computers based around the relatively low-power ARM processors like the Tegra 4.. Like any other ARM-based tablet such as the iPad or Google’s Nexus 10 Android tablet, the Surface 2 instantly wakes from sleep, and boots from completely turned off in seconds.. The touchscreen is responsive and accurate, although it will only recognise five-points of contact at any one time – more than enough for almost all uses.. Unlike most other tablets like the iPad or Google’s Nexus line, the Surface 2 comes with a full-sized USB 3.0 port, which makes connecting to external devices and storage as easy as it is on a desktop or laptop computer.. The Surface 2 can connect to your TV or monitor to display movies or make it second screen for work, but you’ll need an uncommon micro HDMI to HDMI cable to do it.. Battery life is rated at around 10 hours of video playback, which by my testing seems accurate. Microsoft also reckons that the Surface 2 will manage between seven and 15 days standby – a 25% improvement over the Surface 2.. The Surface 2 runs Microsoft’s latest version of Windows RT 8.1, a small feature update on the previous iteration of Windows RT, which shipped on the original Surface tablet.. Windows RT 8.1 includes all the features and additions that Microsoft recently shipped in. Windows 8.1 , and looks and behaves exactly the same as Microsoft’s full desktop operating system.. For a rundown of the modifications and enhancements Microsoft's made to Windows 8.1, read our full Windows 8.1 review. The only thing that Windows RT does not do, which is certainly large limiting factor, is run full Windows applications. That means RT is not capable of running applications like Adobe Photoshop, any web browser other than Internet Explorer, music software like iTunes, as well as syncing cloud-storage services such as Dropbox.. Windows RT relies on applications downloaded from the Windows Store. Some of these, like Dropbox, have feature-limited versions available from the Windows Store, but they often pale in comparison to their full Windows desktop experiences.. Microsoft has included a full Windows RT conversion of its Office suite, which looks and behaves exactly like the latest version of Office on desktop Windows. Windows RT 8.1 even includes a full version of Outlook for accessing your work email, address book, calendar and contacts.. For the most part Windows RT works very well. Its touch-driven interface suits a 10in tablet screen, with big, bold icons to on which to tap.. Most tasks are completed by swiping gestures, with hidden bars for things like browser tabs and the address bar accessible with a swipe up from the bottom. Likewise the options menus with settings and search are accessible with a swipe from the right-hand side of the screen.. Once you understand that menus and actions are hidden off the edges of the screen, the interface becomes fairly intuitive, and makes good use of the screen real estate available on a 10in screen.. Since Windows RT 8, Microsoft’s added better window management, which makes multi-tasking on the Surface 2 a really great experience.. Up to three Windows can be open and on-screen at any one time, arranged in resizable panes arranged side-by-side when the tablet is held in landscape. It means, for instance, that you can be browsing the internet while still having your Twitter feed accessible at a glance on one side of the screen.. Likewise, if you’re reading email, you can launch attached photos directly into the photo browser in another pane and still see your email while you flick through them.. It’s a very solid, and effortless experience. Some windows come pre-defined with an optimum width when launched, but they’re all resizable by just dragging the vertical bars separating each app on the screen.. Microsoft has improved the cameras on the Surface 2 dramatically. The rear 5-megapixel camera shoots decent, if not spectacular photos.. The front-facing 3.5-megapixel camera has vastly improved low-light performance. The result is that Skype video chats look great in the kind of poor lighting conditions you get in homes.. The Surface 2 has a range of accessories of which the black, backlit Touch Cover 2 is the most notable.. Unfortunately it doesn’t come in the box with the Surface 2, but extends the usability of the tablet by providing a full sized touch keyboard and attaches to the bottom of the Surface 2 by a strong magnetic clasp.. The keys are touch-sensitive, and while they don’t actually move when hit by your fingers, provide enough tactile feedback to allow for touch-typing.. Below the keyboard is a trackpad, for when touching the screen isn’t accurate enough or you need a traditional mousing setup for productivity like selecting text.. When not in use the Touch Cover 2 provides a hard cover for the screen, and will automatically put the Surface 2 to sleep. It’s only 2.75mm thin, so won’t add bulk to the tablet.. Microsoft will also offer the Type Cover 2, which acts like the Touch Cover 2, but has slim-profile traditional Chiclet keyboard keys with a very small amount of travel, and the Power Cover, which adds a battery to the Type Cover 2 to extend the battery life of the Surface 2.. The Surface 2 comes in two storage variants: 32GB of built-in storage for £359 or 64GB of storage for £439. The tablet also has a microSD card slot that will accept cards up to 64GB for additional storage.. The Microsoft Surface 2 is a marked improvement over the original Surface. Its faster processor, increased battery life and dramatically improved screen make the Surface 2 a compelling option.. The biggest problem with the Surface 2 is its operating system. Windows RT looks and operates like Windows but without access to the large legacy software library. The Windows Store has over 100,000 apps available, but many of those apps are poor imitations of their full desktop Windows counterparts.. Microsoft has, however, developed Windows RT versions of its Office productivity suite including Outlook, which look and operate identically to the full Windows variants of Office and come included free with the Surface 2.. Overall, the Surface 2 is a solid tablet and is a good option for those that spend most of their time interacting with Office or a web browser.. Microsoft Office as standard, solid build, great screen, decent battery life. Windows RT, lack of apps, heavy, Touch Cover 2 doesn't come as standard.. Microsoft Surface 2 and Microsoft Surface Pro 2 review - video. Microsoft Surface 2 and Microsoft Surface Pro 2 review - video. The Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2 are the latest generation of Microsoft's line of tablets. But how do they stand up to other Android tablets and the recently released iPad Air?. Which tablet computer is right for you?. Which tablet computer is right for you?. Samuel Gibbs: Apple is launching its latest iPad into a market flooded with different tablets. Here's a brief guide to what you can buy and what they do. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 review: powerful, but too forward-thinking. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 review: powerful, but too forward-thinking. Samuel Gibbs: the Surface Pro 2 A powerful half-way house tablet-laptop hybrid that's improved by Windows 8.1, but is still desperately searching for an excuse to exist. New iPad, iPad mini expected at Apple event on 22 October. New iPad, iPad mini expected at Apple event on 22 October. Invitation to event says 'We still have a lot to cover' as company is expected to unveil high-resolution iPad mini, new iPad and give dates for Mac Pros and 'Mavericks' software. Tesco Hudl tablet review: a lot of tablet for your money. Tesco Hudl tablet review: a lot of tablet for your money. Apple's new iPads: the leaks and the tweaks. Apple's new iPads: the leaks and the tweaks. Apple iPad Air review roundup: latest tablet wins rave reviews. Apple iPad Air review roundup: latest tablet wins rave reviews. Argos MyTablet review: cheap, nasty and frustrating to use. Argos MyTablet review: cheap, nasty and frustrating to use. © 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Windows RT powered slates to get some features from Windows 10. posted: 25 Jan 2015, 18:40. Despite talk that Windows RT had passed away of natural causes, tablets powered by the OS, including the Microsoft Surface slabs, will receive some features belonging to Windows 10. That comes from a report published on Sunday.... Microsoft Store employee answers your questions about Windows Phone and the Microsoft Surface tablet. posted: 18 Oct 2014, 11:16. What's great about a Windows Phone? According to a video shot by Microsoft, Cortana is one of the favorite "perks" of using a Windows Phone. This series of videos, called hashtag.... Microsoft to announce the Surface 3 before the holidays, reportedly has a Surface Mini in the pipeline. posted: 06 Oct 2014, 04:37. Throughout the current year, we've been occasionally hearing that Microsoft is prepping a new Surface tablet, which will allegedly be revealed sometime this fall. Prices slashed by $100 on Microsoft Surface 2 models. posted: 25 Aug 2014, 02:37. If you're still looking for a tablet for the new school year, here is sone great news. The Microsoft Surface 2 price has been cut by Microsoft. The 32GB model is now $349, and the 64GB variant is $449. If you want a 64GB version of the.... SEC filing reveals Microsoft loses money on each Microsoft Surface tablet sold. posted: 30 Apr 2014, 05:01. Last week, Microsoft reported its Q1 earnings, and filed the appropriate papers with the SEC. A look at the document revealed that the Microsoft Surface has yet to sell in the volume necessary for the tablet.... "Ears" let you hear your Microsoft Surface speakers better. posted: 06 Apr 2014, 21:15. Having trouble hearing the sound on your Microsoft Surface tablet, even with the volume turned all the way up? A simple accessory called "Ears" can help solve that problem. "Ears" are small silicone pieces that fit over the top.... Microsoft 86's the Wireless Keyboard Adapter for the Microsoft Surface. posted: 27 Mar 2014, 00:53. Microsoft has killed off the Wireless Keyboard Adapter for the Microsoft Surface. The cylinder shaped accessory allows the tablet and the Surface Type or Surface Touch Cover to connect from 30 feet away. Microsoft flips 12-year girl from wanting an Apple iPad to buying a Microsoft Surface 2. posted: 23 Mar 2014, 15:40. Here is an interesting little story. A 12-year old girl recently put together a presentation showing the reasons why she should buy an Apple iPad. Her father tweeted the Microsoft Surface team.... Microsoft Surface Power Cover with embedded battery available for pre-order. posted: 11 Mar 2014, 00:28. Microsoft is now taking pre-orders for the Microsoft Surface Power Cover. Priced at $199.99, the accessory will ship starting on March 19th. The Power Cover is equipped with an embedded battery that is supposed.... Pricing leaks for AT&T's 64GB Microsoft Surface 2 with LTE connectivity. posted: 10 Mar 2014, 23:46. Pricing has leaked for the 64GB Microsoft Surface 2 with LTE connectivity, for AT&T. According to a published report on Monday night, the slate will be offered for $679. That compares to a price of $549 for the.... Wireless Display Adapter for Microsoft Surface visits the FCC. posted: 05 Mar 2014, 01:23. It appears that Microsoft is planning on releasing an HDMI dongle for the Microsoft Surface tablet that will allow images on the slate's screen to be viewed on a larger screen, like a television display. FCC receives a visit from LTE enabled Microsoft Surface 2, bound for AT&T?. posted: 20 Feb 2014, 00:52. If you've been dying for a Microsoft Surface 2 with LTE connectivity, we have some good news for you. A version of the tablet found to have paid a visit with the FCC, was equipped with accessibility to AT&T's.... Microsoft earns $6.56 billion for its fiscal second quarter; revenue from Surface doubles. posted: 23 Jan 2014, 17:16. Microsoft reported its fiscal second quarter earnings on Thursday, and nary a peep was made about Windows Phone. Microsoft did do some bragging about its Microsoft Surface tablet. Microsoft Surface 2 update exterminates bugs. posted: 19 Jan 2014, 19:24. Back on December 10th, Microsoft issued a firmware update for the Microsoft Surface 2 but had to pull it not too long afterwards because it led to issues with the tablet. At the time, Microsoft said that it would try again to send out the update.... Display Mate rates the screen on the Nokia Lumia 2520 above the display on the Microsoft Surface 2. posted: 10 Dec 2013, 23:09. Display Mate recently ran a head-to-head comparison off the screens on the Nokia Lumia 2520 and the Microsoft Surface 2. The latter tablet has moved up to an FHD display of 1920 x.... Did Microsoft post a deceptive video ad for its tablet accessory bundles?. posted: 08 Dec 2013, 00:40. At Microsoft's brick and mortar stores, the software giant is running a 12 Days of Deals sales. The 12 days start on Monday with a sale on the Dell Venue 8 Pro priced at $199 ($99 for the first 20 customers)..... Microsoft Surface 2 and Microsoft Surface Pro 2 are both affected by overheating and dim screens. posted: 28 Nov 2013, 14:35. Both new Microsoft Surface tablets are suffering through the same problem. Some units of the Microsoft Surface 2 and the Microsoft Surface Pro 2 are running into issues with overheating.This.... Microsoft Surface 2 generates more interest than its predecessor did last year. posted: 28 Nov 2013, 01:13. Based on Google Trends for Search data relating to the four Microsoft Surface devices that have been released, the Surface 2 is the most searched among the Microsoft Surface RT, Microsoft Surface Pro, Microsoft.... Microsoft turns aim to Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 in latest Microsoft Surface 2 ad. posted: 27 Nov 2013, 20:02. Just the other day, we showed you a new commercial from Microsoft that praised the Microsoft Surface 2 and made fun of the Apple iPad Air's lack of a USB port. On Wednesday, it was the Samsung Galaxy.... Microsoft continues iPad dissing campaign with latest Surface ads. posted: 27 Nov 2013, 05:00. Microsoft is showing no signs of slowing down in its increasingly aggressive marketing onslaught, and the latest pair of Surface ads dissing the iPad is a testament to that.. $320 Buy. Windows RT powered slates to get some features from Windows 10. Microsoft Store employee answers your questions about Windows Phone and the Microsoft Surface tablet. Microsoft to announce the Surface 3 before the holidays, reportedly has a Surface Mini in the pipeline. Prices slashed by $100 on Microsoft Surface 2 models. SEC filing reveals Microsoft loses money on each Microsoft Surface tablet sold. "Ears" let you hear your Microsoft Surface speakers better. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Microsoft Surface 2 Manual / User Guide. This is the official Microsoft Surface 2 User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see our Specs page.. Please enter the Captcha on the left and click. You must click on the checkbox above, before proceeding.. Microsoft Surface 2 is a new tablet that comes to succeed last year's Surface RT. That's right, Microsoft is keeping Windows RT around, and so the Surface 2 will be powered by the updated Windows RT 8.1 OS.. Rather than treating us to some kind of a complete redesign, Microsoft is keeping all the good stuff about the Surface RT and has upgraded the device where necessary. With a slightly thinner and lighter design, the Surface 2 will also sport a much better 10.6" screen, upping the resolution from 1366 x 768 pixels to 1920 x 1080 pixels - a much-needed improvement. Under the hood, the Surface 2 will be powered by the new Tegra 4 chipset (the Surface RT had Tegra 3). Unfortunately, Tegra 4 hasn't seen much spotlight as far as smartphones are concerned, but it's slowly and steadily grabbing chunks of market share when it comes to tablets.. A nice extra that Microsoft is going to bundle with the Surface 2 is called "Best of Skype". Basically, new Surface 2 owners will gain access to one year of free Skype Wi-Fi hotspots, as well as one year of free international Skype calls. What's more, users will also get 200 GB of free Skydrive storage.. $320 Buy. Windows RT powered slates to get some features from Windows 10. Microsoft Store employee answers your questions about Windows Phone and the Microsoft Surface tablet. Microsoft to announce the Surface 3 before the holidays, reportedly has a Surface Mini in the pipeline. Prices slashed by $100 on Microsoft Surface 2 models. SEC filing reveals Microsoft loses money on each Microsoft Surface tablet sold. "Ears" let you hear your Microsoft Surface speakers better. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
1.7 GHz Cortex A15 quad core with power saving 5th core. GB available) internal storage [2] and a microSD card reader (Cards up to 64GB). cm) 1920×1080 px(208 ppi ) ClearType HD screen with 16:9 aspect ratio. 72 GeForce graphics cores (24 vertex shaders + 48 pixel shaders) [3]. Dolby Digital Plus stereo speakers [4]. 5-point multi-touch screen , dual microphones for noise cancellation, 3-axis accelerometer , 3-axis gyroscope , compass , ambient light sensor, GPS (with cellular model). 2×2 MIMO Wi-Fi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n ), Bluetooth 4.0 , full-size USB 3.0 , HD Video Out (micro HDMI) , 4G LTE (with cellular model). Windows Store , OneDrive , Xbox Music , Xbox Games , Xbox Video. This article is part of a series on the. This article is about 2nd generation of the Surface line in the Microsoft Surface series. For the 2nd generation tablet in the Pro line based on Windows 8 Pro, see Surface Pro 2 .. Surface 2 is a Surface-series Windows RT hybrid tablet computer created by Microsoft. It was unveiled on September 23, 2013, and released on October 22, 2013 and is the successor to the original Surface. As of January 2015, Microsoft no longer manufactures Surface 2, but will provide security updates for the device until 2023. Pre-orders for the Surface 2 were opened on September 24, 2013, and the device was released on October 22, 2013. As value-added services , the Surface 2 includes 200 GB of additional OneDrive storage for 2 years, and 1 year of free Skype calls to landlines and access to Skype WiFi hotspots. In January 2015, after its stock sold out on Microsoft Store online, Microsoft confirmed that it had discontinued further production of Surface 2. [1] After Surface 2, the Nokia Lumia 2520 was the only remaining Windows RT device on the market, before that being discontinued too just a week later.. Made of magnesium alloy and toughened glass, the outer shell of Surface 2 maintains a similar design to its predecessor, but in a "bare metal" silver color scheme with a black bezel. Surface 2 is also slightly thinner and lighter than the previous model. GHz quad-core Nvidia Tegra 4 chipset with 2 GB of RAM; Microsoft claimed that the new chipset and other improvements to its internal hardware made the Surface 2 three to four times faster than the original Surface, and that it had 10 hours of battery life playing videos. Unlike the original Surface (which used a 1366 x 768 display), the Surface 2 uses a 1080p display, the same as in Surface Pro 2. This display is claimed to have almost 50% better color than the previous version, as well as the lowest reflectivity among competing tablets. The device also includes a full-size USB 3.0 port, 32 or 64 GB of internal storage , and a MicroSD slot. The Surface 2 ships with Windows RT 8.1. The 4G LTE model of Surface 2 was launched on March 18, 2014, and comes as a 64. [11] AT&T is the Microsoft cellular partner and Surface 2 4G LTE comes with AT&T "All Access" app pre-installed but the device actually ships unlocked. The 4G models also come with GPS, Assisted GPS, and GLONASS. The Surface 2 includes what Microsoft calls a silver-magnesium color that is more scratch resistant compared to the original Surface.. Main articles: Windows 8.1 and Windows RT. The Surface 2 ships with Windows RT 8.1 and Office 2013 RT, unlike the original Surface which launched with Office 2013 RT Beta (but which later received the final release version). Other bundled apps include Mail, Calendar, People (contacts), Bing apps including Food and Drink, Health and Fitness, Weather, Travel, Stocks, and Sports. These apps were later renamed to be MSN apps. Just like its predecessor, desktop apps other than those already bundled with the OS are forbidden to run on the Surface 2, so the device, unlike its successor, Surface 3 , cannot be classified as a 2-in-1 PC .. An interesting change from the Surface to the Surface 2 is the hiding of the desktop tile from the Start Screen. Updated versions of the Surface's cover accessories are available for the Surface 2; the Touch Cover 2 and Type Cover 2 are slightly thinner than the previous versions and now include a "dynamic" backlight system. The Touch Cover 2 has over 1,092 sensors on it compared to just 80 on the original Touch Cover. [13] The keyswitch length of the Type Cover 2 have been reduced from 2.5mm to 1.5mm. A new Power Cover accessory was also available to add 30 Wh additional battery capacity to the device. Accompanying the Touch Cover 2 and Type Cover 2 was a wireless adapter that allows them to be connected up to 30 feet away via Bluetooth. An updated kickstand can now be tilted at a 55-degree angle alongside the original 22-degree angle. During its unveiling, Microsoft also showcased the Music Cover; a variation of the Touch Cover that serves as a DJ mixer with playback controls, a 16-button sampler , and three sliders. While mainstream public release has been announced, it will be distributed to musicians through the Surface Remix Project campaign. Initial reviews of the Surface 2 have been mixed. Reviewers have generally been positive about the device's hardware and improvements when compared to the original Surface. However, the Surface 2 was often criticized for a lack of support for traditional Windows desktop programs and the low number of high quality apps available from the Windows Store. In a financial report from Microsoft in second quarter 2014, revenue more than doubled from $400 million in the first quarter, to $893 million. However, Microsoft still lost $39 million since the development costs had equaled to around $932 million. But skeptics acknowledged that the growth was there despite still losing money on the Surface brand. The Surface 2 has been reported to have some overheating issues. Microsoft delivered an update to try to fix the issue. Source: Microsoft Devices Blog. ^ a b Hachman, Mark (January 27, 2015). "Microsoft has stopped making the Surface 2 tablet, spelling trouble for Windows RT". Retrieved April 5, 2015. Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Walrath, Josh (February 25, 2013). "NVIDIA Details Tegra 4 and Tegra 4i Graphics". Retrieved April 5, 2015. Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ "Microsoft Support Lifecycle". Retrieved December 3, 2015. ^ Savov, Vlad (September 23, 2013). "Microsoft announces Surface 2, 'the most productive tablet ever built ' ". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Evans, Dean (September 23, 2013). "Microsoft Surface RT vs Surface 2". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Wollman, Dana (September 23, 2013). "Microsoft announces the Surface 2, the follow-up to the original Surface RT; coming October 22nd for $449". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Bright, Peter (September 23, 2013). "Microsoft's hardware, round 2: Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ a b Hachman, Mark (September 23, 2013). "Microsoft Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2 benchmarks and hands-on". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Wollman, Dana (March 17, 2014). "Microsoft intros an LTE version of the Surface 2, arrives tomorrow for $679". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ "Microsoft downplays 'RT' and hides the desktop on its Surface tablets". ^ Yam, Marcus (September 25, 2013). "Surface Touch Cover 2: Thinner and Sensitive Under Pressure". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Gorman, Michael (September 23, 2013). "Microsoft reveals Surface Music Cover, gives DJs and producers more musical tools". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Gibbs, Samuel (October 21, 2013). "Surface 2 review: Microsoft makes progress but can't escape Windows RT". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Franklin, Eric (October 20, 2013). "Microsoft Surface 2 review: Quality tablet suffering from a lack of app support". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Keizer, Gregg (January 23, 2014). "Microsoft lost money on each Surface sold last quarter". Retrieved April 5, 2015. ^ Parrish, Kevin (November 26, 2013). "Microsoft Responds to Surface 2 Overheating Issue". Retrieved April 5, 2015 .. Windows -powered tablet computers and 2-in-1 PCs. Where do you want to go today? (1994). Categories : Microsoft Surface Tablet computers introduced in 2013 Windows RT devices. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. Español 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia Türkçe 中文. This page was last edited on 15 September 2017, at 09:01. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Démonstration de la nouvelle table tactile Microsoft Surface 2 présentée lors du CES 2011. Plus d'informations sur Giiks.com : http://www.giiks.com/geek/microsoft-s... Giiks.com : http://www.giiks.com Chaîne YouTube Giiks : http://www.youtube.com/giiks Abonnement à la chaîne Giiks : http://bit.ly/oxxstZ Twitter Giiks : http://www.twitter.com/giiks Facebook Giiks : http://on.fb.me/Giiks Playlist Giiks TV Saison 1 : http://bit.ly/o0s43s Playlist Giiks TV Saison 2 : http://bit.ly/oEDGaF. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BendDesk: Multi-touch on a Curved Display. atrac multitouch table tells you about your Nespresso. Samsung SUR40 + Microsoft Surface 2 First Look. Fabriquez votre table de salon tactile - Touch Screen - Video 1. Pranav Mistry's Sixth-Sense and Microsoft's Productivity Future Vision. Watch your day in 2020 [ Future Technology ] [HD]. Microsoft Surface Studio: Unboxing & Review. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 - Launch Full Event - Tuesday, May. Inside Microsoft's model shop, where prototypes are printed in 3D. Microsoft Surface Demo on Samsung SUR40 | SUPERADRIANME.com. Amazing Japanese Precision (posted by Sanitaryum | Clean Humor). Clean Funny Pics & Humor | Sanitaryum.com. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
