Weekly Ad Deal of the Day Credit Cards Gift Cards Gift Ideas & Registry. Products Brands Deals Services Account Shopping History Order Status Saved Items. Featured Samsung Galaxy S9 Top TV Deals Gift Ideas DJI Mavic Air Drone Apple HomePod Apple Shopping Event. All Categories Appliances TV & Home Theater Computers & Tablets Cameras & Camcorders Cell Phones Audio Video Games Movies & Music Car Electronics & GPS Wearable Technology Health, Fitness & Beauty Home, Garage & Office Smart Home, Security & Wi-Fi Drones, Toys & Collectibles Best Buy Outlet. Major Kitchen Appliances Refrigerators Dishwashers Ranges, Cooktops & Wall Ovens Smart Appliances Microwaves Kegerators & Wine Coolers Freezers & Ice Makers Kitchen Appliance Packages. Laundry & Garment Care Washers & Dryers Laundry Packages Irons, Steamers & Sewing Machines Floor Care, Seasonal & Parts Vacuum Cleaners & Floor Care Heating, Cooling & Air Quality Outdoor Living Appliance Parts & Accessories. Small Kitchen Appliances Blenders & Juicers Coffee, Tea & Espresso Countertop Microwaves Mini Fridges Mixers Pressure Cookers Toaster & Pizza Ovens Shop All Small Kitchen Appliances. Services & Support Appliance Installation Delivery & Haul Away Recycling Shop All Appliance Services Deals & Outlet Major Appliance Deals Small Appliance Deals Appliance Open-Box In-Store Experience Pacific Kitchen & Home Samsung Open House. TVs by Size 75-Inch or Larger TVs 65-Inch TVs 60-Inch TVs 55-Inch TVs 50-Inch TVs 40-Inch TVs 32-Inch TVs Shop All Televisions. TVs by Type Top TV Deals 4K Ultra HD TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs OLED TVs LED TVs Outdoor TVs. Home Theater & Audio Home Theater Systems Sound Bars TV Stands, Mounts & Furniture Blu-ray & DVD Players Home Audio Components Projectors & Screens Streaming Media Players Wireless & Multiroom Audio Shop All Accessories. Services & Support TV & Home Theater Services TV & Internet Service Providers Buying Help Find the Perfect TV Outlet TV & Home Theater Open-Box In-Store Experience Magnolia Samsung Entertainment Experience Sony Experience Shop LG Experience. Computers Laptops Desktops & All-in-One Computers 2-in-1s PC Gaming & Virtual Reality PC Gaming Gaming Accessories & Peripherals Virtual Reality. Computer Accessories Monitors Printers, Ink & Toner Hard Drives & Storage Wi-Fi & Networking Software Computer Cards & Components Shop All Computer Accessories. Tablets & Accessories iPad Tablets Kids' Tablets iPad & Tablet Accessories E-Readers & Accessories. Services & Support Computer & Tablet Services AppleCare Protection Easy Replenish Ink Deals & Outlet Computer Deals Tablet Deals Computers & Tablets Open-Box Computers & Tablets Refurbished In-Store Experience Apple Store Samsung Experience Store. Cameras & Lenses Digital SLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Camera Lenses Point & Shoot Cameras Instant Print Cameras Shop All Digital Cameras Drones Drones & Accessories. Camcorders Action Camcorders Traditional Camcorders 360 Degree Cameras Shop All Camcorders Related Categories Security Cameras & Systems Instant Photo Printers Binoculars, Telescopes & Optics. Accessories Memory Cards Camera Bags & Cases Tripods & Monopods Flashes & Lighting Lens Filters Camera Batteries & Chargers Camcorder Accessories Instant Print Film Shop All Camera Accessories. Services & Support Camera & Camcorder Protection Shop All Camera & Camcorder Services Deals & Outlet Camera & Camcorder Deals Camera & Camcorder Open-Box Camera & Camcorder Clearance In-Store Experience Camera Experience Shop. Shop by Carrier Verizon AT&T Sprint. Shop by Phone iPhone Samsung Galaxy Phones with Plans Prepaid Phones Unlocked Phones Refurbished & Pre-Owned Phones. Cell Phone Accessories iPhone Accessories Samsung Galaxy Accessories Cell Phone Cases & Clips Wireless Chargers Portable Chargers & Power Packs Instant Photo Printers Screen Protectors Shop All Accessories. Services & Support Cell Phone Services AppleCare+ for iPhone My Best Buy Mobile Deals & Outlet Cell Phone Deals Cell Phone Refurbished & Pre-Owned Trade-In & Upgrade Cell Phone Trade-In Cell Phone Upgrade Checker. Home Audio Home Theater Systems Receivers & Amplifiers Speakers Turntables CD Players Stereo Shelf Systems Sound Bars High-Resolution Audio Magnolia: Premium Audio Home Audio Accessories. Bring superior sound to your home theater.. Headphones Over-Ear & On-Ear Headphones Earbud & In-Ear Headphones Wireless Headphones Noise-Canceling Headphones Shop All Headphones Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Smart Speakers Shop All Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers. Wireless & Multiroom Audio Wireless Multiroom Audio Systems Multiroom Receivers Shop All Wireless Audio More Audio iPod & MP3 Players Docks, Radios & Boomboxes Car Audio Marine Audio Musical Instruments. Services & Support Portable Audio Services TV & Home Theater Services Deals & Outlet Wireless Audio Deals Home Audio Deals Audio Open-Box & Refurbished Audio Clearance In-Store Experience Magnolia. Xbox One Xbox One Consoles Xbox One Games Xbox One Accessories Shop All Xbox One Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Consoles Nintendo Switch Games Nintendo Switch Accessories Shop All Nintendo Switch. PlayStation 4 PlayStation 4 Consoles PlayStation 4 Games PlayStation 4 Accessories PlayStation VR Shop All PlayStation 4. More Gaming Nintendo 3DS Retro Gaming PC Gaming Digital Gaming Gaming Headsets All Gaming Accessories Licensed Collectibles. Services & Support Video Game Trade-In Video Game Services Deals & Outlet Video Games Pre-Owned & Refurbished Video Game Deals Video Games Clearance Gamer's Club Unlocked Learn More Sign-Up Member Offers. Movies & TV Shows Pre-Orders New Releases 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Discs Blu-ray Discs Blu-ray 3D SteelBooks DVDs TV Shows Shop All Movies & TV Shows. Music New Releases Pre-Orders CDs Vinyl Musical Instruments Shop All Music. Shop by Franchise Star Wars Marvel DC Comics Disney Pixar Transformers X-Men Game of Thrones Shop All Franchises. Deals & Outlet Movies & TV Shows Deals Music Deals Entertainment Gift Cards App Store & iTunes Gift Cards Spotify Gift Cards Google Gift Cards Restaurant Gift Cards Shop All Gift Cards. Car Audio Car Stereo Receivers Car Speakers Car Subwoofers & Enclosures Car Amplifiers Car Equalizers & Processors Smartphone & iPod Car Connectors Satellite Radios Car Installation Parts & Accessories Shop All Car Audio. Car Security & Convenience Remote Starters & Keyless Entry Radar Detectors Vehicle Diagnostics Remote Transmitters Car Lights & Accessories. Car Video & GPS GPS Navigation & Accessories Back-Up & Dash Cameras Car Video & DVD Players Other Categories Marine & Powersports. Services & Support Car Electronics Professional Installation Deals & Outlet Car Electronics & GPS Deals Car Electronics & GPS Outlet. Action Camcorders Activity Trackers & Pedometers Apple Watch Fitness & GPS Watches Headphones Pet Tracking Devices. Smart Sports Equipment Smart Tracker Tags Smartwatches & Accessories Virtual Reality. Featured Brands Apple Beats Bose Fitbit Garmin Samsung. Services & Support Wearable Technology Services AppleCare+ for Apple Watch Deals & Outlet Wearable Technology Deals Wearable Technology Open-Box. Health & Fitness Activity Trackers & Pedometers Apple Watch Assistive Technology Baby & Prenatal Care Diet, Health & Exercise Videos Fitness & GPS Watches Health Monitoring & Testing. Headphones Scales Smart Sports Equipment Smartwatches & Accessories Sports & Outdoor Recreation Sports Fan Shop Health & Fitness Accessories. Personal Care & Beauty Shavers, Trimmers & Groomers Hair Care Oral Care Massagers & Spa Skin Care Mirrors Light Therapy Essential Oil Diffusers & Oils Shop All Personal Care & Beauty. Services & Support Wearable Technology Services Deals & Outlet Personal Care & Beauty Deals Health Fitness & Beauty Open-Box Personal Care & Beauty Clearance. Home Appliances Furniture & Decor Household Essentials Wi-Fi & Networking Outdoor Living Pet Supplies & Technology Security Cameras & Surveillance Vacuum Cleaners & Floor Care. Garage Autonomous Lawn Care Batteries & Power Garage Door Openers Garage Storage & Organization Sprinkler & Irrigation Controls Tool Chests & Parts Racks Workbenches & Stools Shop All Garage. Office Printers, Ink & Toner Scanners, Faxes & Copiers Telephones & Communication Office Furniture Projectors & Screens Business Software Shop All Office Electronics. Services & Support Smart Home Services TV & Internet Service Providers Vivint Smart Home Deals & Outlet Office Open-Box Office Refurbished. Smart Home Voice Assistants Smart Lighting Smart Switches & Outlets Smart & Wi-Fi Thermostats Smart Locks & Garage Control Sprinkler & Irrigation Control Smart Nursery Pet Supplies & Technology. Home Security & Surveillance Security Cameras & Surveillance Wireless Doorbell Cameras Motion Sensors & Detectors Smoke & Carbon Monoxide Detectors Home Automation Systems & Kits Baby Monitors. Wi-Fi & Networking Routers Whole Home Wi-Fi Modems Wi-Fi Extenders Network Switches Network Security & Firewall Devices Shop All Wi-Fi & Networking. Shop by Compatibility Apple HomeKit Amazon Alexa Google Assistant Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Shop by Brand Arlo Google Home Nest Philips Hue Vivint Smart Home. Drones & Accessories Drones with Cameras Toy Drones Drone Accessories Shop All Drones & Accessories Rideables Self-Balancing Scooters Skateboards & Longboards Shop All Rideables. Toys STEM & Educational Toys Dolls Action Figures Building Sets & Blocks App-Enabled & Remote Control Toys Sports & Outdoor Play Kids' Electronics Interactive Pets Shop All Toys. Licensed Collectibles LEGO Collectibles Star Wars Collectibles Marvel Collectibles DC Comics Collectibles Disney Collectibles Funko Collectibles Nintendo Collectibles Shop All Collectibles. Toys by Age Toys for Ages 3 to 7 Toys for Ages 8 to 12 Toys for Ages 13 & Older Gifts Birthday Gifts Gifts for Kids Gifts for Teens Shop All Gifts Deals & Outlet Drones & Toys Deals Drones & Toys Clearance. FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP FAST STORE PICKUP PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE. Brand Shops Apple Samsung Sony Microsoft Intel Shop all brands Specialty Shops Magnolia Pacific Kitchen & Home Camera Experience Shop. Online or in-store, we'll help you create the ultimate home entertainment experience.. Premium appliance brands and expert service available inside select Best Buy stores.. Shop a wider selection, talk to a camera expert and try before you buy at select Best Buy stores.. FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP FAST STORE PICKUP PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE. Hottest Deals Weekly Ad Deal of the Day Member Offers Best Buy Outlet Student Hub. This week's best deals, all in one place.. Student Deals & Back to School. Deals by Category TVs Laptops & Computers Tablets & E-Readers Video Games & VR Headphones & Speakers Cell Phones Home Theater & Audio Streaming Devices & Video Smart Home & Security Drones & Toys Cameras & Camcorders Wearables & Smartwatches Major Appliances Small Appliances Movies, TV Shows & Music Printers & Home Office Car Electronics & GPS Clearance & More. FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP FAST STORE PICKUP PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE. Geek Squad Support Tech Help & Inspiration Chat with a Geek Squad Agent Schedule a Service Track Your Repair Manage Your Appointment. Geek Squad Plans & Services Geek Squad 24/7 Support Protection Plans Computer & Tablet Services TV & Home Theater Services Car Electronics Professional Install Appliance Services Smart Home Services Camera & Camcorder Services Cell Phone Services See All Geek Squad Services. Additional Services Find Replacement Parts Trade-In Program Recycle Your Old Products Customer Service In-Home Consultation. FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS $35 AND UP FAST STORE PICKUP PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE. Sign In to see your rewards, exclusive offers and more. Don't have an account? Create one. Your Orders & More Track Your Order Purchase History Learn About Easy Replenish ™ Digital Library Recommendations for You Your Rewards Rewards Points & Certificates. Services & Support Your Plans & Memberships Your Service History Track Your Repair. Manage Your Account Account Home Account Settings Credit Cards E-mail Address Shipping Address Phone Number Communication Preferences Store Pickup Options Change Password. Create a BestBuy.com account to get these benefits and more:. Enhanced online and store purchase information. Access to your protection plans and services. It looks like you're using an older version of Internet Explorer.. To best view our site — and for a better experience overall on the Web — please update your browser using the links below. It's free and it takes just a minute. Download the latest version of Chrome , FireFox or Internet Explorer .. Hours, Directions & Details ». There was an error when processing your request.. Please try again, or continue shopping great deals on BestBuy.com. Cookies are disabled in your browser. Please enable cookies to view this website, then click button below.. Sign up for our daily deal alert. Learn more about the Weekly Ad. Get the Latest Deals on the TVs, computers, appliances, entertainment, and many other consumer electronics you've had your eye on by shopping Best Buy's weekly ads online. Shop deals each week by product type, rating, or even brand to find exactly what you are looking to purchase. With quick connections to product specifications and ordering options, you can easily compare pricing, features, and compatibility from your computer or smartphone. Best Buy's <a href="https://www.bestbuy.com/site/help-topics/price-match-guarantee/pcmcat297300050000.c?id=pcmcat297300050000">Price Match Guarantee</a> ensures that you are getting the best pricing on your purchase.<p>. Whether you are looking for a new gadget to make your life a little easier or a new appliance or smart device to use at home, you can rely on Best Buy's weekly ads to provide incredible deals every time you visit us online. You can even check out our Trending Now section which features the products people are checking out most often, or which deals provide the best value.<p>. <h2>Shop Online and Pick Up In Store</h2><p>. Find a deal that you simply can't miss out on? The Best Buy weekly ad makes it easy to order your products online right away! To make it even easier, you can choose to have your order shipped to your home or office, or you can pick up your order from a local store location near you. Don't forget to pick up the cables, connectors, or accessories to get your new purchase up and running smoothly. Not sure what you need? <a href="https://www.bestbuy.com/site/computers-promotions/geek-squad-tech-support/pcmcat235500050002.c?id=pcmcat235500050002"> Geek Squad services</a> can help!<p>. <h2>Sign Up for Deal of the Day</h2><p>. We know that great deals are hard to pass up, especially when they help to streamline your busy life! Visit Best Buy's online weekly ads to see the latest collection of featured offers from the brands you know and trust. You can also receive information on our top <a href="https://www.bestbuy.com/site/misc/deal-of-the-day/pcmcat248000050016.c?id=pcmcat248000050016">Deal of the Day</a> finds by signing up with your current email address.. Get the Latest Deals on the TVs, computers, appliances, entertainment, and many other consumer electronics you've had your eye on by shopping Best Buy's weekly ads online. Shop deals each week by product type, rating, or even brand to find exactly what you are looking to purchase. With quick connections to product specifications and ordering options, you can easily compare pricing, features, and compatibility from your computer or smartphone. Best Buy's <a href="https://www.bestbuy.com/site/help-topics/price-match-guarantee/pcmcat297300050000.c?id=pcmcat297300050000">Price Match Guarantee</a> ensures that you are getting the best pricing on your purchase.<p>. Whether you are looking for a new gadget to make your life a little easier or a new appliance or smart device to use at home, you can rely on Best Buy's weekly ads to provide incredible deals every time you visit us online. You can even check out our Trending Now section which features the products people are checking out most often, or which deals provide the best value.<p>. <h2>Shop Online and Pick Up In Store</h2><p>. Find a deal that you simply can't miss out on? The Best Buy weekly ad makes it easy to order your products online right away! To make it even easier, you can choose to have your order shipped to your home or office, or you can pick up your order from a local store location near you. Don't forget to pick up the cables, connectors, or accessories to get your new purchase up and running smoothly. Not sure what you need? <a href="https://www.bestbuy.com/site/computers-promotions/geek-squad-tech-support/pcmcat235500050002.c?id=pcmcat235500050002"> Geek Squad services</a> can help!<p>. <h2>Sign Up for Deal of the Day</h2><p>. We know that great deals are hard to pass up, especially when they help to streamline your busy life! Visit Best Buy's online weekly ads to see the latest collection of featured offers from the brands you know and trust. You can also receive information on our top <a href="https://www.bestbuy.com/site/misc/deal-of-the-day/pcmcat248000050016.c?id=pcmcat248000050016">Deal of the Day</a> finds by signing up with your current email address.. Best Buy Weekly Ad Terms: Expert Service. with our Best Buy® Price Match Guarantee: We won't be beat on price. We'll match the product prices of key online and local competitors. Exclusions apply including, but not limited to, contract mobile phones sold by any online retailer, items sold by Marketplace vendors and items for sale Thanksgiving Day through the Monday after Thanksgiving. Please visit BestBuy.com/PMG for full policy details. Rainchecks and Limitations: Prices valid during ad dates in the Digital Weekly Ad and represents BestBuy.com® pricing; in-store pricing may vary. Pricing in this ad may vary from pricing in your local print insert. Unless noted, rainchecks are available for ad products. We reserve the right to limit quantities (no dealers). Some products may not be physically available at some stores, but may be available for purchase. Was; price reflects nationwide online price. Pricing in stores may vary in Alaska, Hawaii and in other locations. Best Buy® is not responsible for errors in this ad and we reserve the right to fix errors. Best Buy® gift cards have no expiration date or fees. Gift card offers are good toward future purchase. Online orders may receive a digital e-gift card on free gift card with purchase offers. Sale offers are based on markdowns from a regular price or a Was price and exclude special order, clearance, refurbished, pre-owned and open-box items. Products included in Bundle/Package/Free-with-purchase offers must be purchased on the same receipt to receive savings and savings offers may include instant savings on individual items. Formatted capacity on products with storage may vary from the ad size. Product release dates are subject to change. Color selection on ad products may vary by store and additional colors may be available. Unless noted otherwise, for entertainment releases there is a minimum of 2 per store with no rainchecks. Michigan and Ohio stores will have a minimum of 1 per store on; limited quantities, no rainchecks; products. Financing Details: Subject to credit approval. Geek Squad purchase must be associated with qualifying product(s). My Best Buy® program membership terms are available at BestBuy.com/MyBestBuy or in our stores. Get 2.5 points per $1 spent (5% back in rewards) on qualifying Best Buy purchases when you choose Standard Credit with your Best Buy Credit Card. If you apply and are approved for a new My Best Buy Credit Card, your first day of purchases on the Credit Card using Standard Credit within the first 14 days of account opening will get an additional 2.5 bonus points (an additional 5% back in rewards, for a total of 10%). Points are not awarded on promotional credit purchases. Purchases made at Pacific Sales Kitchen & Home Stores outside of Best Buy locations are not eligible to get My Best Buy® Rewards. Due to security requirements, online purchases may be ineligible for offer if credit card application is made in-store. May not be combined with other My Best Buy offers. Subject to My Best Buy® Program Terms. Best Buy Weekly Ad Terms: Expert Service. with our Best Buy® Price Match Guarantee: We won't be beat on price. We'll match the product prices of key online and local competitors. Exclusions apply including, but not limited to, contract mobile phones sold by any online retailer, items sold by Marketplace vendors and items for sale Thanksgiving Day through the Monday after Thanksgiving. Please visit BestBuy.com/PMG for full policy details. Rainchecks and Limitations: Prices valid during ad dates in the Digital Weekly Ad and represents BestBuy.com® pricing; in-store pricing may vary. Pricing in this ad may vary from pricing in your local print insert. Unless noted, rainchecks are available for ad products. We reserve the right to limit quantities (no dealers). Some products may not be physically available at some stores, but may be available for purchase. Was; price reflects nationwide online price. Pricing in stores may vary in Alaska, Hawaii and in other locations. Best Buy® is not responsible for errors in this ad and we reserve the right to fix errors. Best Buy® gift cards have no expiration date or fees. Gift card offers are good toward future purchase. Online orders may receive a digital e-gift card on free gift card with purchase offers. Sale offers are based on markdowns from a regular price or a Was price and exclude special order, clearance, refurbished, pre-owned and open-box items. Products included in Bundle/Package/Free-with-purchase offers must be purchased on the same receipt to receive savings and savings offers may include instant savings on individual items. Formatted capacity on products with storage may vary from the ad size. Product release dates are subject to change. Color selection on ad products may vary by store and additional colors may be available. Unless noted otherwise, for entertainment releases there is a minimum of 2 per store with no rainchecks. Michigan and Ohio stores will have a minimum of 1 per store on; limited quantities, no rainchecks; products. Financing Details: Subject to credit approval. Geek Squad purchase must be associated with qualifying product(s). My Best Buy® program membership terms are available at BestBuy.com/MyBestBuy or in our stores. Get 2.5 points per $1 spent (5% back in rewards) on qualifying Best Buy purchases when you choose Standard Credit with your Best Buy Credit Card. If you apply and are approved for a new My Best Buy Credit Card, your first day of purchases on the Credit Card using Standard Credit within the first 14 days of account opening will get an additional 2.5 bonus points (an additional 5% back in rewards, for a total of 10%). Points are not awarded on promotional credit purchases. Purchases made at Pacific Sales Kitchen & Home Stores outside of Best Buy locations are not eligible to get My Best Buy® Rewards. Due to security requirements, online purchases may be ineligible for offer if credit card application is made in-store. May not be combined with other My Best Buy offers. Subject to My Best Buy® Program Terms. Get the Latest Deals & More BEST BUY APP Learn more ›. My Best Buy › View Points & Certificates Member Offers Sign in or Create Account. Credit Cards › Make Payment/Check Balance Credit Card Offers Apply Now. Orders & Returns › Order Status Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup Return & Exchange Promise Price Match Guarantee Pay with Points. Support & Services › Customer Service Protection Plans Schedule a Service Trade-In Program Product Recalls. Partnerships › Affiliate Program Developers Best Buy Ignite Best Buy for Education Best Buy Direct Advertise with Us. International Sites › Best Buy Mexico Best Buy Canada. Corporate Information Forums, Blog & More Careers Accessibility Terms and Conditions Privacy Interest-Based Ads California Privacy Rights CA Supply Chain Transparency Act. Prices and offers are subject to change. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, MY BEST BUY, and BESTBUY.COM are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.. 
Ads related to: microsoft survace www.officedepot.com/Technology/Microsoft www.bestdeals.today/Microsoft_Surfa search.zdnet.com www.bhphotovideo.com/Free_Shipping/Microsoft Surface. Microsoft ® Surface - Office Depot® Official Site. Shop For Microsoft ® Surface Online At Office Depot® & Save Today!. Browse This Week's Tech & Service. Deals & See How Much You Can Save!. Join Our Rewards Program & Get. Microsoft Surface - Save 30% Off Today | bestdeals.today. Redeem Your Special Deal On Microsoft Surface. Microsoft Updates on ZDNet - News Of The Software Giant. Find Out All That Is New In The World Of Microsoft !. Cloud TV Blogs Reviews Windows 10 Videos ZDNet Downloads. Hot Gadgets Lowest Prices - Free Express Shipping Avail.. Unbeatable price Electronics & all Cameras, Computers, Audio, Video, Accessories. Great Giftsgiving Deals! B&H®Pro Specials! B&H®Deals for Under $500 B&H®Popular Products. Microsoft Surface Book 2 Microsoft Surface 3 Microsoft Surface Laptop Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Microsoft Surface Pro Microsoft Surface. Showing results for microsoft surface.. Do you want results only for microsoft survace?. Are you looking for Technology, News & Reviews?. Microsoft Surface review - CNET Australia United Kingdom User Reviews. Microsoft Surface is the best productivity tablet yet, and it had better be. As the only Microsoft-branded Windows RT hardware to launch with the new .... Microsoft Surface 3 review - CNET United Kingdom Lenovo Flex 3 Prices Surface Pro 3. The budget-priced Surface 3 is a solid tablet that finally runs the real version of Windows, but it would be a much better value if the must-have keyboard .... Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) review - CNET. Microsoft's flagship Surface Pro gets an extremely conservative update, but better battery life keeps it the gold standard of Windows hybrid PCs -- for now.. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review - CNET. A host of small refinements cements the Surface Pro 4's position as the best-in-class Windows tablet -- so long as you're prepared to pay extra for .... Microsoft Surface 2 review - CNET. The Microsoft Surface 2 is great for getting work done, but those looking for extensive app support (beyond Office) will find top Apple, Android, and .... Microsoft Surface Pro review - CNET. CNET earns fees when you click these offers. The Good The Microsoft Surface Pro fits a full ultrabook experience in a compact 10-inch tablet. Home of the Microsoft Surface Device Family | Surface Surface 3 Tablet Support Surface Book. Get a refined and powerful Windows laptop. Microsoft Surface devices, like Surface Laptop, Surface Pro, Surface Book 2, and Surface Studio can replace your PC, laptop .... Buy Surface Laptop - Microsoft Store. Surface Laptop complements style with an Alcantara fabric-covered keyboard, PixelSense display, & fast charging - in a slim, elegant, ultra-light laptop. Shop Surface Pro Tablets, Surface Laptop, and Surface Book. The Microsoft Surface collection: From the Surface Laptop to Surface Pro Tablets, Surface Book and Surface Studio, innovative technology for a world of design .... Compare Surface Devices | Find The Right Surface For You. Find the right Microsoft Surface device for you. Compare the specs of Surface Laptop vs Surface Studio vs Surface Book 2 vs Surface Pro.. Ads related to: microsoft survace www.officedepot.com/Technology/Microsoft www.bestdeals.today/Microsoft_Surfa search.zdnet.com www.bhphotovideo.com/Free_Shipping/Microsoft Surface www.hsn.com/Electronics/Microsoft. Microsoft ® Surface - Office Depot® Official Site. Shop For Microsoft ® Surface Online At Office Depot® & Save Today!. Browse This Week's Tech & Service. Deals & See How Much You Can Save!. Join Our Rewards Program & Get. Microsoft Surface - Save 30% Off Today | bestdeals.today. Redeem Your Special Deal On Microsoft Surface. Microsoft Updates on ZDNet - News Of The Software Giant. Find Out All That Is New In The World Of Microsoft !. Cloud TV Reviews Videos Blogs Windows 10 ZDNet Downloads. Hot Gadgets Lowest Prices - Free Express Shipping Avail.. Unbeatable price Electronics & all Cameras, Computers, Audio, Video, Accessories. Great Giftsgiving Deals! B&H®Deals for Under $500 B&H®Pro Specials! B&H®Popular Products. Microsoft Surface at HSN® - We Make Shopping Fun | hsn.com. Find Great Deals on Microsoft Surface. Shop Now at HSN® & Get Free Shipping!. See Today's Special Products On Air Today View Our Hot Items 15% Off With Email Signup Recently Aired on TV On Sale Now. Microsoft Surface Book 2 Microsoft Surface 3 Microsoft Surface Laptop Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Microsoft Surface Pro Microsoft Surface. Top 5 Reasons Midsize Companies Switch to Oracle HCM Cloud: Whitepaper. White Papers provided by Oracle. Forrester Report - The Future of The WAN Is Software-Defined. White Papers provided by Riverbed. Why Choose Oracle Enterprise Resource Planning Cloud?. White Papers provided by Oracle. About CBS Interactive | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of Use. Microsoft Surface Microsoft Surface Laptop Microsoft Surface Pro Microsoft Surface 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Microsoft Surface Book 2 Microsoft Surface Book Microsoft Surface Studio Price Of a Surface Microsoft Tablets Surface What Version Is My Surface Tablet Surface Pc Price. Infographic: Top 5 Reasons Midsize Companies Switch to Oracle HCM Cloud. White Papers provided by Oracle. 
hybrid tablets , 2-in-1 detachables , interactive whiteboards , all-in-one PCs. Windows 8 , 8.1 ; Windows 10. This article is part of a series on the. The Surface line of hybrid tablets, with optional detachable keyboard accessories, and optional stylus pen. The latest model, the Surface 3 , uses an Intel Atom SoC processor. The Surface Pro line of professional hybrid tablets, use similar optional detachable keyboard accessories. The latest Surface Pro uses a 7th generation Intel Core series processors and does not include a stylus pen. The Surface Laptop , a notebook with a 13.5-inch touchscreen. [9] The device runs Windows 10 S by default; however, it can be upgraded to Windows 10 Pro. The Surface Book , a notebook with a detachable screen. The base is configurable with/without discrete graphics and an independently operable screen with support for the included stylus. The Surface Studio , a 28-inch all-in-one desktop that adjusts into a digital drafting table with stylus and on-screen Surface Dial support. The Surface Hub , a touch screen interactive whiteboard designed for collaboration. Screen and input [ edit ]. External color and kickstand [ edit ]. Surface Pro line [ edit ]. Surface Book line [ edit ]. Surface Book 2 [82]. version 1607 (with Performance Base). 3000x2000 pixels at 267 ppi. 3000x2000 pixels at 267 ppi. 3240x2160 pixels at 260 ppi. TDP ( watts ). Custom GeForce 940M (with dGPU). GeForce GTX 965M (with Performance Base). GB GDDR5 (with dGPU). GB GDDR5 (with Performance Base). TDP ( watts ). Keyboard base: 63.4 (with Performance Base). Integrated Windows Hello support. Yes (via backlit IR camera). Surface Studio line [ edit ]. Diagonal size ( cm (in) ). Frequency (base – turbo, GHz ). L3 cache ( MB ). GeForce GTX 965M with 2. GeForce GTX 980M GPU with 4. GB GDDR5 (Core i7 with 32. Integrated Windows Hello support. Yes (via backlit IR camera). Partnership with NFL [ edit ]. Designed on Surface [ edit ]. United States Department of Defense [ edit ]. Wikimedia Commons has media related to Microsoft Surface. This article is about the Microsoft Surface series of devices. For the first tablet in the series, see Surface (2012 tablet). For the digital table, see Microsoft PixelSense .. Surface : October 26, 2012 [2]. Surface Pro : February 9, 2013 [3]. Surface 2 : October 22, 2013. Surface Pro 2 : October 22, 2013. Surface Pro 3 : June 20, 2014. Surface 3 : May 5, 2015. Surface Hub : July 1, 2015. Surface Pro 4 : October 26, 2015. Surface Book : October 26, 2015. Surface Studio : October 26, 2016. Surface Book with Performance Base : October 26, 2016. Surface Laptop : June 15, 2017. Surface Pro (2017) : June 15, 2017. Surface Book 2 : November 16, 2017. Microsoft Surface is a series of touchscreen Windows personal computers and interactive whiteboards designed and developed by Microsoft. The devices are manufactured by Pegatron and are designed to be premium devices that set examples to Windows OEMs. [4] [5] [6] It comprises four generations of hybrid tablets , 2-in-1 detachable notebooks , a convertible desktop all-in-one , an interactive whiteboard , and various accessories all with unique form factors. [7] [8] With the exception of the first-generation Surface and Surface 2, all Surface PCs use Intel processors and are compatible with Microsoft's Windows 10 operating system.. The Surface family features six main lines of devices:. 2.1 Screen and input. 2.6 External color and kickstand. 5.2 Surface Pro line. 5.3 Surface Book line. 5.4 Surface Studio line. 6.2 Partnership with NFL. 6.3 Designed on Surface. 6.4 United States Department of Defense. Microsoft first announced Surface at an event on 18 June 2012, presented by former CEO Steve Ballmer in Milk Studios Los Angeles. Surface was the first major initiative by Microsoft to integrate its Windows operating system with its own hardware, and is the first PC designed and distributed solely by Microsoft. The first Surface device in the Surface line, was marketed as "Surface for Windows RT" at the time was and was announced by Steven Sinofsky , former President of Windows and Windows Live. The second Surface line, based on the Intel architecture was spearheaded with Surface Pro, marketed as "Surface for Windows 8 Pro" at the time, and was demoed by Michael Angiulo, a corporate VP.. Sinofsky initially stated that pricing for the first Surface would be comparable to other ARM devices and pricing for Surface Pro would be comparable to current ultrabooks. Later, Ballmer noted the "sweet spot" for the bulk of the PC market was $300 to $800. [14] Microsoft revealed the pricing and began accepting preorders for the 2012 Surface tablet, on 16 October 2012 "for delivery by 10/26". [15] [16] [17] The device was launched alongside the general availability of Windows 8 on 26 October 2012. [18] Surface Pro became available the following year on 9 February 2013. [19] The devices were initially available only at Microsoft Stores retail and online, but availability was later expanded into other vendors. On November 2012, Ballmer described the distribution approach to Surface as "modest" [21] and on November 29 of that year, Microsoft revealed the pricing for the 64 GB and 128 GB versions of Surface with Windows 8 Pro. [22] The tablet would go on sale on 9 February 2013, in the United States and Canada. [23] A launch event was set to be held on 8 February 2013, but was cancelled at the last minute due to the February 2013 nor'easter. [24] The 128GB version of the tablet sold out on the same day as its release. Though there was less demand for the 64GB version because of the much smaller available storage capacity, supplies of the lower cost unit were almost as tight. On 23 September 2013, Microsoft announced the Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2 , which feature hardware and software updates from the original. The Surface 2 launched 22 October 2013, alongside the Surface Pro 2, four days after the general availability of Windows 8.1. Later, Microsoft launched a variation of the Surface 2 with LTE connectivity for the AT&T network on 18 March 2014. Microsoft then announced the redesigned Surface Pro 3 on 20 May 2014, which went on sale on 20 June 2014.. The following year, on 30 March 2015, it announced the Surface 3 , a more compact version of the Surface Pro 3. On 8 September 2015, Microsoft announced the "Surface Enterprise Initiative", a partnership between Accenture , Avanade , Dell Inc. , and HP , to "enable more customers to enjoy the benefits of Windows 10." As part of the partnership, Dell will resell Surface Pro products through its business and enterprise channels, and offer its existing enterprise services (including Pro Support, warranty, and Configuration and Deployment) for Surface Pro devices it sells. Microsoft announced the next generation Surface Pro 4 and the all new Surface Book, a hybrid laptop, at Microsoft October 2015 Event in New York on 10 October 2015. [28] Microsoft began shipping Surface Hub devices on 25 March 2016. [29] In June 2016, Microsoft confirmed production of the Surface 3 would stop in December of that year. [30] No replacement product has been announced. Reports suggest this may be a consequence of Intel discontinuing the Broxton iteration of the Atom processor. [31] On 26 October 2016 at Microsoft's event, a Surface Studio and Surface Book with Performance Base was announced. [32] A wheel accessory, the Surface Dial, was announced as well, and became available on 10 November 2016. Immediately following the announcement of the Surface Laptop at the #MicrosoftEDU event on 2 May 2017, and the Microsoft Build 2017 developer conference, Microsoft announced the fifth-generation Surface Pro at a special event in Shanghai on 23 May 2017. On 17 October 2017, Microsoft announced Surface Book 2 adding a 15 in model to the line, and updating internal components.. Surface Pro 3 with Type Cover. Unless otherwise indicated, this section concerns the Surface tablets (Surface and Surface Pro).. The first two generations of both Surface lines features 10.6 ClearType Full HD display with 16:9 aspect ratio. With the release of the third generation Surface and Surface Pro, Microsoft increased the screen sizes to 10.8 inches (27. cm) respectively, each with a 3:2 aspect ratio, designed for a comfort use in a portrait orientation. The fourth generation increased the screen further to 12.3 inches (31. The screens feature a multi-touch technology with 10 touch-points and scratch-resistance Gorilla Glass. All generations of the Surface Pro and third generation of the Surface also features an active pen , but it is not included in the box with all models.. The display responds to other sensors: an ambient light sensor to adjust screen brightness and a 3-axis accelerometer to sense Surface orientation and switch between portrait and landscape orientation modes. The Surface's built-in applications support screen rotation in all four directions, including upside-down.. There are three buttons on the first three generation of Surface, including a capacitive Windows button near the display that opens the Start Screen , and two physical buttons on the sides: power and volume. The fourth generation removed the capacitive windows button on the screen.. The Surface has front and rear cameras, the resolution of which has been increased to 3.5/8 and 5/5 megapixels for the latest generation of the Surface and Surface Pro, respectively.. The first generation Surface uses a quad-core Nvidia Tegra 3 of the ARM architecture , as opposed to the Intel x64 architecture and therefore shipped with Windows RT, which was written for the ARM architecture. The second generation Surface 2 added an Nvidia Tegra 4. The architecture limited Surface and Surface 2 to only apps from the Windows Store recompiled for ARM. With the release of the Surface 3, Microsoft switched the Surface line to the Intel x64 architecture, the same architecture found in the Surface Pro line. Surface 3 uses the Braswell Atom X7 processor. With the Surface Pro line, Microsoft uses the Intel x64 architecture which can run most software designed for Microsoft Windows. Both Surface Pro and Surface Pro 2 had one processor variant, the Core i5, though the Surface Pro runs the Ivy Bridge iteration, and the Surface Pro 2 runs the Haswell iteration. The Surface Pro 3 added the Haswell Core i3 and Core i7 variants.. The Surface devices are released in six internal storage capacities: 32, 64, 128, 256, 512 GB and 1 TB. With the release of the third generation, the 32 GB model was discontinued. All models also feature a microSD XC card slot, located behind the kickstand, which allow for the use of memory cards up to 200 GB.. Surface devices have a different amount of non-replaceable RAM , ranging from 2 to 16 GB, attached to the motherboard.. On the left or right side of any Surface tablet, there is a full-size USB port, Mini DisplayPort (or a micro-HDMI port on older models), and a magnetic charging port or micro-USB charging port (Surface 3). All Surface devices have a 3.5mm headphone/microphone jack. All the devices feature an accessory spine, or Cover Port. along the bottom that has not changed in dimensions. The ports have been moved in different locations throughout the various generations of Surface tablets, and beginning with the Surface Pro 3, Microsoft moved to a fin-style connector called Surface Connect to charge the device.. While all Surface devices come in the Wi-Fi only models, some generations also feature the Wi-Fi with a cellular support. The cellular variants, however, do not support circuit-switched voice calls and texts, allowing only data connectivity. The cellular models have a micro-SIM slot at the bottom of the device, next to the Type Cover connecting pins.. The exterior of the earlier generations of Surface (2012 tablet, Pro, and Pro 2) is made of VaporMg magnesium alloy giving a semi-glossy black durable finish that Microsoft calls "dark titanium". [37] Originally, the design of Surface was to feature a full "VaporMg" design, but the production models ditched this and went with a "VaporMg" coating. [38] Later devices moved towards a matte gray finish showing the actual magnesium color through the semi-transparent top coating. [37] The Surface Laptop is available in four colors: platinum, graphite gold, burgundy, and cobalt blue. The Surface and Surface Pro lines feature a kickstand which flips out from the back of the device to prop it up, allowing the device to be stood up at an angle hands-free. According to Microsoft, this is great for watching movies, video chatting, and typing documents. According to some reviewers, this kickstand is uncomfortable to use in one's lap and means the device won't fit on shallow desks. [40] The first generation has a kickstand that can be set to a 22 degrees angle position. The second generation added a 55 degrees angle position which according to Microsoft makes the device more comfortable to type on the lap. The Surface 3 features three angle positions: 22, 44, and 60 degrees. The Surface Pro 3 is the first device to have a continuous kickstand that can be set at any angles between 22 and 150 degrees. With the fifth-generation Surface Pro, Microsoft added an additional 15 degrees of rotation to the hinge bringing the widest possible angle to 165 degrees, or what Microsoft calls "Studio Mode". On 6 October 2015, Microsoft unveiled the Surface Book , a 2-in-1 detachable with a mechanically-attached, durable hardware keyboard. It became the first Surface device to be marketed as a laptop instead of a tablet. The device has a teardrop design.. The Surface Book has what Microsoft calls a "dynamic fulcrum hinge" which allows the device to support the heavier notebook/screen portion. [42] The Surface Studio uses a "zero-gravity hinge" to be placed at multiple angles, from standing up to a drafting table position at 20 degrees. Another unique aspect of the Surface Book is an available discrete graphics adapter, contained in the keyboard module. This module can then be detached while the Surface Book is running, in which case the system automatically switches to the integrated graphics in the tablet unit.. On 26 October 2016, Microsoft unveiled an additional configuration, called the Surface Book with Performance Base, which has an upgraded processor and a longer battery life. The second generation Surface Book 2 was announced on 17 October 2017, introducing an upgraded ceramic hinge for stability, and lighter overall weight distribution. A 15-inch model was added to the line. On 3 May 2017, Microsoft unveiled the Surface Laptop , a non-detachable version of the Surface Book claiming to have the thinnest touch-enabled LCD panel of its kind. [46] Its permanently-attached hardware keyboard comes in four colors and uses the same kind of fabric as the Type Cover accessories for the tablets. The device comes with the newly announced Windows 10 S operating system, which enables faster boot times at the expense of the ability to download and install programs from the web instead of the Microsoft Store. It can be upgraded to Windows 10 Pro, which will be free until the end of 2017 and then cost $49 afterwards. On 26 October 2016, Microsoft announced a 28-inch all-in-one desktop PC, the Surface Studio. [47] The device claims to have the thinnest LCD ever made in an all-in-one PC. All its components, including the processor and a surround-sound system, are located in a compact base on which the screen is mounted upon via a flexible, four-point hinge. The design allows the screen to fold down to a 20-degree angle for physical interaction with the user. [48] It comes with the Windows 10 Anniversary Update preinstalled, but is optimized for the Windows 10 Creators Update released in April 2017.. On 21 January 2015, Microsoft introduced a new device category under the Surface family: the Surface Hub. Hz 4K or 55-inch 1080p multi-touch , multi-pen, wall-mounted all-in-one device, aimed for collaboration and videoconferencing use of businesses. The device runs a variant of the Windows 10 operating system. There have been numerous rumors that Microsoft is planning to introduce a Surface-branded smartphone. [50] [51] Sources say that the device is rumored to run a successor or evolved version of Windows 10 Mobile [52] [53] and that the device would replace the Microsoft Mobile -inherited Lumia family. Main articles: Windows 10 and Windows RT. Surface devices (except the Surface and Surface 2 models) sold since 29 July 2015, ship with the Windows 10 operating system. Also, up to July 2016, older models which shipped with Windows 8.1 were eligible for a free upgrade to Windows 10.. The original Surface and Surface 2 models use Windows RT , a special version of Windows 8 designed for devices with ARM processors and cannot be upgraded to Windows 10. However, there were several major updates made available after its initial release that include Windows RT 8.1, RT 8.1 Update 1, RT 8.1 August update, and RT 8.1 Update 3. These older, ARM-based models of Surface are not compatible with Windows 10, but received several new features including a new Start menu similar to that found in early preview builds of Windows 10. From Surface Pro 4 and onward, all Surface devices support Windows Hello facial biometric authentication out of the box through its cameras and IR-sensors. [56] The Surface Pro 3 can utilize the Surface Pro 4 Type Cover with Fingerprint ID to gain Windows Hello support. The Windows 10 user interface has two modes: desktop mode and tablet mode. When a keyboard is connected to the Surface, Windows 10 runs in desktop mode; when it is absent, Windows 10 runs in tablet mode.. When running in tablet mode, the start menu and all the apps run in full screen. All running apps are hidden from the taskbar and a back button appears. Swiping from the top closes the app while swiping from the left evokes the Task View and swiping from the right evokes the Action Center.. Several of the included apps updated with Windows 10 are: Mail , People , Camera, Calendar , Microsoft Edge , Xbox app , OneNote , Photos, Voice Recorder , Phone Companion, Calculator , Scan , Alarms & Clock, and the Microsoft Store. Other apps include Maps , Movies & TV , Groove Music , Microsoft Solitaire Collection and the MSN apps: Money, News, Weather, and Sports.. Surface devices come preloaded with the OneNote app for taking handwritten notes. Windows 10 also features a text input panel with handwriting recognition which automatically converts handwriting to text.. The Microsoft Edge browser features an inking function which allows handwritten annotations directly on webpages.. Microsoft has ported its Office suite for use on Windows 10 devices, including the Surface devices running Windows 10. As the screen size on these devices exceed 10 inches, the apps require an Office 365 subscription to edit documents, although it is not needed to view and print them.. Surface devices have an internal microphone and speakers optimized for the Cortana personal assistant feature included on Windows 10 devices.. Third-party applications that have been designed with the pen and touch interaction of Surface in mind include Drawboard PDF and Sketchable.. Prior to the release of Windows 10, on Surface Pro 3 Microsoft made the Surface Hub app available, which allowed the adjustment of Pen pressure sensitivity and button functions. [58] The Surface Hub app was renamed "Surface" following the launch of the Surface Hub device. Additionally, toggles to control sound quality and to disable the capacitive Windows button on the Surface 3 and Pro 3 devices were included. With Surface Pro 3 and the Surface Pen based on N-Trig technology, Microsoft added the capability to launch OneNote from the lock screen without logging in by pressing the purple button at the top of the pen. [60] Microsoft added sections to Windows 10 settings that have the ability to control the functions of the buttons on the Surface Pen. One such function is to launch OneNote with the press of the top button of the Surface Pro 4 pen. [61] With the introduction of the Surface Dial, Microsoft added a Wheel settings section to the Settings app in Windows 10 under Devices. [62] The Windows 10 Anniversary Update added the ability to adjust the shortcuts of each of the Pen's buttons performed. Main article: List of Surface accessories. The 2012 Surface tablet with Touch Cover 2 attached. Microsoft offer several Surface accessories, most of which are Bluetooth connected devices. Among these are the Surface Pen, the keyboard covers, and the Surface Dial.. There are two main versions of the keyboard covers that connect via the Accessory Spine on the Surface tablets. The now discontinued Touch Cover, and the ever-evolving Type Cover. They feature a full QWERTY keyboard, with pre-defined action keys in place of the function row, though the function row is still accessible via the function button, and a multi-touch trackpad. The covers are made of various soft-touch materials and connect to the Surface with a polycarbonate spine with pogo pins. Microsoft sells the Surface Pen, an active-digitzer pen, separate of Surface, but included it in all Surface tablets until the fifth-generation Surface Pro where it was removed. The Surface Pen is designed to integrate with inking capabilities on Windows including OneNote [66] and Windows Ink Workspace.. The Surface Dial was introduced alongside the Surface Studio, and is a computer wheel designed to work on-screen with the Surface Studio and fifth-generation Surface Pro. Previous Surface Pro devices were updated to support it as well.. In 2013, Microsoft announced that they were going to design other covers for the Surface accessory spine (code named "blades" [67] ) based on the Touch Cover 2's sensors. The only product that was shipped was the Surface Music Cover and the Surface Music Kit app. This section is missing information about the Surface Laptop specs. Please expand the section to include this information. Further details may exist on the talk page. 1366x768 pixels at 148 ppi. 1920x1080 pixels at 208 ppi. 1920x1280 pixels at 214 ppi. PCIe NVME SSD. Yes, via backlit IR camera. A Surface advert painted on the side of a building. In October 2012, Microsoft aired its first commercial ,directed by Jon Chu , for the Surface product line. The first 30-second commercial is the Surface Movement which focus on Windows RT version of the first generation of Surface with detachable keyboard and kickstand. [87] It first aired during Dancing with the Stars commercial break. In 2014, Microsoft announced a five-year, $400 million deal with the National Football League , in which Surface became the official tablet computer brand of the NFL. As part of the partnership, special, ruggedized Surface Pro 2 devices were issued to teams for use on the sidelines, allowing coaches and players view and annotate footage of previous plays. The partnership was initially hampered by television commentators, who erroneously referred to the devices as being an "iPad" on several occasions. Microsoft has since stated that it "coached" commentators on properly referring to the devices on-air. On January 11, 2016, Microsoft announced a collaboration with POW! WOW!. It includes a group of artists from around the world that utilizes various Surface devices, such as the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Book, to create a total of 17 murals. The artists are filmed using their Surface devices and explain how they integrate Surface into their workflow. The final products are then posted to YouTube that accompanies a post on the Microsoft Devices blog. On February 17, 2016, Microsoft announced that alongside the US Department of Defense's plans to upgrade to Windows 10, that it has approved Surface devices and certified them for use through the Defense Information Systems Agency Unified Capabilities Approved Products List. Surface Book, Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 3, and Surface 3 have all been approved as Multifunction Mobile Devices, thus meeting the necessary requirements for security and compatibility with other systems. This article needs to be updated. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. Reviews of the first-generation Surface RT by critics have ranged broadly. The hardware received mostly positive reviews, while the software and overall experience were mixed. Wired reviewer Mathew Honan stated that while "This is one of the most exciting pieces of hardware I’ve ever used. It is extremely well-designed; meticulous even," the tablets are "likely to confuse many of Microsoft’s longtime customers". [95] TechCrunch , [96] Matt Buchanan at BuzzFeed , [97] and Gizmodo recommended against purchasing the tablet. Gizmodo mentioned issues such as the high price tag and described it as similar but inferior to the iPad , but also praised the hardware saying, "You'll appreciate it every time you pick it up and turn it on. It's a simple, joyful experience." [98] David Pogue at The New York Times praised the hardware but criticized the software. [99] The Verge described the technology as fulfilling the role of a laptop or tablet "half as well as other devices on the market," adding "the whole thing is honestly perplexing." [100] Warner Crocker from Gotta Be Mobile described it as "frustratingly confusing." [101] Farhad Manjoo of Slate noted that the "shortcomings are puzzling" given how much time Microsoft spent developing the device. [102] Neil McAllister has noted the lack of a compelling case to switch from the iPad to a Windows RT device at the same price point, because Apple already has a strong network effect from their app developers and few Windows developers have ported their offerings over to the ARM processor. [103] The Surface RT had worse battery life than similar devices. [104] The first-generation Surface Pro has shorter battery life than the original ARM-based Surface due in part to its full HD screen and Intel Core i5 processor.. The Surface Pro 3 has received positive reviewers. David Pogue suggested "The upshot is that, with hardly any thickness or weight penalty, the kickstand and the Type Cover let you transform your 1.8-pound tablet into an actual, fast, luxury laptop". Pogue said that the Surface Pro 3's form factor works well as a tablet, in contrast to the Surface Pro 2, whose bulk and weight limited its appeal as a tablet. Pogue also stated that the new multi-stage kickstand, 3:2 screen aspect ratio, and new Type Cover 3 detachable keyboard made it a competent laptop. Another advantage of the Surface Pro 3 is that it is considered a tablet by the FAA and TSA , despite its hardware which makes it capable of running all x86 Windows programs. This is advantageous in air travel, since a tablet can be used during takeoff or landing, and a tablet can be left in a bag when going through a TSA scanner machine, neither of which apply to a laptop. [105] It has been suggested that the Surface Pro 3 comes closest to the Microsoft Tablet PC concept that company founder Bill Gates announced in 2001, [106] [105] being the first Surface to become a credible laptop replacement. [107] Time magazine included Microsoft Surface Pro 3 in the list of the 25 best inventions of 2014. The Surface 3 (non-Pro) has received generally positive reviews from computer critics. They praised Microsoft's shift from ARM architecture toward x86 , and therefore from Windows RT to a regular Windows OS. Most noted a well designed chassis and accessories produced of quality materials, and overall premium feeling of use. While less powerful, the Surface 3 was a lighter and cheaper alternative to the Surface Pro 3. More importantly, the Surface 3 could compete at the high-end of Android and iPad tablets, with the advantage of being a device running a full desktop OS instead of a mobile OS for a similar price. [109] Reviewers also note that 37 GB [110] of the total storage space in the low-end Surface 3 is available to the user, while its close competitor, the low-end iPad Air 2 , has only 12.5 GB of user-available storage space for the same price. [111] [112] The most common downsides are relatively low battery life, slower performance compared to devices with Intel Core processors [112] [113] and a high price since accessories like Surface Pen and Type Cover are not included. When Surface was first announced, critics noted that the device represented a significant departure for Microsoft, as the company had previously relied exclusively on third-party OEMs to produce devices running Windows, and began shifting towards a first-party hardware model with similarities to that of Apple. [115] [116] Steve Ballmer said that like Xbox , Surface was an example of the sort of hardware products Microsoft will release in the future. Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), whose products have traditionally run Microsoft operating systems, have had positive responses to the release of Surface. [118] HP , Lenovo , Samsung , and Dell [119] applauded Microsoft's decision to create its own Tablet PC and said that relationships with Microsoft have not changed. John Solomon, senior vice president of HP, said that "Microsoft was basically making a leadership statement and showing what's possible in the tablet space". [120] [121] Acer founder Stan Shih said that he believed Microsoft only introduced its own hardware in order to establish the market and would then withdraw in favor of its OEMs. However, others believe that OEMs were left sidelined by the perception that Microsoft's new tablet would replace their products. [123] [124] Acer chairman JT Wang advised Microsoft to "please think twice". [125] Microsoft has acknowledged that Surface may "affect their commitment" of partners to the Windows platform. The need for the Surface to market an ARM-compatible version of Windows was questioned by analysts because of recent developments in the PC industry; both Intel and AMD introduced x86-based system-on-chip designs for Windows 8, Atom "Clover Trail" and "Temash" respectively, in response to the growing competition from ARM licensees. In particular, Intel claimed that Clover Trail-based tablets could provide battery life rivaling that of ARM devices; in a test by PC World , Samsung's Clover Trail-based Ativ Smart PC was shown to have battery life exceeding that of the first gen ARM-based Surface. Peter Bright of Ars Technica argued that Windows RT had no clear purpose, since the power advantage of ARM-based devices was "nowhere near as clear-cut as it was two years ago", and that users would be better off purchasing Office 2013 themselves because of the removed features and licensing restrictions of Office RT. First-generation Surface tablets for sale at a Microsoft Store. Sales of the first generation Surface did not meet Microsoft's expectations, which led to price reductions and other sales incentives. In March 2013, Bloomberg reported from inside sources that Surface sales were behind expectations, particularly of the ARM-based Surface model. Microsoft had originally projected sales of 2 million Surface units during the final quarter of 2012, a total of 1.5 million Surface devices had been sold since launch with Surface Pro accounting for 400,000 of these sales. The more expensive Surface Pro, with its Intel CPU that makes it a full-fledged Windows laptop PC, despite its compromises, was successful compared to other OEMs' first-generation Windows 8 Ultrabook hybrids which were larger and/or more expensive.. In July 2013, Steve Ballmer revealed that the Surface hasn't sold as well as he hoped. [132] He reported that Microsoft had made a loss of US$ 900,000,000 due to the lackluster Surface sales. Concurrently, Microsoft cut the price of first-gen Surface worldwide by 30%, with its U.S. price falling to US$ 350. [133] [134] [135] [136] This was followed by a further price cut in August after it was revealed that even the marketing costs had exceed the sales. [137] On August 4, 2013, the cost of Surface Pro was cut by $100 giving it an entry price of $799. Several law firms sued Microsoft, accusing the company of misleading shareholders about sales of the first-gen ARM based Surface tablet, calling it an "unmitigated disaster". [138] In the first two years of sales, Microsoft lost almost two billion dollars. The poor sales of the ARM-based Surface tablet had been credited to the continuing market dominance of Microsoft's competitors in the tablet market. Particularly, Apple's iPad retained its dominance due its App store offering the most tablet-optimized applications. Most OEMs opted to produce tablets running Google Android, which came in a wide variety of sizes and prices (albeit with mixed success among most OEMs), and Google Play had the second-largest selection of tablet applications. By contrast there was a limited amount of software designed specifically for Surface's operating system, Windows RT, the selection which was even weaker than Windows Phone. [140] Indeed, OEMs reported that most customers felt Intel-based tablets were more appropriate for use in business environments, as they were compatible with the much more widely available x86 programs while Windows RT was not. Microsoft's subsequent efforts have been focused upon refining the Surface Pro and making it a viable competitor in the premium ultra-mobile PC category, against other Ultrabooks and the MacBook Air , while discontinuing development of ARM-powered Surface devices as the Surface 3 (non-Pro) had an Intel x86 CPU (albeit with lower performance than the Surface Pro 3). Surface Pro 3 promotion in front of a Microsoft Store. The resultant Surface Pro 3 succeeded in garnering a great interest in the Surface line, making Surface business profitable for the first time in fiscal year Q1 2015. [142] Later in Q2, the Surface division's sales topped $1 billion. [143] Surface division scored $888 million for Q4 2015 despite an overall loss of $2.1 billion for Microsoft, a 117% year-over-year growth thanks to the steady commercial performance of Surface Pro 3 and the launch of mainstream model Surface 3. [144] In the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 the Surface division posted its best earnings performance to date. Users on Microsoft's support forum reported that some Touch Covers were splitting at the seam where it connects to the tablet, exposing its wiring. A Microsoft spokesperson stated that the company was aware of the issue, and would offer free replacements for those who have been affected by the defect. [146] [147] Other users reported issues with audio randomly stuttering or muting on the Surface tablet while in use. [148] Wi-Fi connectivity issues were also reported. Firmware updates that attempted to fix the problem were released, but some users still reported problems like blue screen errors while watching video and crash of display driver. [149] [150] [151] Microsoft has acknowledged a bug in the Windows key that does not always work, but has promised a fix. [152] The latest update, which promised to fix the issue, was not able to fix it. With the original Surface Pro, Microsoft acknowledged issues encountered by some users with its stylus pen, including intermittent pen failures, and with older applications that do not have complete pen support due to the different APIs used by Surface Pro's stylus drivers. In the latter case, Microsoft has indicated that it is working with software vendors to ensure better compatibility. [154] [155] As for later models beginning with the Surface Pro 3, the N-Trig digital pen digitizer system has attained high pen compatibility with older applications thanks to a regularly updated, optional WinTab driver. [156] Issues had also been experienced with slow Wi-Fi connectivity, and the device not properly returning from standby. iFixit has awarded the Surface Pro its worst ever repairability rating, but CEO Kyle Wiens claims that it is due to incompetence rather than deliberate design choices. Source: Microsoft Devices Blog. ^ Thomson, Iain (June 20, 2012). "Pegatron named as Microsoft Surface fondleslab foundry". ^ "Microsoft's new iPad rival Surface for Windows RT release date". Retrieved July 30, 2012. ^ "Surface Pro Release Date". Retrieved June 28, 2014. "What OEMs desperately need to learn from Microsoft's Surface | ZDNet". ^ "Why Lenovo's MIIX 700 is a good thing for Windows 10 and the Surface brand". ^ "Microsoft wants other PC makers to copy the Surface Dial controller". "The World Finally Admits Microsoft Surface Is the Shit". ^ "Microsoft becomes a form factor trend setter". ^ Hardawar, Devindra (2 May 2017). "Microsoft's Surface Laptop is built to beat Apple's MacBooks". Retrieved 2 May 2017. ^ Warren, Tom (2 May 2017). "Microsoft unveils $999 Surface Laptop running Windows 10 S". Retrieved 2 May 2017. ^ "Microsoft announces "Surface Studio", an all-in-one touch PC for creators". ^ "Microsoft Announces Surface Hub, A 4K 84-inch Windows 10 Powered Display [Video] | Redmond Pie". "Microsoft Announces New 'Surface' Tablet PC". Retrieved June 19, 2012. ^ Tu, Janet I. "Ballmer trumpets Microsoft's 'epic year ' ". Retrieved September 19, 2012. ^ "Microsoft Surface: Pricing and Availability". Retrieved October 16, 2012. ^ "Microsoft Surface Windows RT device Now available to pre order". ^ "Microsoft Surface Preorders Open". Retrieved October 16, 2012. ^ "Microsoft to launch Surface at midnight on October 26th". ^ Panay, Panos (January 22, 2013). "Growing the Surface Family: Surface Windows 8 Pro Availability Confirmed". ^ "Microsoft Announces Surface: New Family of PCs for Windows". Retrieved June 20, 2012. " " Surface sales 'modest' so far, Ballmer modestly admits. ^ "Next Up for the Surface Family: Surface with Windows 8 Pro – Pricing". Retrieved February 17, 2013. ^ "Microsoft Surface Pro Tablet to Launch Feb. Retrieved January 23, 2013. " " Nemo cancels Microsoft's Surface Pro launch. ^ Foley, Mary Jo. " " Microsoft's Surface Pro launch marred by supply shortages. ^ "Dell to start selling Microsoft's Surface Pro in new enterprise push". Retrieved 8 September 2015. ^ "Dell, HP to resell Microsoft's Surface Pro tablets". Retrieved 8 September 2015. Archived from the original on October 26, 2015. ^ "After a number of delays, Microsoft begins shipping Surface Hubs". ^ Howse, Brett (24 June 2016). "Microsoft Confirms Surface 3 Production to End in December". Retrieved 28 June 2016. ^ Ian Cutress (29 April 2016). "Intel's Changing Future: Smartphone SoCs Broxton & SoFIA Officially Cancelled". ^ "Microsoft unveils pricey but powerful Surface Book update, Surface Studio at NY event". ^ "Microsoft spins the innovation wheel, wins big with Surface Dial". ^ "Microsoft unveils a new tablet that's designed to compete with Apple's wildly popular iPad". ^ "Microsoft launches new Surface Pro". ^ a b Tuesday, May 27, 2014 at 3:18 pm EDT (2014-05-27). "Panos Panay and the Surface team just finished their Reddit AMA, here are the highlights". CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list ( link ). ^ "Microsoft reportedly dumps 'VaporMg' chassis, will use 'VaporMg' only as 'surface treatment' – MacDailyNews - Welcome Home". ^ Thorp-Lancaster, Dan (2 May 2017). "Surface Laptop's four colors only available on single model in U.S. Retrieved 2 May 2017. "Microsoft Surface 3 Review & Rating". Retrieved July 12, 2015. ^ "Should you buy the Surface Pro 4 instead of the new Surface Pro?". ^ Webster, Andrew (2015-10-06). "This is how Surface Book's crazy hinge works". ^ "Microsoft Surface Studio turns PC into draft tablet: First look". ^ "Surface Book - The Ultimate i5 or i7 powered Laptop Computer". ^ "The Surface Book 2's secret weapon is ceramic, says Panos Panay". ^ a b Ackerman, Dan (May 2, 2017). "Surface Laptop is Microsoft's $999 flagship for Windows 10 S". Retrieved May 4, 2017. Retrieved 27 October 2016. ^ Moynihan, Tim (October 26, 2016). "Look at Microsoft's Fancy Surface Studio All-in-One PC". Retrieved May 5, 2017. Retrieved 22 January 2015. ^ Riley, Sean (March 27, 2017). "Microsoft Surface Phone Rumors: What You Can Expect". Retrieved May 5, 2017. ^ Roy, Ritwik (March 24, 2017). "Microsoft Surface Phone's biggest challenge is converting Android and iOS users; Desktop-like power is what the company is aiming for". Retrieved May 5, 2017. ^ "Growing the Surface Family: Microsoft surface phone". ^ "Rumor: Microsoft's new phone called Surface Mobile, has projector, supports Surface Pen | On MSFT". ^ "Microsoft surface phone; delayed until 2019". ^ "Microsoft's Windows 8.1 RT Update 3 said to include smaller Start menu - but not much else". ^ "How to set up Windows Hello on your Surface device". ^ "Should you upgrade your Surface Pro 2 or Surface Pro 3 to the Surface Pro 4?". ^ "The brand new Surface Hub application is now available in the Windows Store - Microsoft Devices BlogMicrosoft Devices Blog". "Microsoft Surface app | Adjust Surface Pen settings | Disable Windows button". "Microsoft Surface Pen with two side buttons". "Using Surface Pen with single button on flat edge". ^ "What's your frequency? Tuning into the Surface Dial". ^ "What's new in digital pen settings for the Windows 10 Anniversary Update". ^ "Microsoft Type Cover with Fingerprint ID Review". ^ "[Q] MS Surface Cover Connector Pinout". ^ Warren, Tom (2013-09-24). "Surface blades: Microsoft bets on accessories as the future of tablets". ^ Pierce, David (2013-09-23). "Surface Remix Project: hands-on with Microsoft's crazy new DJ tool". ^ "More limited edition Surface Music Covers available through new remixing contest". ^ "Microsoft reveals Surface Music Cover, gives DJs and producers more musical tools (updated)". ^ Surface (2013-09-23), Surface Workshop at Art Center College of Design , retrieved 2016-11-21. Retrieved February 13, 2015. ^ "Surface 2 Specifications". Retrieved February 13, 2015. ^ "Surface 3 Specifications". Retrieved March 31, 2015. ^ "Update Microsoft Surface from Windows 8 to Windows 8.1". ^ "Surface Pro Specifications". Retrieved February 13, 2015. ^ "Surface Pro 2 Specifications". Retrieved February 13, 2015. ^ "Surface Pro 3 Specifications". Retrieved February 13, 2015. ^ "Surface Pro 4 Specifications". Retrieved October 6, 2015. ^ "Surface Pro Technical Specs". Retrieved May 23, 2017. ^ "Surface Book | Everything you need to know about the full power of Surface Book". Retrieved 2 November 2016. ^ "Microsoft Surface Book 2 Specs | Powerhouse Performance | Surface". Retrieved 25 October 2017. ^ "GPU Gaming Performance - The Microsoft Surface Book Review". Retrieved 28 October 2017. ^ "Microsoft Surface Book Teardown - iFixit". Retrieved 28 October 2017. ^ "Microsoft Surface Studio | Tech Specs". Retrieved 4 November 2016. ^ Eyota, Karry (29 October 2016). "Microsoft Surface Studio Processor Specification Revealed". Retrieved 4 November 2016. ^ "Microsoft's first Surface commercial shows off click-in keyboard [video]". Retrieved 7 October 2015. ^ "Microsoft 'Surface' Has Top Tablet Ad". Retrieved 7 October 2015. ^ "How Microsoft redesigned the Surface Pro for the NFL". Retrieved 4 June 2015. ^ "The NFL Says Goodbye to the Polaroid, Hello to Microsoft's Surface Tablet". Retrieved 4 June 2015. ^ "On the sidelines: how the NFL is making use of the Surface Pro 2". Retrieved 4 June 2015. ^ "After Coaching From Microsoft, NFL Announcers Have Gotten Very Good At Identifying Surface Tablets". Retrieved 4 June 2015. ^ "Jasper Wong creates the first in a series of 17 murals for Designed on Surface". ^ "Surface now approved for U.S. ^ Honan, Mathew (October 23, 2012). Retrieved 17 January 2013. ^ Don’t Call The New Microsoft Surface RT A Tablet, This Is A PC , TechCrunch , October 23, 2012. More, And Less, Than An iPad , Buzzfeed. ^ Microsoft Surface RT Review: This Is Technological Heartbreak , Gizmodo. ^ Pogue, David (October 23, 2012). "Microsoft Unveils the Surface, Its First Tablet". ^ Microsoft Surface review , The Verge. ^ Microsoft Surface RT Review: This Thing Confuses Me at Gotta Be Mobile. ^ Manjoo, Farhad (November 5, 2012). "Why Is the Surface So Bad?". Archived from the original on November 6, 2012. Retrieved January 27, 2013. " " Microsoft's ARM blunder: 7 reasons why Windows RT was DOA. ^ Anthony, Sebastian (2013-10-21). "Why do Windows PCs have such terrible battery life compared to Mac and iOS?". ^ a b Eadicicco, Lisa. "POGUE: The Surface Pro 3 Is The One Time Windows 8 Isn't A Disaster". ^ Bohn, Dieter (May 23, 2014). ^ "Microsoft's Panos Panay talks about the death and rebirth of the Surface". ^ "The 25 Best Inventions of 2014". Retrieved 19 January 2015. ^ a b Hardawar, Devindra (15 April 2015). "Surface 3 review: Finally, a cheap Surface you'd actually want". Retrieved 8 June 2015. Retrieved 21 July 2015. ^ Keizer, Gregg (3 April 2015). "Benchmark scores show performance gap between Surface 3 and Surface Pro 3, iPad Air 2". Retrieved 6 April 2015. ^ a b c Smith, Matt. "The new Surface 3 runs full-blown Windows 8.1 just like its Pro sibling". Retrieved 8 June 2015. ^ Martin, Jim (12 May 2015). "Microsoft Surface 3 review: cheaper but not better than the Surface Pro 3". Retrieved 12 June 2015. ^ Howse, Brett (4 May 2015). Retrieved 8 June 2015. ^ "With the Surface, Microsoft just started writing its next chapter". Retrieved June 16, 2013. ^ "Microsoft breaks tradition with Microsoft Surface tablets". Retrieved June 16, 2013. "Ballmer aims chair at Apple after Windows package miss." The Register , October 10, 2012. ^ Kan, Michael (August 17, 2012). "Lenovo Not Worried About Microsoft's Surface Tablet, Expects to Beat It". ^ Robinson, Seth (2012-08-21). "Windows 8 Launch, Microsoft Surface: Michael Dell's Spin". "HP Targets Microsoft Surface With New Windows 8 Convertible PC". ^ Williams, Martyn (2012-08-30). "Lenovo exec welcomes Microsoft tablet competition". ^ Epstein, Zach (June 20, 2012). "Microsoft's tablet efforts are fleeting, says Acer founder". ^ Crothers, Brooke (June 27, 2012). "Microsoft to feel Surface heat from PC makers". ^ Fingas, Jon (June 21, 2012). "Acer is skeptical of Surface tablets, thinks Microsoft isn't playing nice". ^ "Acer chief takes aim at Microsoft Surface." FT , August 6, 2012. "Microsoft Surface slate: Acer, resellers predict a riot." The Register , 7 August 2012. "Why Windows RT is hurtling toward disaster". Retrieved January 27, 2013. ^ "Can Intel Challenge ARM's Mobile Dominance?". Retrieved November 22, 2012. "Now that it's here, is there a place for Windows RT?". Retrieved November 22, 2012. ^ "Desperate Microsoft wants to pay you at least $200 to trade in your iPad for a Surface tablet – MacDailyNews - Welcome Home". ^ "Microsoft offering $200 for your iPad in desperate attempt to sell Surface tablets". Archived from the original on September 15, 2013. Retrieved October 27, 2017. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown ( link ). ^ "Steve Ballmer Admits Microsoft's iPad-Killer Is A Flop". Retrieved September 4, 2013. ^ "Microsoft's Surface Tablet Is Said to Fall Short of Predictions". Retrieved May 21, 2013. ^ "Microsoft Misses, Takes a $900 Million Charge on Surface RT Stock". Retrieved July 25, 2013. ^ "Microsoft cuts Surface RT prices by 30 percent worldwide, hopes to boost slow sales". Retrieved July 25, 2013. ^ Lowe, Scott (July 18, 2013). "Microsoft Lost $900 Million on Surface RT in Q1". Retrieved July 20, 2013. ^ Steven Musil (2013-08-04). " " Microsoft cuts Surface Pro tablet prices by $100. ^ Keizer, Gregg (2013-08-13). "Lawyers sue Microsoft over Surface RT 'unmitigated disaster ' ". ^ Hruska, Joel (6 August 2014). "Microsoft's Surface Losses Approach $2B, How Much More Will Redmond Take?". Retrieved 6 August 2014. ^ a b Brad Reed (2014-07-09). "Microsoft Surface Pro 3 sales: Better than expected?". ^ Bott, Ed (2014-06-19). "How Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 marketing push backfired". ^ Keizer, Gregg (25 October 2015). "Microsoft's Surface turns first profit in 2 years". Retrieved 24 July 2015. ^ Fiegerman, Seth (27 January 2015). "Microsoft Surface sales topped $1 billion in December quarter". Retrieved 24 July 2015. ^ "Microsoft reports big losses in the fourth quarter". ^ "Surface tablet's Touch Cover splits at seam, users gripe". Retrieved November 15, 2012. ^ Arthur, Charles (November 9, 2012). "Microsoft Surface Touch Cover splits within days, some users complain". Retrieved November 15, 2012. ^ "Microsoft Surface updates out now, make apps load faster". Retrieved November 15, 2012. ^ "Tablet Under Budget". ^ Shah, Agam (2012-11-14). "Microsoft Surface users complain about Wi-Fi problems". ^ Bogdan Popa (2012-12-20). "Microsoft Claims It Fixed the Surface Wi-Fi Bug, Users Say It Didn't - Softpedia". ^ Bogdan Popa (2013-03-28). "Microsoft Confirms Surface Windows Key Bug, Promises Fix - Softpedia". ^ "Microsoft Surface Problems: Surface with Windows RT Home Button Fails to Wake Tablet Despite June Update. ^ "Microsoft investigating issue with pen detection affecting subset of Surface Pro owners". Retrieved 27 February 2013. ^ "Surface Pro lacks full pen support in key apps, Microsoft says it's on the case (updated)". Retrieved 27 February 2013. ^ "Download Surface Pro 3 from Official Microsoft Download Center". ^ "Surface RT gets improved speaker volume with latest firmware updates". Retrieved June 17, 2013. ^ "Surface Pro has trouble waking up". Retrieved June 17, 2013. ^ Nichols, Shaun (28 March 2012). "iFixit boss: Apple has 'done everything it can to put repair guys out of business ' ". Retrieved 28 March 2012 .. Windows -powered tablet computers and 2-in-1 PCs. Where do you want to go today? (1994). Categories : Microsoft Surface Products introduced in 2012 Windows RT devices. Hidden categories: All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from November 2016 CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown Use mdy dates from October 2012 Articles to be expanded from May 2017 Wikipedia articles in need of updating from June 2015 All Wikipedia articles in need of updating Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español فارسی Français 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული മലയാളം Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português Română Русский Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська 中文. This page was last edited on 18 February 2018, at 19:07. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Have an account? Log in. Pending follow request from @ surface. Cancel your follow request to @ surface. Welcome to the official Twitter page for Microsoft Surface. For technical support, tweet @ MicrosoftHelps .. Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @ surface. Before the rubber meets the road, custom bike builder Bujar Muharremi makes sure # SurfacePen meets # SurfacePro. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Marcus Rivero of @ SolesBySir designs custom footwear for some of the @ NFL ’s biggest stars. The accuracy of # SurfacePen and the power of # SurfacePro help him mimic real-life airbrushing, and make great strides with his business and his creativity. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. # SurfacePro is turning 5! And to celebrate this milestone, @ panos_panay takes a look back at where it all started and how far we’ve come. # Surface5Year http:// msft.social/t49I9u. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Huge desktop drafting table to crystal clear touch display with just a lift of the finger. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Tell your friends and family it's time to join the # SurfaceFam. And this weekend, they can save on # SurfacePro. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Merging traditional manufacturing techniques with modern technology helps Bujar Muharremi create works of art on two wheels. And he does it all on his # SurfacePro. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. The February update has landed! We just rolled out vector graphics in CC libraries, pen and touch support, maintaining scroll position, layout grids in Design Specs, and more in # AdobeXD. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. A deep dive into the past, present, and future of # SurfacePro with @ panos_panay and @ FastCompany. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. We wish you wealth and prosperity in the Year of the Dog. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Amazon Music for Windows 10 is now in the @ MicrosoftStore. Yes it does, especially on your # Surface. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. # WindowsTip : Have Cortana read to you, and six other cool things you can do with PDFs in Microsoft Edge: http:// msft.social/G3W54w. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. @ ralfgroene talks the Surface Pro 5th Anniversary and how being relentless pays off, "If you try hard and keep at it, big things are possible." # Surface5Year pic.twitter.com/aaL8F73XJj. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. @ brookeshaden shows us how # Surface and # SurfacePen makes adjusting curves in @ Photoshop fast and easy. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Five years ago today, a revolution was born when Surface turned Pro. And it was just the start. Tell us why you love your # SurfacePro. # Surface5Year # FBF pic.twitter.com/VCjvnfPTxY. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Microsoft Build returns to Seattle May 7-9, 2018. Developers, join us as we explore the future of technology. # MSBuild http:// msft.social/F1IEcK. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. By tethering to a camera, photo pros are able to view, select, and edit their shots right on the # SurfacePro. It’s a high-end photo studio, anywhere... even at # SBLII pic.twitter.com/RYBR4l36Pi. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. What a great finale to an inspirational season of # SurfaceCreateChange ! Check out how # SBLII week wrapped up with our amazing # NFL players. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. When the difference is in the details, precision is paramount. # SurfaceBook2 # SurfacePen # SurfacePrecisionMouse pic.twitter.com/rNSEPbsAix. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Time’s almost up to double your donation! Give your # MicrosoftRewards points by 2/5 to # SurfaceCreateChange and Microsoft will match them! http:// msft.social/wDsfj3. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.. Loading seems to be taking a while.. Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.. Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!. You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history.. Public · Anyone can follow this list. Private · Only you can access this list. Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.. Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy .. Don't have an account? Sign up ». Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.. Have an account? Log in ». Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:. AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata. » See SMS short codes for other countries. This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.. Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.. Say a lot with a little. When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets the person who wrote it know you shared the love.. The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.. Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.. Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.. Get more of what you love. Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.. See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.. Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Single Serve & Keurig® K-Cup® Pods. Plus Membership - for small businesses. Premium Membership - for mid-to-large businesses. 1 Hour Store Pick Up Deals. Please enter a valid City, St or Zip Code. Check item availability and take advantage of 1-hour pickup option at your store. Set store to pick up today. The 'From' value should be less than 'To' value. Please enter a valid price range. Microsoft Surface devices deliver exceptional versatility in an easy-to-transport form. The powerful all-in-one computers do not require an external monitor or input device. This ensures you can use them in almost any setting and enjoy fast response times and quick computing. Precise Touchscreen Surface The surface of the Surface quickly and accurately relays pressure to compatible programs. This allows you to use it to draw, type or edit photos and video with just the swipe of your hands. The exceptional precision is a great boon for artists and media composers as well as everyday office users and commuters. Optional Peripherals The Microsoft Surface allows you to add peripherals such as cases and keyboards to further expand the capabilities of the device. Quickly and easily connect a mouse or numeric entry keypad for further input options. The wide selection of available portable computer accessories makes it easy to customize the Microsoft Surface to meet the needs of yourself or your office. Wireless Connectivity Microsoft Surface devices feature wireless connectivity that allows you to access the Internet through available connection points. The wireless connectivity also extends to other wireless devices, allowing you to network multiple components. Quickly and easily set up presentations and demonstrations without the need for additional wires and adapters. Exceptional Compatibility The Windows operating system ensures compatibility with many popular productivity suites and communications tools. Simple teleconferencing and advanced collaboration and peer-to-peer collaborations are available using the device. This exceptional compatibility makes it easy to pick the right programs for your needs, allowing you to make the most of the all-in-one computing solution. Trending Microsoft Surface | Microsoft Surface | StarTech Microsoft Surface | 3M Microsoft Surface | Compulocks Microsoft Surface | Kensington Microsoft Surface | Nuvision Microsoft Surface | Trident Microsoft Surface | Incipio® MRSF069BLK | Incipio® MRSF069BLK. Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3” Multi-touch, 7th-generation Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro. Size: 12.3" best-in-class laptop, with the versatility of a studio and tablet. 12.3" PixelSense Display with 10 point-multi touch, 2736 x 1824 (267 PPI) resolution. Item : 2724553. Microsoft® Surface Book 2 HMW-00001 13.5" 2-In-1 Laptop, 256GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro, Silver. 13.5" PixelSense touchscreen LCD display with 3000 x 2000 resolution 3:2 aspect ratio, 1600:1 contrast ratio, 10-point multi-touch G5 touch, 267 PPI. 7th gen Intel Core i5-7300U dual core 2.6 GHz clock (3.5 GHz turbo) processor with 3MB cache. Performs on Windows 10 Pro OS. Item : 24259376. Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3" Multi-touch, 7th-generation Intel Core i7, 512GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro. Size: 12.3" best-in-class laptop, with the versatility of a studio and tablet. 12.3" PixelSense Display with 10 point-multi touch, 2736 x 1824 (267 PPI) resolution. Item : 2724550. Dimensions: 0.31"H x 0.87"W x 1.65"D. Compatible with Microsoft surface pen with single side button. Item : 24254419. Microsoft Surface Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter, Windows 10/8.1, Black. Has DisplayPort v1.1a standard, VGA interfaces. Dimensions: 0.58"H x 1.13"W x 9.17"D. Item : 24254422. Microsoft® Surface Book 2 HNN-00001 13.5" 2-In-1 Laptop, 1TB SSD, Windows 10 Pro, Silver. 13.5" PixelSense touchscreen LCD display with 3000 x 2000 resolution 3:2 aspect ratio, 1600:1 contrast ratio, 10-point multi-touch G5 touch, 267 PPI. 8th gen Intel Core i7-8650U quad core 1.9 GHz (4.2 GHz turbo) processor with 8MB cache. Performs on Windows 10 Pro OS. Item : 24259375. Battery lasts up to 12 months. Has Bluetooth 4.0/4.1 LE connectivity and operates at 2.4 GHz frequency range. Dimensions: 1.3"H x 2.5"W x 4.5"D. Item : 24254423. Microsoft Surface 13.5" Laptop, 16GB, Windows 10 S, Platinum. 13.5" laptop is designed for all-day performance. 13.5" PixelSense™ 10-point multi-touch corning Gorilla glass, resolution: 2256 x 1504. 7th gen Intel dual core i7 processor. Item : 24254418. Microsoft® Surface Book 2 HNL-00001 13.5" 2-In-1 Laptop, 512GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro, Silver. 13.5" PixelSense touchscreen LCD display with 3000 x 2000 resolution 3:2 aspect ratio, 1600:1 contrast ratio, 10-point multi-touch G5 touch, 267 PPI. 8th gen Intel Core i7-8650U quad core 1.9 GHz (4.2 GHz turbo) processor with 8MB cache. Performs on Windows 10 Pro OS. Item : 24259374. Microsoft Surface Studio 42L-00001 28" All-In-One Desktop Computer, 64GB SSD/1TB HDD, Windows 10 Pro, Silver. 28" touchscreen LCD PixelSense technology with 4500 x 3000 resolution. 6th gen Intel Core i5-6440HQ quad core 2.6 GHz (3.5 GHz turbo) processor with 6MB installed cache. Performs on Windows 10 Pro OS. Item : 24194504. 3M ™ PFTMS001 Privacy Screen Filter for 13.7" Microsoft Surface Pro 3/Pro 4. Privacy screen filter helps you keep confidential information private. Compatible with 13.7" Microsoft Surface Pro 3/Pro 4. Reduces smudges, dust, scratches and fingerprints on the device's display. Item : IM12M9891. StarTech Microsoft® Surface™ Pro 3 HDMI VGA and Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Bundle, Black. Compatle with Microsoft Surface Pro 3. Supports PC resolutions up to 1920 x 1200 and HDTV resolutions up to 1080p. Item : IM1VW2985. Microsoft® Surface Book 2 FVH-00001 15" 2-In-1 Laptop, 1TB SSD, Windows 10 Pro, Silver. 15" PixelSense touchscreen LCD display with 3240 x 2160 resolution, 3:2 aspect ratio, 1600:1 contrast ratio, 10-point multi-touch G5 touch, 260 PPI. 8th gen Intel Core i7-8650U dual core 1.9 GHz (4.2 GHz turbo) processor with 8MB cache. Performs on Windows 10 Pro OS. Item : 24259372. Microsoft® Surface Book 2 FUX-00001 15" 2-In-1 Laptop, 512GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro, Silver. 15" PixelSense touchscreen LCD display with 3240 x 2160 resolution, 3:2 aspect ratio, 1600:1 contrast ratio, 10-point multi-touch G5 touch, 260 PPI. 8th gen Intel Core i7-8650U dual core 1.9 GHz (4.2 GHz turbo) processor with 8MB cache. Performs on Windows 10 Pro OS. Item : 24259371. Microsoft Surface Pro Signature Type Cover, Aqua. Battery lasts up to 13.5 hrs. Dimensions: 0.2"H x 11.6"W x 8.5"D. Item : 24254416. StarTech Accessory Kit For Surface 3 and Surface Pro 3. Accessory kit for surface 3 and Surface Pro 3. Enhance the capabilities of your surface 3, with an accessory kit that enables you to connect to any wired network. Item : IM11N0109. Microsoft® Surface Book 2 HN4-00001 13.5" 2-In-1 Laptop, 256GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro, Silver. 13.5" PixelSense touchscreen LCD display with 3000 x 2000 resolution 3:2 aspect ratio, 1600:1 contrast ratio, 10-point multi-touch G5 touch, 267 PPI. 8th gen Intel Core i7-8650U quad core 1.9 GHz (4.2 GHz turbo) processor with 8MB cache. Performs on Windows 10 Pro OS. Item : 24259377. Microsoft Surface DAG-00007 13.5" Laptop, 256GB, Windows 10 S, Cobalt Blue. 13.5" touchscreen LCD PixelSense technology with 2256 x 1504 resolution. 7th gen Intel Core i5-7300U dual core 2.6 GHz processor. Performs on Windows 10 S OS. Item : 24167821. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Tablet Cover With Fingerprint ID, Black. Dimensions: 0.2"H x 11.6"W x 8.5"D. Compatible with Microsoft Surface Pro, Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 3. Item : 24254421. Microsoft® Surface DAG-00003 13.5" Laptop, 256GB, Windows 10 S, Graphite Gold. 13.5" touchscreen LCD PixelSense technology with 2256 x 1504 resolution. 7th gen Intel Core i5-7300U dual core 2.6 GHz processor. Performs on Windows 10 S OS. Item : 24167816. Microsoft Surface Pro Signa Type Cover, Assorted. Supported Platforms: Surface Pro, Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 3. Dimensions: 11.60 x 8.54 x 0.20 in (295 x 217 x 5 mm). Item : SS6687904. Mounting Adapter for Microsoft Surface Tablets, Black. Suitable for use with Kraken A.M.S. Series for tablets, Microsoft Surface 3 Cyclops, Surface Pro 3 Cyclops and Microsoft tablet PC cyclops cases. Comes in black color and has shock-resistant inner padding for better use. Dimensions: 8.06"H x 3.46"W x 1.02"D. Item : 2419421. Microsoft Surface QC7-00001 Pro 4 Type Cover, Black. Optimally spaced keys facilitate quick typing. Backlit design for use in dim lighting. Item : 1929435. Refurbished Microsoft Surface 3, Intel Processor, 64GB, 10.8" display (Windows 10). Type Cover designed for Surface 3 and Surface Pen sold separately. Quad Core Intel Atom x7 processor 1.6Ghz (2.4Ghz burst speed). Item : 2609823. California Transparency in Supply Chains Act. Email Address * Confirm Email Address * Submit. Get the mobile app iOS Android. This Web site is intended for use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2016 , Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved.. 
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!. The next video is starting stop. Surface Pro and Bujar Muharemmi – Motorcycle design meets modern tech. Motorcycle designer Bujar Muharemmi started his custom bike shop with a simple idea: merging old school manufacturing techniques with modern technology. The new Surface Pro is the perfect tool to do things differently. He can sketch out his designs, create 3D renderings and put together interactive presentations - it's everything he needs. Surface Pro and Bujar Muharemmi – Motorcycle design meets modern tech - Duration: 31 seconds.. Surface Pro and Leann Emmert –Scouting locations for Pacific Rim Uprising - Duration: 31 seconds.. (Featuring Imagine Dragons) - Duration: 31 seconds.. Introducing Surface Laptop with entrepreneur and designer Xyla Foxlin - Duration: 31 seconds.. Introducing Surface Laptop with furniture designer Brodie Neill - Duration: 31 seconds.. Introducing the new Surface Book 2 - Duration: 2 minutes, 3 seconds.. Introducing the new Surface Pro - Duration: 2 minutes, 3 seconds.. Introducing Microsoft Surface Laptop - Duration: 112 seconds.. Microsoft Surface | Craftsmanship - Duration: 2 minutes, 22 seconds.. Introducing Microsoft Surface Studio - Duration: 2 minutes, 14 seconds.. Introducing the new Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base - Duration: 54 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Studio | App Partners - Duration: 118 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 | Signature Type Cover - Duration: 31 seconds.. The new Microsoft Surface Pen - Duration: 2 minutes, 6 seconds.. Surface and the NFL | #CreateChangeContest. Microsoft Surface & NFL Players Create Change - Duration: 72 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Duration: 2 minutes, 13 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Larry Fitzgerald - Duration: 2 minutes, 24 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Russell Wilson - Duration: 2 minutes, 11 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Greg Olsen - Duration: 2 minutes, 34 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Martellus Bennett - Duration: 2 minutes, 20 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Richard Sherman - Duration: 2 minutes, 18 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Von Miller - Duration: 2 minutes, 15 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Duration: 31 seconds.. Created on Surface I weMove - Duration: 79 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Studio, Madefire, and the Making of MONO - Duration: 3 minutes, 48 seconds.. Created On Surface | Super Bowl LI - Custom Cleats Competition - Duration: 101 seconds.. See how Easton LaChappelle used Surface to break through. Created on Surface | UWashington Motorsports Team - Duration: 79 seconds.. Created on Surface | Megan and Marshall Dostal - Duration: 83 seconds.. Created on Surface | Yen Hoang - Duration: 94 seconds.. Created on Surface | Architizer - Johnston Marklee - Duration: 105 seconds.. The Madbury Club + Microsoft Surface Experiments: Mobile Projection Unit - Duration: 89 seconds.. The Madbury Club + Microsoft Surface Experiments: Work in Progress - Duration: 2 minutes, 47 seconds.. Ellen Van Dusen + Microsoft Surface Experiments: ABC RYB - Duration: 93 seconds.. Ellen Van Dusen + Microsoft Surface Experiments: Work In Progress - Duration: 2 minutes, 39 seconds.. Expresii with Microsoft Surface Pen - Duration: 63 seconds.. Windows App Partners Featuring Surface Studio and Surface Dial - Duration: 3 minutes, 57 seconds.. Transforming Medical Learning with Windows Surface and Dial - Duration: 85 seconds.. Mental Canvas on Surface Studio with Surface Dial - Duration: 106 seconds.. CorelDRAW Graphics Suite & the new Microsoft Surface Pen - Duration: 68 seconds.. StaffPad on Surface Studio with Surface Dial - Duration: 110 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Studio x CLIP STUDIO PAINT / Expressions beyond your imagination! - Duration: 79 seconds.. Bluebeam on Surface Studio with Surface Dial - Duration: 107 seconds.. Drawboard on Surface Studio with Surface Dial - Duration: 115 seconds.. Sketchable on Surface Studio with Surface Dial - Duration: 78 seconds.. SketchBook with the Surface Dial - Duration: 95 seconds.. Microsoft Surface & NFL Players Create Change - Duration: 72 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Duration: 2 minutes, 13 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Larry Fitzgerald - Duration: 2 minutes, 24 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Russell Wilson - Duration: 2 minutes, 11 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Greg Olsen - Duration: 2 minutes, 34 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Richard Sherman - Duration: 2 minutes, 18 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Martellus Bennett - Duration: 2 minutes, 20 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Von Miller - Duration: 2 minutes, 15 seconds.. Microsoft Surface: Create Change - Duration: 31 seconds.. Created On Surface | Super Bowl LI - Custom Cleats Competition - Duration: 101 seconds.. Beneath the Surface | Drew Brees - Duration: 2 minutes, 15 seconds.. Beneath the Surface | Russell Wilson - Duration: 108 seconds.. The new Microsoft Surface Pen - Duration: 2 minutes, 6 seconds.. Marimekko Meet the Designers Behind the Microsoft Surface Collection - Duration: 55 seconds.. Marimekko Meet the Designers - Design Process - Duration: 112 seconds.. Marimekko Meet the Designers - History of Marimekko - Duration: 67 seconds.. Introducing the new Surface Arc Mouse - Duration: 19 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Dial - Duration: 61 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Keyboard - Duration: 19 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Mouse - Duration: 23 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Ergonomic Keyboard - Duration: 21 seconds.. Microsoft Surface Ergonomic Keyboard | Design - Duration: 69 seconds.. Microsoft Office 365 - Channel. Linus Tech Tips - Channel. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. microsoft surface pro microsoft surface rt microsoft surface 2 microsoft surface keyboard microsoft surface 32gb microsoft surface case. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save microsoft surface to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow microsoft surface to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, 256GB, No Operating System. Microsoft Surface 2 64gb 1572 With Keyboard. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB Intel Core i5 2.5Ghz 8 GB RAM Typecover dock case. 8 new & refurbished from $700.00. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" Tablet Intel Core m3, 4GB RAM, 128GB SSD, Win10Pro. Microsoft Surface 3 10.8" Wi-Fi Windows Tablet 2GB RAM 64GB SSD - Silver. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB, Wi-Fi, 12.3in - Silver (Intel Core i5 - 8 GB RAM). 8 new & refurbished from $700.00. Microsoft Surface 3 3 128GB, Wi-Fi, 10.8in - Silver USED. 1 new & refurbished from $600.00. Microsoft Surface 3 128GB, Wi-Fi + 4G (Unlocked) - Silver. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 128GB, Wi-Fi, 12.3in - Silver (Intel i5 - 4 GB RAM) #T78. 23 new & refurbished from $454.95. *Used* Microsoft Surface Pro 3 64GB, Wi-Fi, 12in - Silver. Microsoft Surface 3 3 128GB, Wi-Fi, 10.8in - Silver With Keyboard and Dock. 1 new & refurbished from $600.00. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB, Wi-Fi, 12.3in. Core i5, 8GB, SMALL PROBLEM, WORKS. 8 new & refurbished from $700.00. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Core i5 12.3" Multi-Touch Tablet W10P w/Pen 4GB 128GB. Microsoft Surface Book FGJ-00001 Intel Core i5 6th Gen 6300U (2.40 GHz) 256GB. Microsoft Surface 3 128GB, Wi-Fi, 10.8in - Silver. Microsoft Surface Pro 128 Gb i5 Tablet Win 10 Tested Working See Details Below!. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, 2GB RAM Windows RT 8.1. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 1631 Tablet i5-4300U 1.9GHz 4GB 128GB SSD Windows 10 Pro. Microsoft Surface 3 LTE 10.8" 128GB/4GB Bundled Office Professional Plus 2016. Microsoft Surface 3 10.8" Wi-Fi Windows Tablet 2GB RAM 64GB SSD - Silver. 8 new & refurbished from $225.00. Microsoft Surface 2 RT Windows-8.1 Tablet-PC 32GB 10.6"-inch Nvidia-Tegra. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB, Wi-Fi, 12.3in - Silver (Intel Core i5 - 8 GB RAM). 8 new & refurbished from $700.00. Microsoft Surface RT 1572 32GB Tablet #124. Microsoft Surface Pro & Pro 2 Docking Station #1617 & Supply 100%Tested Working!. Microsoft Surface RT with Touch Cover 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in W/ KEYBOARD BUNDLE. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB 10.6" Tablet WI-FI (MINT-BATTERY NOT CHARGING). Microsoft Surface 3 64GB w/ Surface Pen, Wedge Keyboard, Screen Protector, Case. 8 new & refurbished from $225.00. Microsoft Surface 3 10.8" 64GB Tablet w/ Wi-Fi, Integrated Kickstand - Silver. 5 new & refurbished from $324.99. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB With Keyboard. microsoft surface pro 3 i5 128gb. Microsoft Surface 3 64gb WiFi Plus More. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 -- 128 GB disk, 4 GB RAM, Black. Microsoft Surface 2 RT 10.6" 32GB Tablet PC Used w/Keyboard Works Great. NEW Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3" i5-7th Gen 8GB - 256GB Sealed Box Latest Model. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 128GB, Wi-Fi, 12.3in - Silver (Intel Core m3 - 4 GB RAM). 8 new & refurbished from $564.39. Microsoft Surface 10.6" Tablet Windows RT Nvidia Tegra 3 Quad Core 32G FRESH. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium with charger and case bundle. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface Pro, i5, 4GB, 128GB SSD, 10.6". Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB, Wi-Fi, 12.3in - (Intel Core i5 - 8 GB RAM) #T75. 8 new & refurbished from $700.00. Microsoft Surface Pro 5 (2017) 128GB, i5, 4GB, 12.3" SMALL PROBLEM, Works Great!. 9 new & refurbished from $649.00. Microsoft Surface RT Windows 8.1 10.6 Tablet Office 2013 WiFi 32GB 1.3Ghz Laptop. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 + Keyboard - Grade C. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Tablet (12-Inch, 128 GB, Intel Core i3, Windows 10). Microsoft Surface RT Model 1516 32GB Quad Core 1.30GHZ 2GB RAM KeyBoard Mouse!. 2 new & refurbished from $89.99. Microsoft Surface 2 Windows RT 8.1 10.6" 64GB Tablet 1572 Grade C, No Keyboard. Microsoft Surface 3 Pro, Core i5-4300U @ 1.90GHz. Microsoft Surface 2 32GB 10.6 Tablet/Windows RT 8.1 OS Wi-Fi. Microsoft Surface RT 1572 32GB Tablet #125. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 256GB, Wi-Fi, 12in - Silver #T61. OB Microsoft Surface Pro 3 64GB, Wi-Fi, 12in - Silver. Microsoft Surface 3 (64GB, 10.8-Inch, Intel Atom, Windows 10) + Type Cover. 8 new & refurbished from $225.00. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB, Wi-Fi, 12.3in - Silver (Intel Core i5 - 8 GB RAM). 8 new & refurbished from $700.00. Microsoft Surface 3 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.8in - Silver. 5 new & refurbished from $324.99. Surface Docking Station for Microsoft Surface Pro 1 and 2. Microsoft Surface Pro Tablet - 12.3 - 8 GB - Intel Core i7 (7th Gen) i7-7660U D. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core I5, 4Gb Ram, 128Gb) – Newest Version. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. BRAND NEW -Keyboard & Pen sold separately-. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Trickle-down computing combines premium design and budget prices. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - 4 GB RAM - 128 GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - 2 GB RAM - 64 GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - 4 GB RAM - 64 GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - 4 GB RAM - 64 GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - 4 GB RAM - 128 GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - Windows 8.1 Pro 64-bit - 4 GB RAM - 128 GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - 4 GB RAM - 64 GB SSD. Microsoft Surface 3 - 10.8" - Atom x7 Z8700 - 4 GB RAM - 64 GB SSD. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The new Surface 3 costs less than the Pro version, but trickles down much of the design and materials of its more expensive sibling. This budget model finally runs the full version of Windows. The keyboard cover remains the best way to transform a slate into a laptop.. The Bad Trading down to a low-power processor means this isn't a full-time PC. The clever keyboard case is still sold separately, and costs a lot compared to the base hardware. The kickstand has only three preset angles.. The Bottom Line The budget-priced Surface 3 is a solid tablet that finally runs the real version of Windows, but it would be a much better value if the must-have keyboard cover was included.. In October, Microsoft made significant changes to its Surface line of products, introducing a new version of its flagship tablet, the Surface Pro 4 , and its first-ever laptop, the Surface Book. The successor to the popular Surface Pro 3 , the Surface Pro 4 starts at $899 and features the latest Intel processors, a perfectly-sized 12.3-inch display with a just-right 3:2 aspect ratio, and hardware and software tweaks that improve upon the previous model. The $1,499 Surface Book has many of these same specs, but it's a full-powered laptop that moonlights as a tablet, making for a distinctly better in-lap experience. (Read the full Surface Pro 4 review here and the full Surface Book review here .). Microsoft has since dropped the Surface Pro 3 from its lineup -- making this potentially a good time to get a good deal on remaining units. But the Surface 3 lives on, and, starting at $499, remains a compelling value. That noted, the Surface Pro 4 offers significantly superior specs including a larger display and higher resolution, a native Windows 10 operating system, and a more powerful Intel processor. For a more detailed analysis of how the Surface 3, Surface Pro 3, Surface Pro 4, and Surface Book stack up, check out CNET's head-to-head comparison .. Editors' note: The original Microsoft Surface 3 review follows.. While using the new Microsoft Surface 3, attractively priced at $499, I could safely say I was getting $500 worth of computing experience. The only problem is that I was actually using $630 worth of computer. That's because the Surface line's biggest folly continues well into the series' third generation. Its all-important snap-on keyboard, really the most impressive thing about the Surface, is still sold separately, and at a premium price.. And there lies the biggest tragedy of the otherwise-excellent Surface line. When you're adding a $129 keyboard cover to a thousand-dollar tablet , it's an added expense, but doesn't dramatically change the value proposition of the system. Adding the same $129 to a $499 product, however, raises the price by more than 20 percent, and you should consider the combined cost before getting too excited about this low-cost Surface tablet.. (Note that all these prices are in US dollars, but the Surface 3 starts at £419 in the UK and AU$699 in Australia, with similar pricing -- £110 or AU$180 -- on the keyboard, and adding $100, £80 or AU$140 to the base price doubles the RAM and SSD from 2GB with 64GB to 4GB and 128GB.). That said, the new Surface 3 has corrected the biggest flaw of Microsoft's entry-level Surface tablet series to date: it finally runs the full version of Windows, not the stripped-down Windows RT operating system (unofficially named after the Windows Runtime architecture that enabled it). That means it can run all of the same legacy Windows programs as its big brother, the Surface Pro 3 -- a huge step up from the the Surface and Surface 2 , which only ran programs found in the Microsoft Windows app store.. With full Windows 8 on board, the new non-Pro Surface makes it feel and work much more like a standard laptop or hybrid -- albeit one that's more modestly powered. Rather than utilizing Intel's Core i-series CPUs, or even by the Core M chip found in some new ultra-slim laptops and hybrids. Instead it uses the latest version of Intel's Atom CPU, a chip that dates back the days of low-end netbook laptops that sacrificed power for portability and price. The new Atom x7 (previously known by the code name Cherry Trail) is said to be the most powerful Atom CPU to date, and is even capable of playing back 4K video.. In practice, for casual websurfing, email, and streaming HD video from Netflix and other sources, the Surface 3 runs smoothly, especially if you keep to Windows-optimized programs such as Internet Explorer 11 or other pre-loaded apps in the Windows 8 tile interface. But, like most Atom-powered PCs, it also had occasional moments where it inexplicably seized up, sometimes when running multiple tabs in another Web browser, such as Google's Chrome.. For around the same price or a little more, you can find many Windows 8 laptops and tablets, most running similar hardware, but occasionally with a more powerful Core i3 or Core i5 processor, such as the $599 Lenovo Flex 3. Add in the cost of the keyboard dock and there are better values out there, at least in terms of raw specs.. But, the Surface 3, like the previous Surface Pro systems, represents one of the best overall user experiences for a Windows 8 tablet. The hardware feels good, is solidly built, and includes enough ports to get by. The kickstand hinge and keyboard cover are miles beyond what other tablet-makers offer.. One roadblock comes from the Windows 8 experience itself. For a tablet that pushes its portrait mode at you (look at how the Windows logo is situated), apps are slow to re-orient when you switch between portrait and landscape views, and many Windows 8 native apps don't work equally well in both views.. Working in its favor, Microsoft says the Surface 3 is ready for Windows 10 when the free upgrade to that operating system hits this summer. That should erase the uneasy split between the two views -- tile and desktop -- that Windows 8 users are often forced to jump between. (To be clear, nearly every current Windows PC is eligible for that same free upgrade .). If the Surface 3 packed in its unique keyboard cover for the same price, it would represent a great value that didn't feel like a budget PC. As it is, if you love the Surface look and feel, another $200 will get you the entry level Intel Core i3 version of the Surface 3 Pro, which is much more of an all-day, every day computer.. In the hand, the Surface 3 feels like a premium product, and very close in quality and construction to the Pro models, with the same magnesium outer case. It's only 1.37 pounds (without the keyboard; about 0.62kg), which makes it lighter than even Apple's new 12-inch MacBook. One welcome change is the new Micro-USB charging port, which is easier to deal with than Microsoft's previous proprietary magnetic charging cable. The Surface 3 is not, however, moving to the new USB-C connection, as seen in the 12-inch MacBook and Google's new Chromebook Pixel.. Best Tablets for 2018. See All. The promising new hardware is here now, but it’s the software to come that could advance.... Updates for the new version of Microsoft's tablet are as subtle as they come, but the.... Apple's newest tablet is a superlative deal for anyone who can live without Pro-level.... The Google Pixel C is a performance monster with a sleek design and impressively solid.... The Galaxy Tab S3 is an impeccably designed tablet with an impressive stylus and stunning.... This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Microsoft Surface 3. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Innovative tablet stranded in an app desert. Microsoft Surface RT - tablet - Win RT - 64 GB - 10.6" - with Black Touch Cover. Microsoft Surface RT - tablet - Win RT - 64 GB - 10.6" - with Black Touch Cover. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Microsoft Surface 's Metro interface is innovative, elegant, powerful, and versatile. The tablet feels strong and well-built, runs Office 2013, and includes rich video and music services. Its keyboard cover accessories are the best ways to type on a tablet, period.. The Bad The tablet's performance can be sluggish, its Windows Store is lacking, Metro takes getting used to, and the Desktop interface feels clunky and useless.. The Bottom Line If you're an early adopter willing to forget everything you know about navigating a computer, the Surface tablet could replace your laptop. Everyone else: wait for more apps.. Editors' note: The Surface 2 -- a new tablet running Windows RT (8.1 edition) -- is coming October 22 housing a Tegra 4 processor, with a thinner design, and a longer-lasting battery. Look for a full review of the Surface 2 soon. Editors' note: To reflect the current state of tablet market performance and value, the Surface RT's overall rating has been lowered from its original 7.5 to 7.0. The Surface's unique 10.6-inch display in full effect. Side bezel width in inches (landscape). From left: A speaker grille, Micro-HDMI, and full-size USB 2.0 port. The Surface's built-in kickstand tilts it back about 10 degrees. The microSD port is hidden quite effectively by the disengaged kickstand. Only when it engages is the memory port revealed. The many colors of the Touch Cover. The Surface works fairly well on your lap; just make sure you don't lean over it. That kickstand will disengage in a flash. Soft and smooth is the bottom of the Touch Cover. They actually remained attached, despite the power of gravity. The Surface does not house a GPS. So why am I outside using it? And why does it look like Italy?. The Charms bar delivers context info and options for the app you have open at the time. The split-screen features lead to true productivity. Your Metro global settings are called PC settings. More options here and fewer in Desktop would be nice. Microsoft Surface is the best productivity tablet yet, and it had better be. As the only Microsoft-branded Windows RT hardware to launch with the new operating system (Windows 8 launches this week as well), the tablet serves as ambassador and flagship for the touch-focused, wildly risky Windows grand experiment. The Surface excels thanks to its thoughtful design, sensible implementation of its keyboard accessory, and the innovations brought about by the interface formerly known as Metro -- chief among them: the gesture-driven menu system, powerful search tool, and incredibly cool and versatile split-screen feature.. Unfortunately, there's a price to pay for doing things differently. I've spent a week with this soldier for the Windows cause, and I predict that some of you will find Metro's learning curve discouraging. Additionally, apps support is dismal, performance (especially when using IE10) is slow at times, and like the old guy in the club still hanging around after last call, the traditional Windows interface lingers on, feeling embarrassingly out of place.. Those looking for tons (or even several pounds) of apps should look elsewhere; however, it takes a legitimate swing at replacing your computer and comes closer to hitting the mark than any tablet before it.. Microsoft Surface and its keyboard get a day out (pictures). So what keeps the Surface from looking like just another generic black tablet? Honestly, not that much, but the features and aesthetic details that do set it apart are significant, if not immediately apparent. For one, the Surface sports a 10.6-inch screen, which is only about 0.5 inch larger than most full-size, mainstream tablets' screens and 0.9 inch larger than the iPad 's screen. However, this larger screen affords it a true 16:9 aspect ratio at a screen resolution of 1,366x768 pixels. This aspect ratio matches most movies and TV shows, eliminating the need for black bars at the top and bottom of the screen. While movies shot in Scope (2.35:1) will still display with black bars, they're not nearly as all-encompassing as when watching the same movies on an iPad with its 4:3 aspect ratio.. Then there's the Surface's beveled back, which contributes to its sleek, somewhat industrial-looking metallic aesthetic. It looks practical without being cold, and just feels like a high-quality device that Microsoft cut few corners to make. Speaking of which, the corners are somewhat rounded, but do tend to dig into the palms a bit when you hold the tablet in both hands. The entire chassis is surrounded by a full magnesium (VaporMg, pronounced "Vapor Mag") outer casing that's supposedly both scratch- and wear-resistant, but scratches are already beginning to appear on my tablet.. In the top middle of the front bezel, next to an ambient light sensor, is the front-facing 720p-capable camera. Several inches below that on the bottom of the bezel sits the Windows home touch sensor, which takes you back to the Start screen or to the last app you had open if you're already at the Start screen.. Along the right edge, from the top, are a speaker grille, a Micro-HDMI port, a full USB 2.0 port, and the power port, which magnetically attaches the power cable. At the far right of the top edge is a lone power/sleep button. The left edge features an additional speaker grille, a headphone jack, and a satisfyingly tactile and clicky volume rocker. Seated toward the bottom of the left edge is an inch-long groove that allows you to easily pull out the built-in kickstand and prop the tablet up.. The microSD port, located under the kickstand, can be accessed, in a somewhat awkward fashion, once the stand is engaged. On the bottom edge is another array of magnets where the Touch and Type Cover keyboards connect.. The kickstand decisively locks into position when activated, reclining the tablet back about 10 degrees. I'm a huge fan of built-in kickstands on tablets and this is the best implementation I've seen so far. It's sturdy, easy to work, and, yes, delivers a satisfying sound and feeling when both engaged and disengaged.. The tablet weighs 1.5 pounds, but doesn't feel noticeably heavier than the iPad, at least not when held in the middle of the tablet. Held lightly on the edge, however, and the Surface's long body begins to work against it, as the unsupported weight dips at the free end. The Surface is a bit bulkier than most premium mainstream 10-inchers, and you can probably blame the kickstand's inclusion for that added girth. Microsoft did its best balancing the tablet's weight, and while I appreciate its wide screen, it feels a bit too long and awkward when held and works much better with its kickstand engaged.. It's a weird decision to not include the Touch Cover with the basic Surface package. Saying the cover has been prominent in Microsoft's Surface marketing campaign is an obvious understatement to anyone who's seen the first commercial. The cover is $120 if you buy the basic $349 Surface and comes packed in with the $449 and $549 packages.. After several days of use, it's clear to me that owning the Touch Cover (or Type Cover; see below) is essential to getting the complete Surface experience. The Touch Cover acts as both a screen cover and a physical keyboard. It connects magnetically to the bottom of the tablet with a very satisfying (and kind of addictive) "crunch" sound. Microsoft has admittedly spent a lot of time getting this sound right, and thanks to the same parts of our brains that won't let us stop eating those oh-so-crunchy Pringles once we've started, it's been largely successful.. The magnets keep the Surface adhered very firmly to the keyboard, allowing you to hold the connected device by just the keyboard itself, with the tablet dangling underneath. From this position you can even swing it around a bit (as long as you don't get too crazy) without the parts disconnecting, as they stay more strongly bonded than the iPad and its Touch Cover. Speaking of which, just as the Smart Cover does with the iPad, when the Touch Cover folds over the Surface's screen, it automatically puts the tablet to sleep.. Microsoft claims that it'll take most people four to five days to get used to typing on the Touch Cover. The biggest issue I had was getting accustomed to its nearly flat keys, which don't depress when you strike them. After years of typing mostly on depressible keys, I found myself overcompensating here, which resulted in sore fingertips on my part. By the second day, however, the soreness was gone.. Typing on my lap definitely took some getting used to. The cardboardlike feel of the Touch Cover is awkward at first, and if you're not careful -- and not wearing pants -- the corners of the kickstand will dig into your thighs. Also, if you tend to hunch over while you work, the tablet can easily tip back, disengaging the kickstand.. The Surface's wide body affords the Touch Cover a more spacious area to type on, which makes a significant difference in hand and wrist comfort. Simply put, your hands get to spread out a bit more compared with other tablet keyboards like the ones made for Asus' Transformer line as well as keyboard accessories for the iPad.. On most tablets, before even striking my first key, I turn off that annoyingly shrill tablet keyboard typing sound effect. Thankfully, the Surface's typing sound effect is less like glass breaking and more like small, rhythmic bongo drums. Since its keys don't depress, that bongo sound is the only feedback you get and is therefore essential to becoming accustomed to typing on the unique-feeling keyboard. After a few days, though, your skills may grow beyond the need of drum sounds.. The Touch Cover has enough smarts built into it to know when it's been flipped under the tablet and its buttons will cease functioning in order to prevent any unwanted typing. Flip it back to its normal position and it begins functioning again in less than a second, without missing a beat. The bottom of the default black (it also comes in red, pink, blue, and white) Touch Cover is a soft, feltlike material that covers the screen when folded over it. As a cover, it doesn't necessarily look appropriate for a high-end, sturdily built tech device, but definitely feels right when you're carrying it in your hands.. The Touch Cover is an incredibly useful and capable accessory that feels as essential to the Surface experience as the kickstand, but given the choice, I'd recommend most buyers spring for the $130 Type Cover keyboard instead. It's all the best things about the Touch Cover but with very comfortable, wide, depressible keys. It is a bit thicker than the Touch Cover, but not by much. If you're looking to make use of the Surface's capability as a productivity machine, you'll definitely want to spring for one of these cover keyboards.. The Surface houses a 1.3GHz Nvidia Tegra 3 CPU as its brains and comes in both 32GB and 64GB varieties. Its microSD card slot supports up to 128GB cards, and the tablet includes 2GB of RAM. It has 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi support, Bluetooth 4.0, a gyroscope, an accelerometer, and a built-in compass, but no GPS.. 'Metro'...I mean, 'Start.' Wait, what is this interface called again?. The Surface runs on Windows RT. The Surface Pro is coming early next year and will run on a full version of Windows 8. Windows RT is split between two different interfaces: a tile-based interface (formerly known as Metro) that includes the Start screen and a somewhat traditional Windows interface called Desktop. Desktop includes most control panels and settings one would expect on a Windows operating system, in addition to a skinned version of Internet Explorer 10 made to look like IE9 and a free copy of Office 2013 Preview. No additional apps can be added to the Desktop interface, however.. Though Microsoft no longer calls its new interface Metro (and has not given it a new name), for the sake of clarity, I'm going to continue calling it Metro here. If you own an Xbox 360, you'll already be very familiar with Metro's look. Each app is represented by a tile and each can be arranged into different groups. Groups can further be zoomed out and named as you see fit. Tiles can also be made smaller or larger.. Swiping inward from the right bezel brings up the Charms menu, which consists of Search, Share, Start, Devices, and Settings. This menu is context-sensitive so depending on which app you have open, selecting Settings, for example, will deliver you the settings for that particular app.. Swiping from the left bezel into the screen launches the most recent app, and if you swipe right then left, you'll get a list of recent apps. Swiping from the top or bottom bezel reveals additional app options at the bottom of the screen, and finally, swiping from the top bezel to the bottom closes an app.. This is obviously different from other tablet interfaces, and it's a lot of new stuff to learn. Some users will be discouraged by the unfamiliarity of things (I know I was), but those who stick with it will discover that's it's actually an elegant tablet interface.. Selecting search from the Charms menu allows you to search within the current primary app. Share allows you to quickly e-mail information from the current app or share it via social networks using the People social app, which integrates Twitter and Facebook. Start toggles between home and the last app that was opened. Devices is a list of hardware you currently have networked with the tablet that can interact with the current app, including microSD cards and printers.. And finally, Settings accesses the basic wireless, volume, and screen brightness, as well the settings for the currently opened app. Also available from this menu is PC settings. While most of the options here are self-explanatory, some are just poorly organized. For example, the General list feels too cluttered, and most of what's found there would feel much more appropriate in a separate "Keyboard" or "Typing" settings list.. Best Tablets for 2018. See All. The promising new hardware is here now, but it’s the software to come that could advance.... Updates for the new version of Microsoft's tablet are as subtle as they come, but the.... Apple's newest tablet is a superlative deal for anyone who can live without Pro-level.... The Google Pixel C is a performance monster with a sleek design and impressively solid.... The Galaxy Tab S3 is an impeccably designed tablet with an impressive stylus and stunning.... This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Microsoft Surface. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Zip code or city, state Cancel Go. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Wedding Sweepstakes Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Entertaining Essentials Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Wedding Sweepstakes Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Entertaining Essentials Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. left hand navigation Skip to Next Section. Showing 1-40 of 49 products. Surface Keyboards, Docks & Accessories Surface Pro 4 Surface Book. iPad & Tablets Windows Tablets Surface Book. $ to $ Go. Search your store by entering ZIP code or city, state Go. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 4GB/128GB Intel Core m3. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 4GB/128GB Intel Core m3. Average rating: 3.7143 out of 5 stars, based on 14 reviews ( 14 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Type Cover. 14 - $ 129. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Type Cover. Average rating: 4.6667 out of 5 stars, based on 3 reviews ( 3 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Type Cover - keyboard - with trackpad accelerometer - English - North America. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Type Cover - keyboard - with trackpad acce .... Average rating: 1 out of 5 stars, based on 2 reviews ( 2 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 3 reviews ( 3 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4. 00 - $ 1,336. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Average rating: 3.381 out of 5 stars, based on 21 reviews ( 21 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 4GB/128GB Intel Core m3. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 4GB/128GB Intel Core m3. Average rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars, based on 2 reviews ( 2 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by Beach Camera. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Purple). Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Purple). Sold & Shipped by Just Right!. Product - Microsoft Surface Book Power Supply 102W. Product Title Microsoft Surface Book Power Supply 102W. Average rating: 2.5 out of 5 stars, based on 8 reviews ( 8 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Book - 13.5" - Core i7 6600U - 8 GB RAM - 256 GB SSD - English - North America. Product Title Microsoft Surface Book - 13.5" - Core i7 6600U - 8 GB RAM - 256 GB .... Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews ( 1 ) ratings. Product - SURFACE MINI DISPLAYPORT TO VGA DISC PROD SPCL SOURCING SEE NOTES. Product Title SURFACE MINI DISPLAYPORT TO VGA DISC PROD SPCL SOURCING SEE NOTES. Average rating: 3.7 out of 5 stars, based on 10 reviews ( 10 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Type Cover 2 For Surface/Surface Pro 2 (English/French). Product Title Microsoft Type Cover 2 For Surface/Surface Pro 2 (English/French). Average rating: 3 out of 5 stars, based on 3 reviews ( 3 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Book13.5" 8GB/ 128GB Intel Core i5 processor Windows 10 Pro. Product Title Microsoft Surface Book13.5" 8GB/ 128GB Intel Core i5 processor Win .... Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews ( 1 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover Keyboard/Case - Black. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover Keyboard/Case - Black. Sold & Shipped by FASHION NATION. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i5. Product Title Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i .... Average rating: 3.5714 out of 5 stars, based on 14 reviews ( 14 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by ReGadget, LLC. Product - Microsoft Surface Type Cover 2 (Magenta). Product Title Microsoft Surface Type Cover 2 (Magenta). Average rating: 4.5 out of 5 stars, based on 2 reviews ( 2 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Special Edition NFL Type Cover. 52 - $ 76. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Special Edition NFL Type Cover. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews ( 1 ) ratings. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Book Surface Book. Product Title Refurbished Microsoft Surface Book Surface Book. Sold & Shipped by West Coast Limited. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Book 256 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i5, NVIDIA GeForce graphics. Product Title Refurbished Microsoft Surface Book 256 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i5 .... Product - Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base. Product Title Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 2 reviews ( 2 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by Beach Camera. Product - Comprehensive Cable CCK-SP02 Surface Vga Connectivity Kit Cabl Surface & Pro Includes Networking. Product Title Comprehensive Cable CCK-SP02 Surface Vga Connectivity Kit Cabl Sur .... Sold & Shipped by Beach Audio Inc. Product - SURFACE 3 TYPE COVER BLACK. 99 - $ 271. Product Title SURFACE 3 TYPE COVER BLACK. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 4 reviews ( 4 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by FASHION NATION. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews ( 1 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i7 6650U - 16 GB RAM - 1 TB SSD. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i7 6650U - 16 GB RAM - 1 TB .... Product - Microsoft Surface Pen - V4 - - 4.0 - silver. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pen - V4 - - 4.0 - silver. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews ( 1 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i7 6650U - 8 GB RAM - 256 GB SSD. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i7 6650U - 8 GB RAM - 256 G .... Average rating: 4.125 out of 5 stars, based on 8 reviews ( 8 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by iNetSupply.com, LLC. Product - Microsoft Surface Book - 13.5" - Core i7 6600U - 16 GB RAM - 1 TB SSD - English - North America. Product Title Microsoft Surface Book - 13.5" - Core i7 6600U - 16 GB RAM - 1 TB .... Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 2 reviews ( 2 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 3 / Pro 4 Signature Type Cover - Two-Tone Mlange Grey. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 3 / Pro 4 Signature Type Cover - Two-Tone Ml .... Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews ( 1 ) ratings. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i5 6300U - 8 GB RAM - 256 GB SSD. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i5 6300U - 8 GB RAM - 256 G .... Product - Microsoft Surface PRO-4 256 GB Intel Core i5-6300U X2 2.4GHz 12.3",Silver (Certified Refurbished). Product Title Microsoft Surface PRO-4 256 GB Intel Core i5-6300U X2 2.4GHz 12.3" .... Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 3 reviews ( 3 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by Red Tag Sales Inc.. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Black). Product Title Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Black). Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Black). Product Title Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Black). Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews ( 1 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Microsoft Surface Pen for Surface Pro 3. Product Title Microsoft Surface Pen for Surface Pro 3. Average rating: 3.7292 out of 5 stars, based on 48 reviews ( 48 ) ratings. Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Cyan). Product Title Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Type Cover (Cyan). Product - Surface Pro 4 EDU Bundle Config 3 - PT - TZ7-00001. Product Title Surface Pro 4 EDU Bundle Config 3 - PT - TZ7-00001. Sold & Shipped by K Sparkle. Product - Surface Pro 4 EDU Bundle Config 2 - PT - TZ6-00001. Product Title Surface Pro 4 EDU Bundle Config 2 - PT - TZ6-00001. Sold & Shipped by K Sparkle. Product - microsoft - type cover for surface pro 3 - blue. Product Title microsoft - type cover for surface pro 3 - blue. Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Microsoft Surface Type Cover 2 (Black). Product Title Microsoft Surface Type Cover 2 (Black). Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Micro HDMI to Surface VGA Adapter OEM Non Retail Packaging. Product Title Micro HDMI to Surface VGA Adapter OEM Non Retail Packaging. Product - Microsoft Surface Type Cover 2 (Cyan). Product Title Microsoft Surface Type Cover 2 (Cyan). Sold & Shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Type Cover (Black). Product Title Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Type Cover (Black). Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. Did you find the product you are looking for?. Electrode, Comp-188101504, DC-prod-dal2, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-5.0.1, SHA-899f9451595e4d53f4cd1b80bbe4213426dfa9f2, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Electronics iPad & Tablets All Tablets Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Showing 40 of 498 results that match your query.. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Value Bundle. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Value Bundle. Product - Microsoft Surface 3 Tablet LC5-00001 Surface 3 Tablet. Microsoft Surface 3 Tablet LC5-00001 Surface 3 Tablet. Product - Kensington BlackBelt 2nd Degree Rugged Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Kensington BlackBelt 2nd Degree Rugged Case for Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 3 (128 GB, Intel Core i5) (Certified Refurbished). Microsoft Surface Pro 3 (128 GB, Intel Core i5) (Certified Refurbished). Product - Microsoft Surface 3 64GB 4G LTE Unlocked Tablet w/ WIndows 10 Pro - Silver (No Keyboard) (Certified Refurbished). Microsoft Surface 3 64GB 4G LTE Unlocked Tablet w/ WIndows 10 Pro - Silver (No Keyboard) (Certified Refurbished). Product - Microsoft Surface Pro ( Platinum, Core M, 4GB, 128GB) with Black Type Cover. Microsoft Surface Pro ( Platinum, Core M, 4GB, 128GB) with Black Type Cover. Product - Superb Choice® 15V/4A 1706 Microsoft Surface Book & Pro 4 Tablet 60W Power Supply AC Adapter Battery Charger. Price List price $ 43. Superb Choice® 15V/4A 1706 Microsoft Surface Book & Pro 4 Tablet 60W Power Supply AC Adapter Battery Charger. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i5. Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i5. Product - Wall Travel Home Adapter Charger for Microsoft Surface Pro 1, 2, RT Tablets. Wall Travel Home Adapter Charger for Microsoft Surface Pro 1, 2, RT Tablets. Product - Infiland Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case, Slim Shell Stand Cover for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Navy. Price List price $ 24. Infiland Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Case, Slim Shell Stand Cover for Surface Pro 4 12.3 Inch Tablet, Navy. Microsoft Surface Pro. Microsoft Surface Pro. Price List price $ 1,299. Microsoft Surface Pro. Microsoft Surface Pro. Microsoft Surface Pro. Price List price $ 999. Microsoft Surface Pro. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 2 10.6" 256GB i5 HD Tablet - Black (Refurbished). Microsoft Surface Pro 2 10.6" 256GB i5 HD Tablet - Black (Refurbished). Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Microsoft Surface Pro 2. Product - Camo RT tablet case 10 inch for Microsoft Surface Pro 2 10" 10inch android tablet cases 360 rotating slim folio stand protector pu leather cover travel e-reader cash slots. Price List price $ 29. Camo RT tablet case 10 inch for Microsoft Surface Pro 2 10" 10inch android tablet cases 360 rotating slim folio stand protector pu leather cover travel e-reader cash slots. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 4GB/128GB Intel Core m3. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 4GB/128GB Intel Core m3. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i7 6650U - 16 GB RAM - 1 TB SSD. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - 12.3" - Core i7 6650U - 16 GB RAM - 1 TB SSD. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, 256GB) - FJX-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface SPro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Price List price $ 1,299. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, 256GB) - FJX-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface S Pro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Product - Arclyte ERA03791 Microsoft Surface Pro Screen Protector. Arclyte ERA03791 Microsoft Surface Pro Screen Pro tector. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 512GB HD 16GB RAM Core i7e 13.5" Tablet + Type Cover Bundle - TH4-00001. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 512GB HD 16GB RAM Core i7e 13.5" Tablet + Type Cover Bundle - TH4-00001. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, 1TB) - FKK-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface SPro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Price List price $ 2,699. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, 1TB) - FKK-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface S Pro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core M, 4GB RAM, 128GB) - FJR-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface SPro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core M, 4GB RAM, 128GB) - FJR-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface S Pro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM, 128 GB) - FJT-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface SPro M1755 SignaType Cover Brg. Price List price $ 1,199. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM, 128 GB) - FJT-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface S Pro M1755 SignaType Cover Brg. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM, 128 GB) FJT-00001 w/ Microsoft Type Cover for Surface Pro - Black. Price List price $ 1,014. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM, 128 GB) FJT-00001 w/ Microsoft Type Cover for Surface Pro - Black. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, 256GB) - FJX-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface SPro M1755 SignaType Cover Brg. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, 256GB) - FJX-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface S Pro M1755 SignaType Cover Brg. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM, 128 GB) - FJT-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface SPro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Microsoft Surface Pro (Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM, 128 GB) - FJT-00001 w/ Microsoft Surface S Pro M1755 SignaType Cover - Platinium. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 128GB / Intel Core i5 - 4GB RAM + Black Type Cover Bundle. Microsoft Surface Pro 128GB / Intel Core i5 - 4GB RAM + Black Type Cover Bundle. Product - Microsoft 12.3" 128GB Surface Pro 4 Multi-Touch Tablet with Extra Charger (SU3-00001) (Manufacturer Refurbished). Microsoft 12.3" 128GB Surface Pro 4 Multi-Touch Tablet with Extra Charger (SU3-00001) (Manufacturer Refurbished). Product - Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 8GB Tablet w/ Intel i5 & 256GB SSD. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 12.3" 8GB Tablet w/ Intel i5 & 256GB SSD. Product - Skinomi Carbon Fiber Silver Skin+LCD SP for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Skinomi Carbon Fiber Silver Skin+LCD SP for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Product - Skinomi Brushed Aluminum Skin+LCD Guard for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Skinomi Brushed Aluminum Skin+LCD Guard for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Product - Skinomi Light Wood Skin+LCD Protector for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Skinomi Light Wood Skin+LCD Pro tector for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Product - Skinomi Carbon Fiber Skin+Screen Guard for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Skinomi Carbon Fiber Skin+Screen Guard for Windows Surface Tablet Windows 8 Pro. Product - Microsoft Surface Pro Tablet HEV-00001 Surface Book. Price List price $ 1,624. Microsoft Surface Pro Tablet HEV-00001 Surface Book. Product - Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Tablet Surface Pro 4 Tablet. Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Tablet Surface Pro 4 Tablet. Product - TSV Universal Tablet CD Slot Mount for iPad, Air, Mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab, Microsoft Surface Pro, iPhone X, 8 Plus, 8, 7 Plus, 7 and more. TSV Universal Tablet CD Slot Mount for iPad, Air, Mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab, Microsoft Surface Pro , iPhone X, 8 Plus, 8, 7 Plus, 7 and more. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 13 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-184374721, DC-prod-dal4, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
Your request appears to be from an automated process. If this is incorrect, notify us by clicking here to be redirected.. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Surface Book 2 is a feat of design, a top-of-the-line premium convertible 2-in-1 laptop that's fast, long lasting, versatile, and portable. Great Battery Life, With a Quirk. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. Sharp high-resolution touch display in new larger size. Xbox wireless controller receiver is integrated.. Surface Pen is an additional purchase. Some finicky issues required troubleshooting in our tests.. The Surface Book 2 is a feat of design, a top-of-the-line premium convertible 2-in-1 laptop that's fast, long lasting, versatile, and portable. Microsoft set the bar for the 2-in-1 market with the Surface Pro line, and in 2015, began to push the market further with the even more laptop-like Surface Book. After a year that included an iterative upgrade, the full-fledged sequel has arrived in the aptly named Surface Book 2 (the 15-inch model reviewed here starts at $2,499; $3,299 as tested). This beautifully designed machine can do it all, maintaining the signature ability to detach its screen from its keyboard while now acting as a legitimate gaming laptop and delivering near-workstation levels of performance. It's very spendy as configured, but a swath of configuration options means you're not locked in at the highest price.. Microsoft Surface Book (2016, Intel Core i7). With a new 15-inch screen size and a capable Nvidia GTX 1060 graphics card inside, the Surface Book 2 makes a compelling case for itself as the premium mobile computer. It offers more versatility and features, faster performance, and longer battery life than its main competitor, the 15-inch Apple MacBook Pro , and is a more fully realized professional's PC than the Surface Pro. It easily follows in its predecessor's footsteps earning our Editors' Choice badge.. For all practical purposes, the Surface Book line looks and behaves like a laptop, with the added ability of detaching the screen from its base and turning it into a tablet at the press of a button. This is the inverse of the pioneering Surface Pro's proposition, which is more of a tablet that closely mimics the form and functionality of a laptop. It's a fine distinction, but I think speaks to exactly what you're expecting from each one. The Surface Pro more heavily weighs portability and handheld use over power, while the Surface Book strives for the opposite. This makes the Surface Book 2 easier to compare with standard laptops, as that represents the main experience. Also worth noting: The original Surface Book was followed up last year by a Core i7 model that includes a "performance base" with more powerful components, and this loaded version of the Surface Book 2 more closely aligns with that vision.. It's immediately clear that the core design of the Surface Book 2 hasn't changed from the previous model. That's not a bad thing, since the original's premium magnesium alloy build was one of our favorite aspects of it. It's still thin, relatively light, and has that expensive feel that provides reassurance that you're getting value for the money. The distinct dynamic fulcrum hinge is back, again leaving a gap between the screen and keyboard when the system is closed. That may bother some who worry about debris getting between the two, but that risk is pretty minimal, and it allows for versatility when detaching the tablet (more on that later). What is different is the size: Now you have your choice of 13.5 inches (the same size as the previous Surface Book) or the new 15-inch model. Our review unit is the fresh larger version, while the smaller model now starts at $1,499.. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. The 15-inch Surface Book 2 measures 0.9 by 13.5 by 9.87 inches (HWD) and weighs 4.2 pounds. The clamshell is angled, so it tapers down to 0.5 inches toward the front, the same thickness at both ends as the original Surface Book despite the increased power. It's worth noting that the tablet is just 1.8 pounds when detached, which ups the portability factor. The Surface Book 2 is quite similar to the 15-inch MacBook Pro at 0.61 by 13.75 by 9.48 inches and 4.02 pounds—luxurious and light enough to be portable, but with emphasis on high performance. The slick Dell XPS 15 Touch ( 0.66 by 14.06 by 9.27 inches, 4.44 pounds) matches these two on design and power, but is much less expensive despite the high-end construction.. Whether docked or in Tablet mode, the whole experience centers around the PixelSense display. Fortunately, it's a beautiful screen with 3,240-by-2,160 resolution in a 3:2 aspect ratio with a 1,600:1 contrast ratio and 10-point multitouch. That pixel count would qualify as 4K if it were a 16:9 display, but it technically isn't at this cropped size (3:2 is more useful for some artists). Picture quality is very sharp, and the screen gets bright at maximum settings. The resolution is slightly higher than before, up from 3,000 by 2,000, and is much higher than the MacBook Pro's 2,880-by-1,800.. As for that signature Tablet mode, there are a few things to keep in mind. To disengage the screen from the keyboard, you press a dedicated key on the top right of the keyboard, just like on the last model. After a few seconds, a prompt lets you know that it's free to detach, and you can hear and feel it unlock. Some of the guts—namely the larger of the two batteries and discrete graphics card—are built into the keyboard. So when you undock, there are performance concessions that come with that, but there's still no way to get those components into a tablet this thin. Worth noting: I did occasionally have a few issues getting the tablet to detach—in testing a notification appeared telling me I needed to resolve some applications first. This interrupted the seamless nature of switching to Tablet mode, especially since it was relatively benign programs like Edge or the Microsoft Store that were causing the issues, but they were intermittent.. Docking the tablet is easy—just line the connectors up and gently push down. It's a breeze once you've done it a few times (the first couple of attempts may cause some fumbling, but you never need to push hard), and Windows will let you know when it's attached. Other than the standard Laptop mode, you can attach the screen backward to achieve View mode like convertible laptops, where screen is pointed toward you with the keyboard behind (useful for airplane tray tables). You can also attach it backward and fold it down flat for Studio mode, in which the Surface book is shaped like a tablet but keeps the keyboard's components in play.. The keyboard is comfortable, with backlit keys that are satisfying to tap, quiet with a good amount of travel without feeling mushy. The touchpad is also responsive, though full click presses are quite audible (you can avoid this by just tapping). The speakers are on the two top corners of the tablet; there are none in the keyboard dock. For tablet speakers, they do an admirable job; loud enough to be heard from a moderate distance, if not exactly booming.. The volume rocker is located on the top left corner of the tablet, right next to the power button. Other than the headphone jack, found on the right side of the display, all of the ports are located on the keyboard dock. That includes two USB 3.1 ports and an SD card slot on the left, while the right edge holds the Surface Connect port (used for the power adapter as well as docking with the $200 Surface Dock) and a USB-C port. The Surface Book 2 is also compatible with the newest Surface Pen (which can magnetically attach to the side of the screen) and Surface Dial , both sold separately for $100 each. The two peripherals are hardly necessary, but may supplement your workflow if you're an artist or designer. The 15-inch Surface Book 2 also has a built-in Xbox wireless controller receiver, which is handy for gamers (I, for example, had to purchase the wireless USB dongle to connect the controller to my desktop PC).. Internal storage comes in the form of a solid-state drive, the capacity of which is configurable when ordering—multiple drive options are available on each screen size. This maxed-out model uses a 1TB SSD, a very pricey add, while the lowest available is 256GB (that model is $2,499). For comparison, the $2,799 MacBook Pro we tested includes 512GB, while the 512GB Surface Book 2 costs $2,899. Although it's a costly inclusion, 1TB of speedy SSD storage is a mouthwatering proposition for creative types and gamers, offering faster load times and plenty of room to store your files and game installs. Should you need support, Microsoft covers the Surface Book 2 with a one-year warranty.. As mentioned, this model is fully loaded and packs an Intel Core i7-8650U processor (an eighth-generation, Kaby Lake R chip), 16GB of memory, and the Nvidia GTX 1060. These components are again more in line with last year's "performance base" Surface Book (which included a GTX 965M and a Core i7 Skylake CPU) than the original, but the Surface Book 2 is a notch above. It showed its general productivity chops on the PCMark 8 Work Conventional test, producing a high score despite the ramped-up resolution—pushing more pixels lowers the results on this test. For example, the very portable Lenovo Yoga 920 , our top pick for high-end convertible hybrid laptops, scored a few hundred points higher with a similar CPU because it was running at 1080p.. The Surface Book 2 was quicker overall on the multimedia tests, however, an objectively speedy system on tasks like video encoding and applying Photoshop filters. One down note is that the 16GB RAM ceiling may well be a turn-off for some professionals like video editors, who crave higher memory limits for crunching through footage. 16GB is fine for most uses, including gaming, but truly memory-intensive tasks for enthusiasts may leave you wanting more. It traded blows with the 15-inch MacBook Pro here (arguably its most direct competitor), with Microsoft's system being faster on Photoshop, lower on CineBench, and just barely behind on Handbrake. Only something like the HP ZBook Studio G4 —a pricey performance-focused mobile workstation—delivered any meaningful separation on these tests, and even then, the two were very close on PCMark and Photoshop.. The aforementioned performance difference between the Surface Book and the Surface Pro (admittedly less expensive as tested) is also made clear on these tests—not a big gap, but an extant one. All of this, and my anecdotal experience, is to say the Surface Book 2 is proficient at a variety of jobs, from multitasking with a few different programs (like a browser, a spreadsheet, and Spotify ) to content creation.. Unlike most thin-and-light systems, the Surface Book 2 can handle graphics-intensive work and gaming. Its GTX 1060, a card usually found in modern midrange gaming laptops, is perfectly suited to 1080p gaming. The most comparable small and thin laptop to bear a GTX 1060 is the 14-inch Razer Blade , which doesn't come with the Surface Book 2's many advanced features and costs $1,899. Like other GTX 1060 laptops, the Surface Book 2 was capable of at or around 60 frames per second (fps) on the Heaven and Valley gaming tests on high settings in 1080p.. That's a solid gaming machine (for HD—playing at the native resolution resulted in frame rates closer to 20fps), even if you must lower a couple of settings on the occasional title. Additionally, when I changed the system's battery mode to "Best Performance" instead of default, it was able to average about 65fps and 72fps on the same tests, squeezing more power out of the components. (Keep in mind this mode will drain the battery faster, though.) Outside of the synthetic tests, I was able to run Destiny 2 smoothly on Microsoft's system between 40fps and 60fps in 1080p, though the 3:2 aspect ratio sometimes makes the screen look squashed (this will vary by game support, but I was able to fix it by switching to windowed fullscreen). Tuning down a few graphics settings from maximum demonstrably bumped the frame rate up toward 60fps. The GTX 1060 is also suited to VR gaming , though since it's the floor, you may not be able to max out settings.. The MacBook Pro, as expensive as it is and with a dedicated AMD Radeon card, simply didn't stack up to the Surface Book 2 on these tests, failing to average even 30fps in 1080p. General 3D performance (which is involved in professional graphics and video work) and gaming aptitude represent the greatest gulf between the two machines. I don't mean that just in terms of the benchmark numbers, but for purpose and functionality—the Surface Book 2 can serve as a legitimate gaming and visual content creation system, even if it's not the best in class in either sphere. An aspirational thin and powerful gaming laptop like the Asus ROG Zephyrus and its GTX 1080 delivers superior power (and it's not often I can recommend it as the less expensive option), but the Surface Book 2 brings much more versatility to the table. The Dell XPS 15, quite admirably, is the only real alternative that takes some of the shine off the Surface Book 2. Its GTX 1050, while not as effective, is a competent card in just as slim and nice of a chassis for less money.. This is all supported by a top-notch battery power, managing 17 hours and 12 minutes on our video-rundown test. That's with both the keyboard's battery and the tablet's battery—the latter on its own ran for 4:54. The combined total is one of the longest runs we've tested and extra impressive given the super-high resolution screen. It bests the 15-inch MacBook Pro (15:09), the Surface Pro (13:54), the Razer Blade (10:36), the XPS 15 (6:05), and the HP ZBook Studio G4 (6:56). Some of the only longer-lasting systems around are the 2016 Surface Book (19:16 by way of its same dual-battery setup but less-demanding components) and the Lenovo Yoga 920 (22:38).. One reported issue with "Best Performance" mode on the Surface Book 2 is that it experiences battery drain even when plugged in. I tested this, running The Witcher 3 for four hours at 1080p and high settings, and the battery did drain somewhat despite being plugged into the wall. It stopped reducing at about 90 percent, (the second battery stayed at 100 percent) charging up intermittently to stay around that level. As such, it does seem like there's something to the charger wattage being insufficient, but it hardly came close to running the battery out, and the discrete graphics never switched off. It's an annoyance, and somewhat of a fault in the design, but realistically should only be a problem during very long sessions (and on "Best Performance" mode) that you need to grab your Surface Book 2 and run with a full charge immediately after.. Other laptops and hybrids achieve some of the Surface Book 2's high points independently, but its successful integration of several computer archetypes into one is a feat of design. It's not radically different from the original Surface Book or last year's incremental upgrade, but the 15-inch size and legitimately powerful components elevate the concept. This is the most expensive version of the Surface Book 2, so it may not shine as brightly in a more modest configuration, but you can move within $100 of the MacBook Pro just by cutting the storage capacity.. Given that, unless you're an Apple loyalist or simply need macOS software for work, it's hard to argue against a touch-enabled, gaming-ready system with fantastic battery life that can also become a tablet at the press of a button. It's also a better deal than the 2016 Surface Book, which was the same price as tested, and as a true luxury system, more fully realized and faster than the Surface Pro. The Dell XPS 15 is the strongest Windows-based alternative for a desktop replacement that won't cost nearly as much, but it lacks the convertible design, many hours of battery life, and level of 3D performance. Yes, you'll have to pay up for the Surface Book 2, but if you're in the market for a premium laptop, it's a unique option that executes excellently on multiple fronts, earning our Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The Surface Book 2 is a feat of design, a top-of-the-line premium convertible 2-in-1 laptop that's fast, long lasting, versatile, and portable. Other Microsoft 2-in-1 Convertible Laptops. Microsoft Surface Book (2016, Intel Core i7). Matthew Buzzi is a Hardware Analyst at PCMag, focusing on laptops and desktops with a specialty in gaming systems and games. Matthew earned a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism and interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming before turning it into part of his career. He spends entirely too much time on Twitter (find him @M... HP Omen X Compact Desktop and VR Backpack. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Tablets & eBook Readers └ Computers/Tablets & Networking All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. There seems to be a problem serving the request at this time. You are here eBay Computers, Tablets & Network Hardware Tablets & eBook Readers Microsoft Surface RT Tablets Microsoft Surface RT Tablets. Tell us what you think - opens in new window or tab. Microsoft Windows Surface 2 RT 32GB Tablet Blue Type Cover Keyboard Bundle. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB,Wi-Fi,10.6-Inch - Dark Titanium bundle w/ type cover. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. Microsoft Surface RT RT 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. Microsoft Windows Surface RT 32GB Tablet Blue Type Cover Keyboard Bundle. Microsoft Surface RT 10.6" HD Tablet 32GB, Wi-Fi - Black (7XR-00001). Lot of 5 Microsoft Surface RT 1516 32GB SSD 2GB RAM Grade B. BUNDLE Microsoft Surface RT 32GB with Touch Cover MS Office 2013 Fast Free Ship. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. Microsoft Surface RT with Touch Cover 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in W/ KEYBOARD BUNDLE. Microsoft Surface RT 1516 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium Windows- memo port. Lowest Price + Shipping Highest Price + Shipping Ending Soon Newly Listed Nearest First. Group similar listings Group similar listings. Microsoft Surface RT 1572 32GB Tablet #125. 15 bids Ending Tuesday at 1:20PM PST 1d 11h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 32 gb .. Paint is peeling off of the back, see pics. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. Microsoft Surface RT 1572 32GB Tablet #124. 8 bids Ending Tuesday at 1:19PM PST 1d 11h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Windows Surface 2 RT 32GB Tablet Blue Type Cover Keyboard Bundle. This is a lightly used Surface 2. It has been wiped and is ready for setup. Comes with original box, manual, carry case, screen protector, Charger and blue type cover Keyboard with back lighting. This is the better quality keyboard where the keys can be pressed. The screen protector box is included and came with a lifetime warranty!. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface 10.6" Tablet Windows RT Nvidia Tegra 3 Quad Core 32G FRESH. Two 720p HD Life Cams, front and rear facing.. 27 bids Ending Wednesday at 9:26PM PST 2d 19h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB With Keyboard. This Surface RT is in great working condition, used mostly as an alarm clock. The keyboard included also is in great working condition. There are some stickers on the back, I can remove them & do my best to remove any residue on request.. 5 bids Ending Tuesday at 6:29PM PST 1d 16h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB,Wi-Fi,10.6-Inch - Dark Titanium bundle w/ type cover. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 1 new & refurbished from $199.95. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. COMES WITH CHARGER, STYLUS, MOUSE, KEYBOARD. I CAN INCLUDE THE ORIGINAL BOX IF REQUESTED BY THE BUYER. TABLET IS LESS THAN A YEAR OLD. THE RHINESTONES SHOWN ON THE PICTURE CAN BE EASILY REMOVED WITH NO TRACE LEFT BEHIND.. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium (w/ Touch Cover bundle). Bought a few months ago and works as well as looks just like new!!. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 1 new & refurbished from $199.95. Microsoft Surface RT with Touch Cover 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. Microsoft Surface RT Tablet with White Touch Cover. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 1 new & refurbished from $199.95. Microsoft Surface 32GB 10.6" Tablet Windows RT. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface 64GB 10.6" Tablet Windows RT. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface Windows RT 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in P5T-00002 Office Studen 13. 64GB Microsoft Surface RT Tablet P5T-00002. Something sophisticated, but powerful enough for your needs. Both thin and light for easy portability, the Surface RT is productive, fashionable and efficient.. 32GB Microsoft Surface RT Tablet P3T-00003. Something sophisticated, but powerful enough for your needs. Both thin and light for easy portability, the Surface RT is productive, fashionable and efficient. Made with VaporMg, the Surface is crafted to be tough yet elegant with an incredibly smooth, yet durable finish.. 1 new & refurbished from $169.00. Only used for a few hours. Comes with a detachable purple keyboard. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT RT 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium With Touch Cover Bundle. Two 720p HD LifeCams, front and rear facing. It is an awesome device and fully functional! It is in great condition! This item has no scratches, dents, or chips, and comes with charger and original box.. 0 bids Ending Today at 7:27PM PST 17h 26m Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Windows Surface RT 32GB Tablet Blue Type Cover Keyboard Bundle. Gently used Microsoft Surface RT tablet - blue keyboard and charger included! The back has a few superficial scuffs/blemishes (purely cosmetic). The device works great! Good starter computer for school or home.. 0 bids Ending Thursday at 9:47AM PST 3d 7h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 10.6" HD Tablet 32GB, Wi-Fi - Black (7XR-00001). screen of the item is clean and back may have some scratches.. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. OB Microsoft Surface RT 32GB WiFi Bluetooth 10.6in HD Tablet Black 7XR-00001. This warranty covers the unit for any manufacturer defects. Top Rated Plus Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Lot of 5 Microsoft Surface RT 1516 32GB SSD 2GB RAM Grade B. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 64GB Wi-Fi 10.6in bundle with Touch Cover, Mouse & Charger. Some Surface Scratches & Wear To Keyboard. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface 64 GB With Windows RT. My daughter HAD to have this a few Christmas’s ago. She was only 9 when we bought it. Once she realized it was a new windows product and nothing like mine it kind of went away. In Gods all honestly, if this was turned on a dozen times I’d be surprised.. 0 bids Ending Wednesday at 5:52PM PST 2d 15h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 10.6" Tablet 2GB 1.30GHz 32GB Windows RT (7XR-00001). Microsoft Surface RT 10.6" Tablet 2 GB 1.30 GHz 32 GB Windows RT. Top Rated Plus Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 2 new & refurbished from $89.99. Microsoft Surface 64GB Tablet with Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 RT, wi. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface 64GB Tablet with Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 RT. 64 GB Storage, 2 GB RAM, Up to 8 Hours of Battery LifeTwo 720p HD LifeCams, front and rear facingWi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n); Bluetooth 4.0 Technology. For example: instruction manual, inserts (Styrofoam), plastic bags, and unfilled warranty card.. BUNDLE Microsoft Surface RT 32GB with Touch Cover MS Office 2013 Fast Free Ship. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB Wi-Fi 10.6in and Touch Cover Keyboard. Comes with Surface RT, Touch Cover and Microsoft Wall Charger. All the accessories are Genuine Microsoft product.. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Windows Surface RT Tablet with 32GB Memory 10.6" Manufacturer Refurbished. For storage media have been equipped with a 32GB of internal storage and comes with a USB 2.0 interface and microSD card slot, and supports WiFi connectivity with 2x2 MIMO antenna. Condition : This item is Manufacturer refurbished.. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 1 new & refurbished from $169.00. Microsoft Surface Windows 8 RT 64GB Memory 10.6" Tablet. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface Windows RT 8.1 10.6'' Tablet 64GB 1.71GHz NVIDIA Tegra 4 Silve. Works Great! It is Fully Functional. It Shows Some Wear and Scratching and Screen Defact on Right Corner. This unit has been thoroughly inspected, repaired and tested by our in-house, factory-trained technicians.. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Magnesium. Up to 8 Hours of Battery Life, 2 GB RAM, 32 GB Storage Capacity (15 GB Available).. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Microsoft Surface RT with Touch Cover 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium Bundle. Used tablet with charger and purple detachable magnetic keyboard.. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 1 new & refurbished from $199.95. Microsoft Surface RT with Touch Cover 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in W/ KEYBOARD BUNDLE. SO YOU'RE GETTING THIS SURFACE KEYBOARD FOR A PRICE ON 1. THIS DOES COME WITH THE KEYBOARD ATTACHMENT. NOTHING WILL BE ON IT AND YOU WILL NEED TO MAKE A MICROSOFT ACCOUNT TO USE IT.. Microsoft Surface RT 1516 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium Windows- memo port. Comes with original box, purple convertible case and charger.. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT Windows 8.1 10.6 Tablet Office 2013 WiFi 32GB 1.3Ghz Laptop. Used item in good working condition.. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT Model 1516 32GB Quad Core 1.30GHZ 2GB RAM KeyBoard Mouse!. Includes external keyboard and mouse for easy typing and input! Flash Memory Size32. Max Screen Resolution1366 x 768 pixels.. 2 new & refurbished from $89.99. New Listing Microsoft Surface RT Second Gen (1572) with Purple Touch Cover - 64GB. Excellent condition single owner Second Generation (1572) Microsoft Surface RT 64GB. Comes factory reset for you with original charger. I am including a purple Type Cover in excellent condition.. 0 bids Ending Mar 4 at 9:16PM PST 6d 19h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Genuine Microsoft Surface RT 32GB BLACK 10.6" Tablet Win RT Warranty. We have since grown to be a large scale electronics recycling, asset recovery center. C & I Electronics is an R2:2013 Responsible Recycling. Notes: Item may show signs of use.. Top Rated Plus Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 10.6 Black 1.3GHz NVIDIA Tegra 3 2GB 64GB. Although there are a few scratches on the back of the tablet, other than that everything is perfect. Charger is included but when plugged in needs to be adjusted to work.. Microsoft Surface RT RT 64GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6in - Dark Titanium. Basically New, Used for one week, haven’t used since, regular handle, works 100% and updated to lastest software. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. New Listing Microsoft Surface RT Touch Tablet 32GB, Wi-Fi, 10.6 in VERY GOOD CONDITION. Microsoft Surface Windows RT 32 GB Used in very good condition Comes with Original box Screen is perfect with no scratches Protective Case (cover/keyboard has small tear please see photos Charger included Was not used a lot and is in good working condition. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 1 new & refurbished from $199.95. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB Black, Bundle see description Works Great -TP112207564. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB Black RT Charger, Works Great. Surface RT 32GB TABLET RT Charger ONLY, NO other Accessories Included Surface RT 32GB. Top Rated Plus Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB Black, -TP112596311. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB Black RT Charger -TP112596311. RT ChargerWhat IsNOT Included Keyboard CoverTP112596311. Product is in good overall cosmetic condition but shows Heavy signs of use.. Top Rated Plus Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface - Windows RT 8.1, 10.6" Tablet Office 2013, WiFi, 32GB. Working Surface tablet with Office 2013 and charger. Will ship to/in US only No returns. 2 bids Ending Thursday at 7:54PM PST 3d 17h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 2 new & refurbished from $89.99. Microsoft Surface 64gb Windows RT Tablet. Microsoft Surface 64gb Windows RT Tablet. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT 32GB 10.6" Windows Tablet (Silver). Two 720p HD LifeCams, front and rear facing.. Top Rated Plus Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface Windows RT 64gb Tablet Model# 1516. Only Surface and Generic charger, NO other accessories. Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. Microsoft Surface RT Windows 8.1 Tablet PC 32GB Nvidia-Tegra Dark Titanium. It is in near perfect condition with no scratches,dents, or discoloration. This tablet has been well kept and not abused. It has Windows 8.1 and Microsoft Office 2013 installed.. 1 bid Ending Friday at 2:07PM PST 4d 12h Brand: Microsoft Customs services and international tracking provided. 6 new & refurbished from $120.00. Getting Familiar with a New Microsoft Surface. In an age where tablets have taken over the technology industry, the Microsoft Surface is a great tool for those who are focused on multi-tasking and productivity. The Surface Pro is to a PC as the iPad.... Samsung ATIV Smart PC 500T Vs. Deciding between tablet computing devices is sometimes an ordeal. Each model has its own strengths and you'll find a plethora of designs to compare. The Samsung ATIV Smart PC 500T and Microsoft Surface.... Got one to sell? Get it in front of 160+ million buyers.. Computers, Tablets & Network Hardware Tablets & eBook Readers 3D Printers & Supplies Tablet & eBook Reader Accessories Tablet & eBook Reader Parts Laptops & Netbooks Desktops & All-In-One Computers Laptop & Desktop Accessories Computer Cables & Connectors Computer Components & Parts Computer Drives, Storage & Blank Media Enterprise Networking & Servers Home Network & Connectivity Equipment Computer Keyboards, Mice & Pointers Computer Monitors, Projectors & Accessories Computer Power Protection & Distribution Equipment Computer Printers, Scanners & Supplies Computer Software Computer, Tablet & Networking Manuals & Resources Vintage Computers, Parts & Accessories Computer, Tablet & Networking Wholesale Lots Other Computers, Tablets & Network Equipment, Parts & Accessories. Please provide a valid price range. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
I write about technology's biggest companies. Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. Surface 3 – 267 x 187 x 8.7mm (10.51 x 7.36 x 0.34 inches) and 622g (1.37 lbs). Surface Pro 3 – 292 x 201 x 9.1mm (11.5 x 7.93 x 0.36 inches) and 790g (1.76 lbs). The new Surface 3 is a great surprise. Unlike most high profile devices these days,. got the smaller, lighter and cheaper version of its excellent Surface Pro 3 out of the door without a single leak. But given the two machines look virtually identical, what exactly are the differences between them?. Display - The most obvious place to start is size. The Surface 3 has a 10.8-inch display compared to a larger 12-inch display in the Pro 3. The Pro 3 also has a higher resolution (2,160 x 1,440 vs 1920 x 1280 pixels) though the Surface 3 has still more than enough pixels to compete with most tablets and 11-inch laptops - especially in its price range (more later).. The Surface 3 also packs support for 10-point multi-touch input and the same 3:2 ‘squarer’ aspect ratio which makes the Surface Pro 3 so good for web surfing.. Surface 3 looks identical, but is smaller than the Surface Pro 3 - image credit Microsoft. Size – With a smaller display, the Surface 3 is also smaller overall:. Design – Despite being the little brother of the Surface Pro 3, the Surface 3 can stand mostly stand toe-to-toe with it when it comes to design and build materials. Both models have magnesium alloy chassis and premium ceramic finishes that are as good as anything on the market.. The only catch: the Surface 3 kickstand has only three positions, whereas the Pro 3 is infinitely adjustable.. Surface Pro 3 is infinitely adjustable, the Surface 3 only has 3 positions - image credit Microsoft. Read more - Windows 10 Installs Automatically On Windows 7 And Windows 8. Hardware ­– Changes up to now largely come down to user preference, but where these two really break from one another is performance. While the Surface Pro 3 offers the latest cutting edge. i3, i5 and i7 chipsets with up to 8GB of RAM, the Surface 3 is limited to the slower quad core 1.6GHz Intel Atom x70Z8700 CPU and 2GB or 4GB of RAM.. Similarly the Surface 3 only offers 64GB or 128GB SSDs while the Surface Pro 3 has additional 256GB and 512GB options. Still, even if it is lower powered, the Surface 3 should be fast enough for most tasks.. Surface Pro 3 is designed for more demanding applications - image credit Microsoft. Connectivity - Despite the drop in power, the Surface 3 actually packs better connectivity than the Surface Pro 3. The key differentiator is a 4G (LTE) option that isn’t available in the Pro 3 models and could be a crucial difference for road warriors.. top of this the Surface 3 matches the Pro 3’s 802.11ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0 Low Energy (LE), full size USB 3.0 port, Mini DisplayPort and microSD card reader. Furthermore the Surface 3 ditches the Pro 3’s proprietary power connector for micro USB letting you use existing cables from any (non-. Operating System – Technically the Surface 3’s predecessor was the Surface RT – a fine hybrid spoilt by running the restrictive and now defunct Windows RT. This time the Surface 3 has OS parity with the Pro 3 as both run Windows 8.1 and Microsoft is offering a free upgrade to Windows 10 (which technically is free for all for one year) when it launches in the summer.. Microsoft Surface 3: premium build materials - image credit Microsoft. Read more - Microsoft Attacks Microsoft: Why Windows 10 Gets It Right. Cameras – Microsoft has responded to demand for better mobile cameras in mobile devices by giving the Surface 3 8MP rear and 3.5MP front cameras. This compares well with the dual 5MP cameras in the Surface Pro 3, though the Pro’s more premium front facing camera is likely to be a key differentiator with video calls more likely than photography with these devices.. Battery Life – While the Surface 3 may be smaller than the Surface Pro 3, its lower power hardware means it still offers the same ‘up to 9 hours’ claim as its bigger brother. Having used a Pro 3 for some time that typically translates to around 7 hours of real world usage, which doesn’t match up to the longest latest Windows laptops or MacBooks but it should be enough for most.. page: Software, Pricing and Bottom Line. 
The Guardian - Back to home. What term do you want to search?. Microsoft Surface Book 2 review: a powerful yet pricey laptop-tablet combo. Microsoft Surface Book 2 review: a powerful yet pricey laptop-tablet combo. With prices starting at £1,500, this isn’t a casual purchase – but with its detachable screen, this could be the best Windows 10 power-user laptop going. Which is the best laptop for photo editing?. Ask Jack Which is the best laptop for photo editing?. Aileen is going to study photography and needs a powerful laptop for editing photos. It’s a job that any laptop can do, but perhaps not to the high level required. What are the best MacBook Pro alternatives?. What are the best MacBook Pro alternatives?. Want a premium and powerful yet small and light laptop that isn’t an Apple product? Here are the best 13in alternatives. Microsoft Surface Pro review: very nearly almost the future of Windows PCs. Microsoft Surface Pro review: very nearly almost the future of Windows PCs. Though held back by the lack of USB-C and barely acceptable battery life, the expensive Surface Pro is the finest example of the tablet-laptop hybrid. Microsoft Surface Laptop review: a USB-C short of the best Windows 10 laptop. Microsoft Surface Laptop review: a USB-C short of the best Windows 10 laptop. What should I consider when buying a laptop for university?. Ask Jack What should I consider when buying a laptop for university?. Microsoft unveils more powerful Surface Pro with longer battery life. Microsoft unveils more powerful Surface Pro with longer battery life. The 2-in-1 Windows tablet hybrid updated with 7th-generation Intel Core processors and new rounded design, as Microsoft targets China with Shanghai launch. What is Windows 10 S and how is it different from regular Windows 10?. What is Windows 10 S and how is it different from regular Windows 10?. Microsoft unveils Surface Laptop and Windows 10 S to rival MacBook Pro. Microsoft unveils Surface Laptop and Windows 10 S to rival MacBook Pro. Are there any good Windows 10 tablets to replace an old Surface RT?. Ask Jack Are there any good Windows 10 tablets to replace an old Surface RT?. John’s wife wants to replace her Microsoft Surface RT, which she uses in her job as a tutor. Are there any affordable Intel-based tablets up to the job?. 10 most influential personal computers – in pictures. 10 most influential personal computers – in pictures. Microsoft raises prices of some PCs by up to £400 due to Brexit. Microsoft raises prices of some PCs by up to £400 due to Brexit. Microsoft unveils Surface Studio in bid for creative professionals. Microsoft unveils Surface Studio in bid for creative professionals. The $3,000 computer is marketed to professionals as Microsoft shifts focus to ‘technology that enables profound creation’. Microsoft Surface irks NFL coaches and stars: 'I'm done with tablets'. Microsoft Surface irks NFL coaches and stars: 'I'm done with tablets'. Paper 1, Microsoft Surface 0: Patriots head coach dumps tablet in five-minute rant. Spam filter Paper 1, Microsoft Surface 0: Patriots head coach dumps tablet in five-minute rant. Microsoft gets catty over Apple's 'iPad Pro is a computer' claims. Spam filter Microsoft gets catty over Apple's 'iPad Pro is a computer' claims. Voice assistants duke it out in the most passive aggressive display of tech company feuding via slick-looking adverts yet. Your next computer should be a laptop-tablet hybrid. Your next computer should be a laptop-tablet hybrid. When Microsoft first floated the two-in-one hybrid idea, many balked at the suggestion. But after years of improvements, they’re worth serious consideration. Microsoft Surface Book review: the best Windows laptop, with detachable screen. Microsoft Surface Book review: the best Windows laptop, with detachable screen. Laptop first, tablet second, this is the best combination of a 2-in-1 machine with all the power of a full PC squeezed into 7.7mm of tablet. The mobile makers are coming for the PC market and it’s all Microsoft’s fault. The mobile makers are coming for the PC market and it’s all Microsoft’s fault. Smartphone makers are starting to create Windows 10 tablets that are more like gadgets than traditional computers. Microsoft Surface tablets offline during Broncos-Patriots NFL playoff. Microsoft Surface tablets offline during Broncos-Patriots NFL playoff. Sponsored Windows tablets fail to provide New England with crucial play information leading to enraged fans, coaching staff and players. About 86 results for Microsoft Surface. © 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. 
Single Serve & Keurig® K-Cup® Pods. Plus Membership - for small businesses. Premium Membership - for mid-to-large businesses. 1 Hour Store Pick Up Deals. Please enter a valid City, St or Zip Code. Check item availability and take advantage of 1-hour pickup option at your store. Set store to pick up today. The 'From' value should be less than 'To' value. Please enter a valid price range. Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3” Multi-touch, 7th-generation Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro. Size: 12.3" best-in-class laptop, with the versatility of a studio and tablet. 12.3" PixelSense Display with 10 point-multi touch, 2736 x 1824 (267 PPI) resolution. Item : 2724553 /. Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3" Multi-touch, 7th-generation Intel Core i7, 512GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro. Size: 12.3" best-in-class laptop, with the versatility of a studio and tablet. 12.3" PixelSense Display with 10 point-multi touch, 2736 x 1824 (267 PPI) resolution. Item : 2724550 /. StarTech Accessory Kit For Surface 3 and Surface Pro 3. Accessory kit for surface 3 and Surface Pro 3. Enhance the capabilities of your surface 3, with an accessory kit that enables you to connect to any wired network. Item : IM11N0109 /. Microsoft Surface Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter, Windows 10/8.1, Black. Has DisplayPort v1.1a standard, VGA interfaces. Dimensions: 0.58"H x 1.13"W x 9.17"D. Item : 24254422 /. Microsoft® Docking Station for Surface Pro 3/4 Tablet, Black (PD9-00003). Dimensions: 1.18"H x 5.12"W x 2.36"D. Item : IM18Q2506 /. Microsoft Surface Pro Signature Type Cover, Aqua. Battery lasts up to 13.5 hrs. Dimensions: 0.2"H x 11.6"W x 8.5"D. Item : 24254416 /. Tripp Lite USB 3.0 Docking Station, Dark Gray (U342-GU3). Docking station is suitable for home and office environment. Compatibility: Microsoft Surface and Surface Pro, Tablet PC. Item : IM16B6818 /. Tripp Lite U342-HGU3 USB 3.0 Docking Station with HDMI 4K & Gigabit Ethernet Port, Black. Docking station easily connects your device to your home stereo system and allows to play your favorite digital music. Connections: Three 9-pin USB 3.0 type A on first end, RJ45 Ethernet 10Base-T/100Base-TX/1000Base-T, 19-pin HDMI type A, Mini-DisplayPort on second end. Compatibility: Microsoft Tablet Surface and Surface Pro PCs. Item : IM16B6812 /. Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3" Multi-touch, 7th-generation Intel Core m3-7Y30, 128GB SSD, 4GB DDR4, Windows 10 Pro. 12.3" Screen (2736 x 1824 pixel). Item : 2724547 /. Microsoft Surface QC7-00001 Pro 4 Type Cover, Black. Optimally spaced keys facilitate quick typing. Backlit design for use in dim lighting. Item : 1929435 /. Microsoft Surface 3 A7Z-00001 Type Cover, Black. Available Colors: Black, Blue, Bright Blue, Red, Bright Red. Item : 1598965 /. Refurbished Microsoft Surface 3, Intel Processor, 64GB, 10.8" display (Windows 10). Type Cover designed for Surface 3 and Surface Pen sold separately. Quad Core Intel Atom x7 processor 1.6Ghz (2.4Ghz burst speed). Item : 2609823 /. Refurbished Microsoft Surface Pro 4, Intel Core m3, 4GB RAM, 128GB SSD, 12.3", Windows 10 Pro. Intel Core m3 processor for smooth performance. 12.3" PixelSense full HD plus display ensures clear, vivid visuals. Windows 10 Pro offers convenient compatibility. Item : 2521591 /. Refurbished Microsoft Surface 3, Intel Processor, 64GB, 10.8" display. Quad Core Intel Atom x7 processor 1.6Ghz (2.4Ghz burst speed) running Windows 8.1. 64GB Storage on-board memory and 2GB RAM. 10.8'' Clear Type Full HD Display with 1920 x 1280 Resolution and 10 point multi-touch. Item : 2661631 /. Microsoft RC2-00001 Power Supply for Surface Pro 3, 36W, Black. Designed exclusively for Surface Pro 3. Weight: 209 grams (Power Supply Unit + AC cable + DC cable). Item : 1074202 /. Microsoft Surface Pro 4, Intel® Core™ i5, 4GB RAM, 128GB Solid State Drive, 12.3" display, Windows 10 Pro. 12.3-inch PixelSense full HD Plus display provides bright, easy-to-see graphics. Windows 10 Pro handles documents, spreadsheets and slideshows with ease. Large hard drive has room for permanent copies of your work. Item : 1913936 /. Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3” Multi-touch, 7th-generation Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro. Size: 12.3" best-in-class laptop, with the versatility of a studio and tablet. 12.3" PixelSense Display with 10 point-multi touch, 2736 x 1824 (267 PPI) resolution. Item : 2724549 /. Microsoft Surface Pro 12.3” Multi-touch, 7th-generation Intel Core i7, 256GB SSD, Windows 10 Pro. Size: 12.3" best-in-class laptop, with the versatility of a studio and tablet. 12.3" PixelSense Display with 10 point-multi touch, 2736 x 1824 (267 PPI) resolution. Item : 2724546 /. California Transparency in Supply Chains Act. Email Address * Confirm Email Address * Submit. Get the mobile app iOS Android. This Web site is intended for use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2016 , Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
popular - all - random - users. AskReddit - worldnews - videos - funny - todayilearned - pics - gaming - movies - news - gifs - mildlyinteresting - aww - Showerthoughts - television - Jokes - science - OldSchoolCool - sports - IAmA - Documentaries - TwoXChromosomes - explainlikeimfive - personalfinance - books - tifu - Futurology - dataisbeautiful - WritingPrompts - nottheonion - food - Music - photoshopbattles - EarthPorn - philosophy - Art - nosleep - GetMotivated - askscience - LifeProTips - space - UpliftingNews - DIY - history - gadgets - creepy - listentothis - blog - announcements - InternetIsBeautiful. Surface hot new rising controversial top gilded wiki. Want to join? Log in or sign up in seconds. subreddit: subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author: username find submissions by "username" site: example.com find submissions from "example.com" url: text search for "text" in url selftext: text search for "text" in self post contents self:yes (or self:no) include (or exclude) self posts nsfw:yes (or nsfw:no) include (or exclude) results marked as NSFW. use the following search parameters to narrow your results:. see the search faq for details.. Surface subscribe unsubscribe 61,375 readers. 458 users here now. Our featured Surface artist is watmough. created by k1yle Developers, developers a community for 5 years. message the moderators k1yle Developers, developers The_Didlyest I'm a Mod! achillbreeze CSFFlame dsruby wbkang XZQT .exe mtvee Sp3 prjkthack Surface Pro i7 512GB ratshack SP4i7,SP3i7,S3,SP2,SP1,Sp2017,SL,SB,SB2..all of them. Just 'all' ...and 1 more ». the front page of the internet.. and subscribe to one of thousands of communities.. 390 comments share save hide report. Light bleed, dark spots, and other display issues - the megathread. submitted 7 months ago * by brainandforce i7/256 GB (Surface Pro 2017) | i7/GTX 965M (Surface Studio) - announcement. 128 comments share save hide report. [Book2] Surface Pro - intermittent pen inaccuracy when hand is on the screen ( answers.microsoft.com ). submitted 1 month ago by NiveaGeForce - announcement. 74 comments share save hide report. [Book] MFW my piece of crap $70 Atom tablet has just had its 3rd birthday while none of my SP4's / Books have lasted more than 18 months without issues ( i.imgur.com ). submitted 11 hours ago by veritablechicken. 1 comment share save hide report. For a change of pace, a portrait of a beautiful girl. submitted 3 hours ago by AtelierEdge. 2 comments share save hide report. [book] Can the Surface Book be used as a second monitor via the displayport? ( self.Surface ). submitted 2 hours ago by oddepoxy. 2 comments share save hide report. [Book2] After months of being the guy that asked all the annoying questions, I finally pulled the trigger on Surface Book 2! ( self.Surface ). submitted 9 hours ago by sworntotheriff. 11 comments share save hide report. [pro2] 5 year old Surface Pro 2. Done? ( i.redd.it ). submitted 8 hours ago by firenze86. [book2] Surface book 2: college ( curioustechreviews.blog ). submitted 42 minutes ago by curiosity403. 7 comments share save hide report. [book2] Book 2 as a tablet ( self.Surface ). submitted 11 hours ago by Capten_Idiot. 9 comments share save hide report. [Pro2017] Is it possible to mimic pen and paper with the Surface Pro and Surface Pen? ( self.Surface ). submitted 1 hour ago by asianboy0122. [pro4] Surface 3 vs SP3/SP4 Primarily for PDF Annotation ( self.Surface ). submitted 2 hours ago by rodo111. 1 comment share save hide report. Surface Pro pen suddenly doesnt ink anymore? ( self.Surface ). submitted 6 hours ago * by throwawayfarway2017. [pro4] Storing a Pro4 w/ Defective Battery ( self.Surface ). submitted 6 hours ago by tenninjas [PRO4]. 51 comments share save hide report. [pro4] How Microsoft handled my Surface Pro 4 with damaged battery ( imgur.com ). submitted 1 day ago by wojtekmaj SP4 i5 256GB. 6 comments share save hide report. [laptop] Is typing notes with with a clamshell laptop a liability in college? ( self.Surface ). submitted 11 hours ago * by razorbacksteven. 7 comments share save hide report. [book2] Surface Book 2 13" USB-C Charging at Full Speed ( self.Surface ). submitted 8 hours ago * by gtbuchanan SB2 13" i7/16/512. [pro3] [SP3] No longer booting? ( self.Surface ). submitted 2 hours ago by Esquiire. 3 comments share save hide report. [book2] What's a good slim sleeve for Surface Book 2? ( self.Surface ). submitted 6 hours ago by FutureDancer. 1 comment share save hide report. Am I missing a setting? My surface keeps shutting down instead of sleeping when its in my bag for a few hours, closing all my work. submitted 3 hours ago by Bior37. 4 comments share save hide report. Upgrading to W10 Pro ( self.Surface ). submitted 12 hours ago by BeforeTheRobots. 2 comments share save hide report. just bought a SB2 but getting scared reading this subreddit ( self.Surface ). submitted 3 hours ago by dont_forget_canada. 1 comment share save hide report. Are there any good surface pro cases? ( self.Surface ). submitted 3 hours ago by icomefromgod. SB2 Overheating While Charging? ( self.Surface ). submitted 4 hours ago by whaleweight. Bottom of the screen flicker problem ( self.Surface ). submitted 8 hours ago by MonHunSaber. 1 comment share save hide report. [pro2017] New Surface Pro I5 128GB 4GB $599.99 at Microcenter ( self.Surface ). submitted 11 hours ago * by daffybugs. 2 comments share save hide report. [book] Surface book 1 in 2018? ( self.Surface ). submitted 9 hours ago by Rotato_chips. Small gap between screen and hinge ( self.Surface ). submitted 6 hours ago by ChackoM. help site rules help center wiki reddiquette mod guidelines contact us. apps & tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website buttons. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.. Rendered by PID 76216 on app-236 at 2018-02-26 10:00:30.502417+00:00 running 7dd586d country code: SG.. 
Surface Pro with LTE Advanced (Model 1807). How to create a Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick. How to use a Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick. Find out how the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser tool can help you securely wipe data from your Surface devices.. Microsoft Surface Data Eraser is a tool that boots from a USB stick and allows you to perform a secure wipe of all data from a compatible Surface device. A Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick requires only the ability to boot from USB. The USB stick is easy to create by using the provided wizard, the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser wrapper, and is easy to use with a simple graphic interface, no command line needed. To learn more about the data wiping capabilities and practices Microsoft uses during the service process for Surface, see Protecting your data if you send your Surface in for service .. Microsoft Surface Data Eraser uses the NVM Express (NVMe) format command to erase data as authorized in NIST Special Publication 800-88 Revision 1 .. Some scenarios where Microsoft Surface Data Eraser can be helpful include:. Prepare a Surface device to be sent for repair. Decommission a Surface device to be removed from corporate or organizational use. Repurpose a Surface device for use in a new department or for use by a new user. Standard practice when performing reimaging for devices used with sensitive data. Third-party devices, Surface devices running Windows RT (including Surface and Surface 2), and Surface Pro are not compatible with Microsoft Surface Data Eraser.. Because the ability to boot to USB is required to run Microsoft Surface Data Eraser, if the device is not configured to boot from USB or if the device is unable to boot or POST successfully, the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser tool will not function.. To create a Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick, first install the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser setup tool from the Microsoft Download Center using the link provided at the beginning of this article. You do not need a Surface device to create the USB stick. After you have downloaded the installation file to your computer, follow these steps to install the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser creation tool:. Run the DataEraserSetup.msi installation file that you downloaded from the Microsoft Download Center.. Select the check box to accept the terms of the license agreement, and then click Install .. Click Finish to close the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser setup window.. After the creation tool is installed, follow these steps to create a Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick. Before you begin these steps, ensure that you have a USB 3.0 stick that is 4 GB or larger connected to the computer.. Start Microsoft Surface Data Eraser from the Start menu or Start screen.. Click Build to begin the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB creation process.. Click Start to acknowledge that you have a USB stick of at least 4 GB connected, as shown in Figure 1.. Start the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser tool. Select the USB drive of your choice from the USB Thumb Drive Selection page as shown in Figure 2, and then click Start to begin the USB creation process. The drive you select will be formatted and any existing data on this drive will be lost.. If the Start button is disabled, check that your removable drive has a total capacity of at least 4 GB.. After the creation process is finished, the USB drive has been formatted and all binaries are copied to the USB drive. When the Congratulations screen is displayed, you can eject and remove the thumb drive. This thumb drive is now ready to be inserted into a Surface device, booted from, and wipe any data on the device. Click Complete to finish the USB creation process, as shown in Figure 3.. Complete the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB creation process. Click X to close Microsoft Surface Data Eraser.. After you create a Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick, you can boot a supported Surface device from the USB stick by following this procedure:. Insert the bootable Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick into the supported Surface device.. Boot your Surface device from the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick. To boot your device from the USB stick follow these steps:. Press and hold the Volume Down button.. Press and release the Power button.. Release the Volume Down button.. If your device does not boot to USB using these steps, you may need to turn on the Enable Alternate Boot Sequence option in Surface UEFI. You can read more about Surface UEFI boot configuration in Manage Surface UEFI Settings .. When the Surface device boots, a SoftwareLicenseTerms text file is displayed, as shown in Figure 4.. Booting the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB stick. Read the software license terms, and then close the Notepad file.. Accept or decline the software license terms by typing Accept or Decline. You must accept the license terms to continue.. The Microsoft Surface Data Eraser script detects the storage devices that are present in your Surface device and displays the details of the native storage device. To continue, press Y (this action runs Microsoft Surface Data Eraser and removes all data from the storage device) or press N (this action shuts down the device without removing data).. The Microsoft Surface Data Eraser tool will delete all data, including Windows operating system files required to boot the device, in a secure and unrecoverable way. To boot a Surface device that has been wiped with Microsoft Surface Data Eraser, you will first need to reinstall the Windows operating system. To remove data from a Surface device without removing the Windows operating system, you can use the Reset your PC function. However, this does not prevent your data from being recovered with forensic or data recovery capabilities. See Recovery options in Windows 10 for more information.. Partition to be erased is displayed in Microsoft Surface Data Eraser. If you pressed Y in step 6, due to the destructive nature of the data erasure process, an additional dialog box is displayed to confirm your choice.. Click the Yes button to continue erasing data on the Surface device.. When you run Surface Data Eraser on the Surface Data Eraser USB drive, a log file is generated in the SurfaceDataEraserLogs folder.. Microsoft Surface Data Eraser is periodically updated by Microsoft. For information about the changes provided in each new version, see the following:. This version of Microsoft Surface Data Eraser adds support for the following:. This version of Microsoft Surface Data Eraser adds support for the following:. Surface Data Eraser v3.2.45.0 and above can be used to restore Surface Pro or Surface Laptop devices with the 1TB storage option in the scenario that the device shows two separate 512GB volumes or encounters errors when attempting to deploy or install Windows 10. See Surface Pro Model 1796 and Surface Laptop 1TB display two drives for more information.. This version of Microsoft Surface Data Eraser adds support for the following:. The Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB drive creation tool is unable to run on Windows 10 S. To wipe a Surface Laptop running Windows 10 S, you must first create the Microsoft Surface Data Eraser USB drive on another computer with Windows 10 Pro or Windows 10 Enterprise.. The feedback system for this content will be changing soon. Old comments will not be carried over. If content within a comment thread is important to you, please save a copy. For more information on the upcoming change, we invite you to read our blog post .. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Microsoft Surface Studio is a gorgeous desktop PC and a capable digital creation tool in a single package. It brings innovation to a relatively stagnant space and provides an elegant solution to multi-product work for artists and designers. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. Super-thin display with fantastic image quality. Responsive, accurate touch screen for art and design work.. The Microsoft Surface Studio is a gorgeous desktop PC and a capable digital creation tool in a single package. It brings innovation to a relatively stagnant space and provides an elegant solution to multi-product work for artists and designers.. Digital art creation, engineering, architecture, and graphic design are complicated, and often require multiple computers and peripherals. Microsoft sets out to change that—and to bring more creatives to the Windows platform—with the Surface Studio (starting at $2,999; $4,199 as tested), a touch-screen all-in-one (AIO) PC that can stand upright like a traditional desktop display or recline to serve as a digital canvas, letting designers draw, sketch, and edit as they would on a dedicated drawing tablet or physical medium. It's all wrapped up in a thin, thoughtfully designed package, making it equal parts attractive, innovative, and useful. It's expensive and lacks cutting-edge components, but the Surface Studio still manages to easily earn our Editors' Choice endorsement for high-end AIO PCs.. HP Envy 34 Curved All-in-One (2017). Apple iMac 27-Inch With Retina 5K Display (2015). Dell OptiPlex 24 7000 Series All-In-One (7440). Apple iMac 21.5-Inch With 4K Retina Display (2015). Dell XPS Tower Special Edition (8910). First, a quick rundown for the uninitiated: The Surface Studio is an all-in-one PC, the first desktop in Microsoft's hit Surface line, which has set the benchmark for convertible laptops. In keeping with that spirit, but tying it squarely to your desk, the Studio's super-thin 28-inch touch screen can tilt from an upright setup (what Microsoft calls Desktop Mode) to a reclined, canvas-like state (Studio Mode).. The screen is just 0.44-inch thick, while the components and ports are all housed in a base that measures 1.26 by 8.66 by 9.84 inches (HWD). Our other top pick AIO, the 2017 HP Envy 34 Curved All-in-One , takes up even more desk space with its incredible ultra-wide screen, but there's no touch functionality.. The Studio's design and build are gorgeous. The look is undeniably iMac inspired, but the convertibility and glinting metal legs attaching the screen to the base give the Studio its own distinctive look. The "gravity hinge" can stop at any point between fully upright and reclined. It slides effortlessly between modes, and it's satisfying to push the screen down or up with a single finger.. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. As for the display itself, it bears a PixelSense resolution of 4,500 by 3,000, which includes 63 percent more pixels than a 4K television (192ppi). The Apple iMac With 5K Retina Display , by comparison, has a 27-inch screen with 5,210-by-2,880 resolution, though it's tough to compare directly because the Studio's aspect ratio is also different than standard wide-screen. Its 3:2 ratio was chosen with designers in mind, as one inch on the screen represents one inch in reality, better mirroring physical work in a digital space.. The screen shines, with an incredibly crisp and vibrant picture that suits the work many creative types will use it for. The colors are bold and bright, as the display uses 10-bit color depth and supports the P3 and SRGB color gamuts, which you can swap between on the fly. It's brilliantly bright on the default Vivid color profile (so much so that the maximum setting hurt my eyes up close at times, driving me to lower it down a notch). You won't have to worry about images appearing too dim. Fingerprints do smudge up the screen, but you can really only see them when it's powered off.. Of course, exceptional screen quality alone is not what will have designers flocking to the Surace Studio en masse. Its convertibility is what makes this high-end all-in-one desktop a real artist's workstation. With the display folded down, it becomes infinitely easier to draw directly on it compared with a traditional upright monitor, and that's what gives the Surface Studio its unique value.. Microsoft is aggressively targeting the creative demographic, which has been Apple's bread and butter with the iMac and MacBooks for years. This vibe was unmistakable in its debut presentation of the Studio , and is doubly obvious with additions in the Windows 10 Creators Update like Paint 3D and upgrades to Windows Ink.. By embracing touch capability on the hardware and software fronts (while Apple continues to relegate touch to iOS only), the Surface Studio could feasibly become the go-to one-stop-shop for designers and artists. More importantly, it continues the transformation of Windows and PCs as stodgy and business-centric to stylish, versatile platforms for a new generation of professionals, creatives, and students.. That brings us to the topic of price, which will likely have many potential buyers balking. The Surface Studio is clearly an expensive product — even the starting configuration costs $2,999 — but it's priced relatively competitively when you look at what you're getting. Comparably sized drawing displays don't double as powerful computers, or feature the Studio's engineering, but still cost upward of $2,000 or more. For example, Wacom's 27-inch QHD Cintiq is $2,799, and while you can hook it up to a PC or Mac for digital creation, you'll still need to buy that computer. When accounting for graphics, processing, storage, and a super-high-resolution display, the Studio's price actually starts to look reasonable.. All ports are located on the back of the base. They're a bit difficult to access, particularly when the screen is reclined, since you have to reach around it or turn the whole machine around. But it's not terribly frustrating, and keeps the flush, sleek look intact. There are four USB 3.0 ports (one is a high power port), an SD card reader, a mini DisplayPort connection, and a headset jack. USB-C connectivity is notably absent here.. The Studio comes with a wireless keyboard and wireless mouse, both of which connect via Bluetooth 4.0. These are also very iMac-like in look and feel, and they get the job done. I don't find the low-profile mouse particularly comfortable, but Apple faithfuls likely won't mind it. The keyboard is satisfying to type on.. The Surface Pen stylus is also included. It works well with the Studio, and there's little to no latency between strokes and response on the screen. The "eraser" is a customizable button, as is a skinny strip along the side you can set as right click, paste, or something else depending on your workflow. By default it brings up the Windows Ink Workspace software for quickly launching into note-taking and drawing. There are magnetic strips on either side of the display, like the Surface Pro , to attach the Pen when not in use.. We also tested the Surface Dial ($99), though it isn't included. The Dial is not an instrument for drawing or editing in and of itself, but an aid for tool and menu selection. You can press and spin the Dial to scroll through various on-screen options, which feels very satisfying. (Stay tuned for a full review of the Dial.). Placing it directly on the display and pressing down brings up a digital radial menu around the physical Dial with options like Volume, Brightness, and Undo, which looks and feels very futuristic. It doesn't take long to learn, and I was flipping between settings and changing tools with ease within a few minutes. Whether or not this will speed up your process depends on your workflow, but it definitely helped me save time shooting up to the toolbar and back to my canvas. Future software will better integrate with the Dial, giving you more options like a radial digital color wheel, and we'll test those features when they are available.. The bottom of the Dial is rubber to help grip the screen, but I found that it slowly slides down when the Studio is at any angle other than fully reclined. This shouldn't be a problem most of the time—the Dial will most likely be used alongside the Pen in Studio Mode. Keeping the bottom clean helps grip, and the Dial also works if it's simply sitting on your desk.. Outside of the peripherals, the Studio integrates 802.11ac Wi-Fi and wireless support for Xbox controllers (connecting them to a PC typically requires you to purchase Microsoft's Wireless Adapter ). You also get two front-facing cameras. One is a 5-megapixel cam for Windows Hello sign-in. When you set up Hello, it will scan your face once and recognize you in the future, allowing you to log in by standing in front of the screen instead of typing in a password. The other 1080p camera is for video chats.. Speakers are also built in to the Studio, and have a loud maximum volume with good sound quality. They're of better quality than most built-in speakers on standalone displays, though certainly not up to par with those on the room-shaking Dell XPS 27 AIO .. While the design and functionality are worthy of high praise, I have a few reservations about component selection. The Surface Studio a fast system by any measure (see the performance numbers below), but for the high-stress workloads of creative users, some inclusions could be cause for concern.. Though generally speedy, thanks in part to 32GB of memory, the Core i7 Skylake processor and GTX 980M graphics card are a generation behind. This could be because the Studio has been in development through the launch of newer components (using a Kaby Lake CPU or Pascal graphics would have presumably delayed its release). Cost concerns or engineering obstacles could also be the culprits. Either way, the Surface Studio's internal hardware isn't quite cutting edge, which is disappointing for the price, and a (likely inevitable) refreshed version with newer components would really knock it out of the park.. Storage comes in the form of a hybrid drive similar to Apple's fusion format. Our test unit includes a 2TB drive, while the base and midrange models each include 1TB. Rather than provide solid-state storage (it's not an option on any of the Studio's configurations), Microsoft includes a hybrid hard drive that utilizes an SSD cache, but data is stored on the 5,400rpm hard drive. In spite of this, and a bit to my surprise, load times were still on the level of solid-state storage. The computer boots very quickly, and programs launch with little or no delay, even if it's not the ideal SSD solution you'd hope for.. This leads to the issue of expandability options, which are something you'll have to live without if you buy the Studio. Like most all-in-ones, the machine is ready-to-go as ordered and will stay exactly that way, since you can't open it up to add more RAM or storage. That might be enough to ward off some potential buyers, since it's an expensive product you won't be able to upgrade down the road, but that's not anything new for the category, or for anyone who's worked on an iMac for years. External and cloud storage will be your friends (as they likely already are for artists), even with the roomy drive.. Just how fast is the Surface Studio? It's plenty zippy, especially since the gap between the Skylake and Kaby Lake processors is not nearly as pronounced as some generations past. The 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-6820HQ CPU and 32GB of memory powered it to a strong score on the PCMark 8 Work Conventional productivity test, even at its demanding native resolution.. Multimedia test scores were also solid. It completed the Handbrake test in 1 minute and 3 seconds, Photoshop in 3:03, and scored 702 points on CineBench. These results were all faster than the 2015 5K iMac (1:15, 3:19, and 510 points), but not by the margin you'd hope for a newer, pricey desktop.. That extends to the last-gen graphics hardware as well, though it matters a bit less since this isn't a gaming system. A 980M was among the best graphics hardware for laptops last generation, so it's a capable 3D card and a lot better than integrated graphics. Gaming isn't the Studio's purpose, but 3D performance for model rendering and manipulation (say, for CAD, architectural, and medical use) is aided by the GPU, so high-powered discrete graphics fits the bill.. It is still a mobile card, though, so it can't go toe-to-toe with gaming desktops like the Corsair One Pro or even the Digital Storm Aura , which is also an all-in-one. That said, the Studio is a capable performer at 1080p, averaging 55 frames per second (fps) on the Heaven and Valley gaming tests on Ultra-quality settings in HD. Don't expect it to run much in native resolution, though few computers could do so smoothly, really, but you can definitely manage some high-setting HD gaming on the side. It's not VR - ready, however, since the Pascal GTX 1060 graphics card is the recommended entry point for virtual reality gaming, and the 980M does not reach that mark.. The Surface Studio delivers on Microsoft's vision of creating a digital drafting board and an efficient desktop in a single package. On top of that unique proposition, it's a beautiful and cleverly designed piece of hardware with a stunning display.. I have some misgivings about the component decisions, but it doesn't mean the system is slow or not up to the task. Growing pains are to be expected as a new product type is introduced, yet the core concept is well executed. It's a successful proof of concept in Microsoft's bid for reinventing both the digital artist's workspace and the perception and function of Windows as a creator's platform.. You might want to wait for version 2.0 with newer parts if you're concerned about performance. But I can assure you that in its current form, the Microsoft Surface Studio is a joy to use and work on. It's a beautiful, innovative marriage of form and function, and an easy Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The Microsoft Surface Studio is a gorgeous desktop PC and a capable digital creation tool in a single package. It brings innovation to a relatively stagnant space and provides an elegant solution to multi-product work for artists and designers.. Matthew Buzzi is a Hardware Analyst at PCMag, focusing on laptops and desktops with a specialty in gaming systems and games. Matthew earned a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism and interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming before turning it into part of his career. He spends entirely too much time on Twitter (find him @M... HP Omen X Compact Desktop and VR Backpack. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Your request appears to be from an automated process. If this is incorrect, notify us by clicking here to be redirected.. 
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10. Please enable javascript and refresh the page. Try searching Microsoft Support to find a solution. Please enable cookies and refresh the page. 
Microsoft Surface 1.0 (April 17 [1] 2008). Samsung SUR40 with Microsoft PixelSense : Windows 7 Professional for Embedded Systems (64-bit). Samsung SUR40 with Microsoft PixelSense : Microsoft Surface 2.0. English, Danish, German, Spanish, French, Italian, Korean, Norwegian, Dutch, Swedish. Microsoft Surface 1.0 [ edit ]. Software development kit (SDK): Microsoft Surface 1.0. Form factor usage: Tables and counters. Display + vision input technology: Rear projection DLP w/cameras. Physical dimensions (L × W × H): 42.5 × 27 × 21 in (108 × 68.6 × 53.3. CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.13. Graphics (GPU): ATI Radeon X1650 – 256 MB. Storage (hard drive): 160 GB HDD. Display resolution: 1024×768 – 4:3 aspect ratio. Extensions (ports): XGA (DE-15) video out, RGB analog component video out, RCA analog component audio out, 4 USB ports. Networking: Wi-Fi 802.11g, Bluetooth, and Ethernet 10/100. Samsung SUR40 with Microsoft PixelSense [ edit ]. Software development kit (SDK): Microsoft Surface 2.0. Form factor usage: Tables, counters, kiosks and walls. Display + vision input technology: Thin LCD w/PixelSense technology. Physical dimensions (L × W × H): 42.7 × 27.5 × 4 in (108.5 × 69.9 × 10.2. CPU: AMD Athlon II X2 2.9. Graphics (GPU): AMD Radeon HD 6570M – 1 GB GDDR5. Storage (hard drive): 320 GB HDD. Display resolution: 1920×1080 – 16:9 aspect ratio. Extensions (ports): HDMI input & output, S/PDIF 5.1 digital audio surround sound out, RCA analog component audio out, 3.5. mm TRS (stereo mini-jack) audio out, 4 USB ports. Networking: Wi-Fi 802.11n, Bluetooth, and Ethernet 10/100/1000. Operating system: Windows 7 Professional for Embedded Systems (64-bit). Related Microsoft research projects [ edit ]. Wikimedia Commons has media related to Microsoft PixelSense. Running publicized list of Microsoft Partners. Surface Blog by Infusion – 2009 Microsoft Partner of the Year. Microsoft Surface Unofficial Blog and Headquarters. Microsoft Surface video channel on Vimeo. Surface Blog by Vectorform – Microsoft Surface Development Partner. Developing for Microsoft Surface – The first book published on building Surface software. Razorfish: Microsoft Surface custom solutions partner. Microsoft Surface: Behind-the-Scenes First Look (with Video) at PopularMechanics.com. IdentityMine: Microsoft Surface Snowboard and Winebar Promo (with Video) at Vimeo.com. AT&T First to Introduce Microsoft Surface in Retail Stores to Enhance Mobile Shopping Experience. Razorfish: AT&T Surface Retail Experience walkthrough (with Video). Surface Developer – Microsoft Surface Developer Blog. Experience Microsoft Surface in London, UK. PDC 2008 presentation video – Developing for Microsoft Surface. Long interview and demo at on10.net. bitmama and Microsoft present Surface for fashion and luxury. excellent video demo of MS Surface. Microsoft Surface solutions from the Netherlands, MVP for Microsoft Surface. Not to be confused with Microsoft Surface .. This article's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (February 2014) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ). Hardware : Samsung SUR40 with Microsoft PixelSense (2012). Software : Microsoft Surface 2.0 (2011). Microsoft Surface 1.0 : Windows Vista (32-bit). Microsoft Surface 1.0 : Microsoft Surface 1.0. Microsoft PixelSense (formerly called Microsoft Surface ) is an interactive surface computing platform that allows one or more people to use and touch real-world objects, and share digital content at the same time. The PixelSense platform consists of software and hardware products that combine vision based multitouch PC hardware, 360-degree multiuser application design, and Windows software to create a natural user interface (NUI).. 5.1 Microsoft Surface 1.0. 5.2 Samsung SUR40 with Microsoft PixelSense. 7 Related Microsoft research projects. Microsoft Surface 1.0, the first version of PixelSense, was announced on May 29, 2007 at the D5 Conference. [2] It shipped to customers in 2008 as an end-to-end solution with Microsoft producing and selling the combined hardware/software platform. cm) 4:3 rear projection display (1024×768) with integrated PC and five near-infrared (IR) cameras that can see fingers and objects placed on the display. The display is placed in a horizontal orientation, giving it a table-like appearance. The product and its applications are designed so that several people can approach the display from all sides to simultaneously share and interact with digital content. The cameras’ vision capabilities enable the product to see a near-IR image of what’s placed on the screen, captured at approximately 60 times per second. The Surface platform processing identifies three types of objects touching the screen: fingers, tags, and blobs. Raw vision data is also available and can be used in applications. The device is optimized to recognize 52 simultaneous multitouch points of contact. Microsoft Corporation produced the hardware and software for the Microsoft Surface 1.0 product. Sales of Microsoft Surface 1.0 were discontinued in 2011 in anticipation of the release of the Samsung SUR40 for Microsoft Surface and the Microsoft Surface 2.0 software platform.. Microsoft and Samsung partnered to announce the current version of PixelSense, the Samsung SUR40 for Microsoft Surface (“SUR40”), at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in 2011. [3] Samsung began shipping the new SUR40 hardware with the Microsoft Surface 2.0 software platform to customers in early 2012.. The Samsung SUR40 is a 40-inch (102. cm) 16:9 LED backlit LCD display (1920×1080) with integrated PC and PixelSense technology, which replaces the cameras in the previous product. PixelSense technology enables Samsung and Microsoft to reduce the thickness of the product from 22 in (56. The size reduction enables the product to be placed horizontally, and adds the capability to be mounted vertically while retaining the ability to recognize fingers, tags, blobs and utilize raw vision data. Samsung produces the hardware and Microsoft produces the software platform for the SUR40.. PixelSense is designed primarily for use by commercial customers to use in public settings. People interact with the product using direct touch interactions and by placing objects on the screen. Objects of a specific size and shape, or with tag patterns, can be uniquely identified to initiate a preprogrammed response by the computer. The device does not require the use of a traditional PC mouse or keyboard, and generally does not require training or foreknowledge to operate. Additionally, the system is designed to interact with several people at the same time so that content can be shared without the limitations of a single-user device. These combined characteristics place the Microsoft Surface platform in the category of so-called natural user interface (NUI), the apparent successor to the graphical user interface (GUI) systems popularized in the 1980s and 1990s.. Microsoft states that sales of PixelSense are targeted toward the following industry verticals: retail, media and entertainment, healthcare, financial services, education, and government. PixelSense is available for sale in over 40 countries including: United States , Canada , Austria , Belgium , Denmark , France , Germany , Ireland , Italy , Norway , Netherlands , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , United Arab Emirates (UAE), United Kingdom (UK), Australia , Korea , India , Singapore , Hong Kong .. Demonstration using original Microsoft Surface ( View in high quality ). The idea for the product was initially conceptualized in 2001 by Steven Bathiche of Microsoft Hardware and Andy Wilson of Microsoft Research. In October 2001, DJ Kurlander , Michael Kim, Joel Dehlin , Bathiche and Wilson formed a virtual team to bring the idea to the next stage of development.. In 2003, the team presented the idea to the Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates , in a group review. Later, the virtual team was expanded and a prototype nicknamed T1 was produced within a month. The prototype was based on an IKEA table with a hole cut in the top and a sheet of architect vellum used as a diffuser. The team also developed some applications, including pinball , a photo browser, and a video puzzle. Over the next year, Microsoft built more than 85 prototypes. The final hardware design was completed in 2005.. A similar concept was used in the 2002 science fiction movie Minority Report. As noted in the DVD commentary, the director Steven Spielberg stated the concept of the device came from consultation with Microsoft during the making of the movie. One of the film's technology consultant's associates from MIT later joined Microsoft to work on the project. The technology was unveiled as under the "Microsoft Surface" name by Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer on May 30, 2007 at The Wall Street Journal ' s 'D: All Things Digital' conference in Carlsbad, California. [6] Surface Computing is part of Microsoft's Productivity and Extended Consumer Experiences Group, which is within the Entertainment & Devices division. The first few companies slated to deploy it were Harrah's Entertainment , Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide , T-Mobile and a distributor, International Game Technology. On April 17, 2008, AT&T became the first retailer to sell the product. [8] In June 2008 Harrah’s Entertainment launched Microsoft Surface at Rio iBar [9] and Disneyland launched it in Tomorrowland, Innoventions Dream Home. [10] On August 13, 2008 Sheraton Hotels introduced it in their hotel lobbies at 5 locations. [11] On September 8, 2008 MSNBC began using it to work with election maps for the 2008 U.S. On June 18, 2012, the product was re-branded under the name "Microsoft PixelSense" as a result of the company adopting the Surface brand for its newly unveiled series of tablet PCs. Microsoft notes four main components being important in the PixelSense interface: direct interaction, multi-touch contact, a multi-user experience, and object recognition.. Direct interaction refers to the user's ability to simply reach out and touch the interface of an application in order to interact with it, without the need for a mouse or keyboard. Multi-touch contact refers to the ability to have multiple contact points with an interface, unlike with a mouse, where there is only one cursor. Multi-user experience is a benefit of multi-touch: several people can orient themselves on different sides of the surface to interact with an application simultaneously. Object recognition refers to the device's ability to recognize the presence and orientation of tagged objects placed on top of it.. The technology allows non-digital objects to be used as input devices. In one example, a normal paint brush was used to create a digital painting in the software. [13] This is made possible by the fact that, in using cameras for input, the system does not rely on restrictive properties required of conventional touchscreen or touchpad devices such as the capacitance, electrical resistance, or temperature of the tool used (see Touchscreen ).. In the old technology, the computer's "vision" was created by a near-infrared, 850-nanometer-wavelength LED light source aimed at the surface. When an object touched the tabletop, the light was reflected to multiple infrared cameras with a net resolution of 1024×768, allowing it to sense, and react to items touching the tabletop.. The system ships with basic applications, including photos, music, virtual concierge, and games, that can be customized for the customers. A feature that comes preinstalled is the "Attract" application, an image of water with leaves and rocks within it. By touching the screen, users can create ripples in the water, much like a real stream. Additionally, the pressure of touch alters the size of the ripple created, and objects placed into the water create a barrier that ripples bounce off, just as they would in a real pond.. The technology used in newer devices allows recognition of fingers, tag, blob, raw data, and objects that are placed on the screen, allowing vision-based interaction without the use of cameras. Sensors in the individual pixels in the display register what is touching the screen.. Microsoft provides the free Microsoft Surface 2.0 Software Development Kit (SDK) for developers to create NUI touch applications for devices with PixelSense and Windows 7 touch PCs.. Applications for PixelSense can be written in Windows Presentation Foundation or XNA. The development process is much like normal Windows 7 development, but custom WPF controls had to be created due to the unique interface of the system. Developers already proficient in WPF can utilize the SDK to write applications for PixelSense for deployments for the large hotels, casinos, and restaurants. Microsoft Research has published information about a related technology dubbed SecondLight. [16] Still in the research phase, [17] this project augments secondary images onto physical objects on or above the main display.. ^ AT&T First to Introduce Microsoft Surface in Retail Stores to Enhance Mobile Shopping Experience: First commercial Microsoft Surface launch to begin April 17 in select AT&T stores with expanded deployment planned throughout 2008. "Bumps on the road to Microsoft's Surface". ^ Microsoft and Samsung unveil SUR40, the 'Surface 2.0 Experience' you still can't buy (video) – Engadget. ^ "Microsoft Surface Fact History". ^ Correction: “The Island” did NOT feature a Surface – istartedsomething. ^ "Look What's Surfacing at Microsoft" (Press release). ^ "Microsoft Launches New Product Category: Surface Computing Comes to Life in Restaurants, Hotels, Retail Locations and Casino Resorts" (Press release). ^ Microsoft Surface Now in AT&T Stores. ^ Harrah’s Entertainment Launches Microsoft Surface at Rio iBar, Providing Guests With Innovative and Immersive New Entertainment Experiences. ^ Disney's Innoventions Dream Home is a Big Ad For Microsoft and HP...But I Still Want It. ^ http://www.microsoft.com/Presspass/press/2008/aug08/08-13SheratonMSSurfacePR.mspx Sheraton Hotels & Resorts Transforms the Hotel Lobby Experience With Microsoft Surface. ^ Microsoft rebrands original Surface table-based touchscreen as PixelSense , theverge.com. ^ Bishop, Todd (2007-05-29). "Microsoft Surface brings computing to the table". ^ "Microsoft Surface Fact Sheet". ^ What lurks below Microsoft's Surface? A brief Q&A with Microsoft. ^ Hands-On Computing – Microsoft Research. ^ Clearing up the confusion on future Microsoft Surface. Where do you want to go today? (1994). Categories : Microsoft hardware Graphical user interfaces History of human–computer interaction Digital audio players Commercial computer vision systems Object recognition and categorization Infrared imaging Surface computing Computer-related introductions in 2007. Hidden categories: Wikipedia external links cleanup from February 2014 Wikipedia spam cleanup from February 2014 Pages using deprecated image syntax Articles containing video clips. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. Čeština Deutsch Eesti Español فارسی Français 한국어 हिन्दी Íslenska Italiano ಕನ್ನಡ ქართული Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português Русский Suomi Svenska తెలుగు Türkçe Tiếng Việt 中文. This page was last edited on 9 October 2017, at 08:30. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Click here to exit and refresh page.. View orders and track your shipping status. Create and access a list of your products. View All Tablets & 2-in-1 Laptops. View All Latitude Tablets & 2-in-1 Laptops. View All Dell Chromebook 2-in-1 Laptops. Dell Precision Tower 3000 Series (3420, 3620). Dell Precision Tower 5000 Series (5810). Dell Precision Tower 7000 Series (7910). Dell Precision Rack 7000 Series (7910). Backup and Recovery and Data Protection. View All Printers, Ink & Toner. View All Enterprise & Server Accessories. View All Hard Drives & Storage. View All PC & Tablet Accessories. View All Replacement Parts & Upgrades. View All Electronics & Accessories Deals. Free McAfee included with purchase of select business class PCs, plus 35% off with coupon.. Free McAfee included with purchase of select business class PCs, plus 35% off with coupon.. | Questions? Call 1-877-302-3355 or Click to Chat. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is now available along with Dell’s industry-leading service and support.. Available with Windows 10 Pro — for a smooth, versatile PC experience.. Exceptional performance: Surface Pro 4 features the latest 6th generation Intel Core processor and great battery life so you can get work done. True versatility : Surface Pro 4 was designed to adapt to you. Work with touch and Surface Pen in tablet mode. Or fold out the optional Type Cover 1 and integrated kickstand when you need a laptop. Surface Pen writes and erases naturally: As smooth as using your favorite pen, Surface Pen can even markup web pages. And Palm Block technology means you can rest your hand on the screen while you write. Windows 10 Pro enables a powerful, personalized experience: Surface Pro 4 makes your work life easier in incredible new ways. It runs Windows 10 Pro and the desktop software you rely on. Advanced technology from Microsoft, such as Cortana2, Windows Hello, and an improved Surface Pen puts you in control.. Now you can get Dell’s industry-leading support and deployment services for your Surface Pro 4. Accelerate deployment and streamline support with Dell’s end-to-end services for Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4. The Surface Pro 4 comes with a one-year Base Warranty with the ability to extend up to 4 years, including battery coverage up to 4 years. For additional support, choose from ProSupport, ProSupport with Accidental Damage, and Configuration and Deployment Services. ProSupport Let us make hardware and software support easy. Dell ProSupport offers 24x7 access to in-region ProSupport engineers who have deep knowledge and the tools needed to keep PCs and tablets productive, next business day advanced unit exchange and 3rd party software support. ProSupport with Accidental Damage Service * ProSupport with Accidental Damage Service * is ideal for today’s mobile workforce with a single source for hardware and software support, plus coverage for accidental drops, spills, and breaks. Managed Deployment Managed Deployment is an end-to-end service designed to speed deployment time, save money, and provide comprehensive planning and project management to support your IT staff. This engagement can be customized to the unique needs of your IT environment. Configuration Services When you need new systems right away, Dell Configuration Services can deliver. Let us help reduce deployment time and ensure the consistency of your end-user environment. We image PCs, apply asset tags and provide laser etching on your PCs prior to shipping so you receive your new systems ready to use out of the box.. Featuring a gorgeous 12.3-inch display encased in a sleek magnesium frame, Surface Pro 4 is the thinnest and lightest in the Pro family. Refined to its essential elements, Surface Pro 4 is as beautiful as it is functional so you can stay productive from anywhere. Just slip it into your bag or briefcase and go.. Run your favorite programs and apps:. Pre-loaded with Windows 10 Pro, you can install your favorite desktop software, including the full Microsoft Office Suite (sold separately) and thousands of programs created for the Windows platform.. Go from tablet to laptop in a snap with the multi-position Kickstand and Surface Pro 4 Type Cover so you can work just as comfortably on your lap as at your desk. Plus, you can easily connect your peripherals and transfer files via a full-size USB 3.0, microSD card reader, and Mini DisplayPort.. Essential accessories for your Surface Pro 4. Maximize the performance of your Surface Pro. Look for these great products and more at checkout.. Surface Pro 4 Type Cover (Black and Blue). Experience the most advanced Surface typing yet with the next generation of Type Cover. With features like an enlarged trackpad and optimal key spacing, it offers the smooth, fluid typing and precision of a traditional laptop.. Surface Dock instantly transforms your ultraportable Surface into a desktop PC. Simply plug in the SurfaceConnectTM cable to charge your device and access external monitors, a keyboard, mouse, and more.. The Surface Pen combines the experience of traditional writing with the ease of modern technology. Take notes, mark-up documents, draw and doodle. All of your scribbles and sketches are converted instantly to digital text and imagery.. Try out different pen tips to find the one with the perfect feel for you. Stay with the classic #2 pencil or switch it out for a medium or fine tip, depending on your project or mood.. From drivers and manuals to diagnostic tools and replacement parts, Dell Product Support has you covered!. Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.. Add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs.. Update your technology with great financing offers from Dell Business Credit.^. Join for free to get expedited delivery & up to 6% back in rewards*.. Enjoy free shipping and no-hassle returns. Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. Offers subject to change, not combinable with all other offers. Taxes, shipping, and other fees apply. Free shipping offer valid only in Continental (except Alaska) U.S. Dell reserves the right to cancel orders arising from pricing or other errors. Dell Promotional eGift Cards arrive via email within 20 days from ship date. Expires in 90 days (except where prohibited by law). See dell.com/giftcard/promoterms.​​ *Rewards are issued to your online Dell Advantage Loyalty Rewards Account (available via your Dell.com My Account) typically within 30 business days after your order’s ship date; Rewards expire in 90 days (except where prohibited by law). “Current rewards balance” amount may not reflect the most recent transactions. Check Dell.com for your most up-to-date reward balance. Bonus rewards on select purchases identified at Dell.com/businessrewards. Total rewards earned may not exceed $2,000 within a 3 month period. Any balance remaining on your purchase after Rewards are applied may not be paid with DBC and instead a separate form of payment must be used. Outlet purchases do not qualify for rewards. Expedited Delivery not available on certain TVs, monitors, batteries and adapters, and is available in Continental (except Alaska) U.S. Not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. Lower TCO: TCO calculated over 5 years and applies to specific workloads. Source: “Cloud Comparison: Microsoft Private Cloud on the Intel-Powered Dell Solution vs. a Leading Public Cloud Provider,” a Principled Technologies Report commissioned by Dell, August 2014. ^Dell Business Credit : Offered to business customers by WebBank, Member FDIC, who determines. qualifications for and terms of credit. Taxes, shipping and other charges are. Minimum monthly payments are the greater of $15 or 3% of the new. balance shown on the monthly billing statement. Dell and the Dell logo are. Any promotional offer is limited-time and intended for. Need help with finding a Dell product? We're here for you.. 
This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Microsoft celebrates the fifth anniversary of Surface Pro. Surface Pro celebrates its fifth anniversary with a look back at its history and a special offer of $200 off the cost of the. new Surface Pro over President’s Day * Read more. More employees say they would choose Surface. We have seen that people feel more productive, creative and valued when they are given a Surface as their work device and now a recent report from Carolina Milanesi of Creative Strategies signals an increase in the number of consumers… Read more. Super Bowl LII brings the culmination of “Create Change”. Congratulations to the Super Bowl Champion Philadelphia Eagles! Each year, the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity for Microsoft to highlight the season-long work that comes from our partnership with the We were proud to see the players, coaches, and… Read more. Surface and SOLIDWORKS: Helping Ringbrothers reimagine classic cars. Surface builds devices that empower people to be more productive and create without Removing limitations is especially important for engineers, architects and designers - who depend on powerful hardware and software to streamline their workflow and bring their creations to… Read more. Surface Book 2 coming to all Surface markets. Surface Book 2 15” available for pre-order in 17 new markets starting today Read more. 5 reasons you’ll love Surface Book 2. Surface Book 2, the most powerful Surface ever, goes on sale today! Here are the 5 things that set Surface Book 2 apart from the Read more. News from Future Decoded: Designing devices for the new culture of work. Microsoft shares a vision for empowering employees with modern devices; announces Surface Pro with LTE Advanced will begin shipping to business customers in December Read more. Microsoft launches Create Change campaign with NFL stars and their charitable causes. Video series and Super Bowl contest centered on creating a positive impact in local Read more. News from Adobe MAX 2017: Photoshop, Surface, and the future of creativity. Adobe announces new Photoshop CC features for Surface Dial that enable creators to streamline their workflow and, for the next three months, offers 90 days of their new Adobe Creative Cloud Photography Plan with 1TB of cloud storage for free… Read more. Introducing Surface Book 2, the most powerful Surface Book ever. When you think about Microsoft and you hear our mission – to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more – it’s As product makers, we have to believe in the reasons we build our From… Read more. Surface Book 2 coming to all Surface markets. Microsoft celebrates the fifth anniversary of Surface Pro. Super Bowl LII brings the culmination of “Create Change”. More employees say they would choose Surface. “MR Museum in Kyoto” provides unique insight into centuries-old Japanese artwork. Buy online, pick up in store. 
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10. This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. This press kit contains the latest news, image gallery, video gallery, press materials, and what others are saying for Surface.. WE Communications Microsoft Media Relations (503) 443-7070. Surface Images Signature Type Cover Surface Book 2 13-inch Surface Book 2 15-inch Surface Book with Performance Base Surface Dial Surface Ergonomic Keyboard Surface Hub Surface Infographics Surface Keyboard Surface Laptop Surface Mouse Surface Pen Surface Pro Surface Pro Signature Type Cover Surface Pro with LTE Advanced Surface Studio. Surface Laptop and Surface Pro available today in markets around the world. Microsoft Education: Empowering students and teachers of today to create the world of tomorrow. 10 things to know about our #MicrosoftEDU event. Announcing new creativity apps with unique capabilies for Surface Dial. Microsoft and Steelcase unlock creativity at work. Five things you need to know about Surface Dial. Windows 10 and Surface stomp on security threats with new enterprise innovations. Empowering a new wave of creativity with the Windows 10 Creators Update and Surface Studio. Surface Pro with LTE Advanced allows people to stay connected with a blazing fast cellular connection. With the Surface Pro Signature Type Cover and Surface Pen, it allows people to type like they’re on a laptop and draw like they do on paper. The new Surface Pro with LTE Advanced has the same beautiful design aesthetic for which Surface devices are recognized. Surface Pro with LTE Advanced is a future-proof solution, so people can choose between using a removable SIM card or embedded SIM, to connect on the individual’s terms. People can count on consistent internet connectivity in nearly any country, with support of 20 LTE bands. With Surface Pro with LTE Advanced, people can be productive anywhere, anytime without worrying about the security of public Wi-Fi networks. Surface Pro with LTE Advanced allows people to work, connect and create even more in the most widely used productivity suite – no matter where people are. The combination of LTE and Wi-Fi means connectivity concerns fade into the background so people can simply do more. Only Surface Book 2 gives you the power of laptop, the versatility of a tablet and the freedom of a portable studio all in one. Surface Book 2 is designed to deliver the ultimate in performance and versatility without compromise. Surface Book 2 15-inch gives people the versatility they need to get work done, be creative or wind down with a popular PC game. Surface Book 2 15-inch in Tablet Mode. Signature Type Cover with Surface Pen. Signature Type Cover — front view. Signature Type Cover — side view. Signature Type Cover is beautifully crafted. Signature Type Cover: beautiful and durable. Signature Type Cover in two-tone grey mélange. Signature Type Cover, handcrafted in Italy. Signature Type Cover: make a personal statement. Surface Book 2 13-inch in Studio Mode. Surface Book 2 13-inch in Tablet Mode. Surface Book 2 13-inch in Studio Mode. Surface Book 2 13-inch in Studio Mode. The 13-inch Surface Book 2 features a detachable 13.5-inch PixelSense™ display. Only Surface Book 2 gives you the power of laptop, the versatility of a tablet and the freedom of a portable studio all in one. Surface Book 2 13-inch gives you the power of a laptop, the versatility of a tablet and the freedom of a portable studio all in one beautifully styled device. Surface Book 2 13-inch gives people the versatility they need to get work done, be creative or wind down with a popular PC game.Surface Book 2 13-inch gives people the versatility they need to get work done, be creative or wind down with a popular PC game. The 13-inch Surface Book 2 features a detachable 15-inch PixelSense™ display. Surface Book 2 13-inch features a redesigned Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge. The Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge provides a more stable touch experience.The Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge provides a more stable touch experience. Only Surface Book 2 gives you the power of laptop, the versatility of a tablet and the freedom of a portable studio all in one. Surface Book 2 is designed to deliver the ultimate in performance and versatility without compromise. Surface Book 2 15-inch gives people the versatility they need to get work done, be creative or wind down with a popular PC game. Surface Book 2 15-inch in Tablet Mode. Surface Book 2 15-inch in Studio Mode. The 15-inch Surface Book 2 features a detachable 15-inch PixelSense™ display. Surface Book 2 features a redesigned Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge.Surface Book 2 features a redesigned Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge. Surface Book with Performance Base delivers more than twice the graphics performance than the original Surface Book SKUs, while consuming very little power. Surface Book with Performance Base features a detachable 13.5“ PixelSense™ Display. Twice the graphics processing power as the original Surface Book. Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base and Surface Pen. The most powerful Surface Book yet. Surface Dial with Surface Book with Performance Base and Surface Pen. Surface Dial with Surface Book with Performance Base and Surface Pen. Combine Surface Dial and Surface Pen to create a more immersive and tactile way to create in digital environments. Place the Dial directly on the screen to bring up a set of digital tools specific to the app that is open, allowing people to more seamlessly move through their workflow. Surface Dial enables a set of unique experiences exclusive to Surface Studio. The naturally arched shape protects you from hand and wrist strain. Surface Ergonomic Keyboard matches the understated elegance of Surface products. The Surface Ergonomic Keyboard is wrapped in an ultra-durable version of Alcantara and features a double cushioned palm rest. Microsoft Surface Hub 55-inch on stand. Microsoft Surface Hub 84-inch on stand. North America Infographic: Would college students ditch their date for their device?. Europe Infographic: Would university students ditch their date for their device?. Asia Infographic: Would university students ditch their date for their device?. Travel habits and tech purchases for the holiday season. Thoughtfully engineered travel, height, pitch and spacing help improve your typing speed and accuracy. Surface Keyboard with Surface Pen and Surface Mouse. Surface Keyboard – the perfect complement to your Surface and Surface Mouse. Surface Laptop in Graphite Gold, powered by Windows 10 S. Surface Laptop in Burgundy, powered by Windows 10 S. Surface Laptop in Cobalt Blue: thin, light, powerful, beautiful. Surface Laptop in Platinum: thin, light, powerful, beautiful. Surface Laptop in Graphite Gold: thin, light, powerful, beautiful. Surface Laptop in Cobalt Blue, Back Angle. Surface Laptop in Platinum, Back Angle. Surface Laptop in Graphite Gold, Back Angle. Surface Laptop in Burgundy, Back Angle. Surface Laptop in Cobalt Blue with Microsoft Surface Arc Mouse. Surface Laptop in Platinum with Microsoft Surface Arc Mouse. The metal scroll wheel feels solid under your finger and the shape of the body fits perfectly in your hand. The perfect partner to your docked device and Surface Keyboard. Surface Mouse – sculpted for your hand and designed for an elegantly simple work space. The new Surface Pro brings the creative power of Surface Studio to a mobile form factor with a new hinge that takes the device nearly flat, creating the optimal angle to write or sketch with the Surface Pen.. The new Surface Pro was designed from the inside out to bring more power and up to 13.5 hours of battery to a refined version of our iconic design.. The new Surface Pro offers uncompromised power and flexibility, all-day battery, enhanced inking with a new Surface Pen and on-screen Surface Dial functionality.. The new Surface Pro brings the creative power of Surface Studio to a mobile form factor with a new hinge that takes the device nearly flat, creating the optimal angle to write or sketch with the Surface Pen.. Surface Pro Core i5 and i7 SKUs are lighter, with the same thin iconic design. The core m3 and i5 models are fanless. This required amazing engineering innovations to ensure we delivered a device with the right thermals that can still deliver on power.. The new Surface Pro is the most versatile laptop we’ve ever built. It takes the category it pioneered and pushes it a meaningful step forward.. The new Surface Pro is the most versatile laptop we’ve ever built. It takes the category it pioneered and pushes it a meaningful step forward.. The new Surface Pro is the most versatile laptop we’ve ever built. It takes the category it pioneered and pushes it a meaningful step forward.. The new Surface Pro is the most versatile laptop we’ve ever built. It takes the category it pioneered and pushes it a meaningful step forward.. The new Surface Pro is the most versatile laptop we’ve ever built. It takes the category it pioneered and pushes it a meaningful step forward.. Surface Pro with LTE Advanced allows people to stay connected with a blazing fast cellular connection. With the Surface Pro Signature Type Cover and Surface Pen, it allows people to type like they’re on a laptop and draw like they do on paper. The new Surface Pro with LTE Advanced has the same beautiful design aesthetic for which Surface devices are recognized. Surface Pro with LTE Advanced is a future-proof solution, so people can choose between using a removable SIM card or embedded SIM, to connect on the individual’s terms. People can count on consistent internet connectivity in nearly any country, with support of 20 LTE bands. With Surface Pro with LTE Advanced, people can be productive anywhere, anytime without worrying about the security of public Wi-Fi networks. Surface Pro with LTE Advanced allows people to work, connect and create even more in the most widely used productivity suite – no matter where people are. The combination of LTE and Wi-Fi means connectivity concerns fade into the background so people can simply do more. Surface Studio – meticulously crafted for a thoughtfully designed workspace. Surface Studio – ideal for sketching, writing or designing with Surface Pen. Surface Studio – optimized for pen and touch. The Zero Gravity Hinge allows the screen to effortlessly adjust to each stage of the creative process. Surface Studio with Surface Mouse and Surface Keyboard. Surface Studio at a 20-degree angle in Studio Mode. Surface Studio with Zero Gravity Hinge. Surface Studio – featuring the thinnest display ever built. Surface Studio transforms from a workstation into a powerful digital canvas. Microsoft Surface | Steelcase and Surface believe the future of work is creative. Microsoft and Steelcase believe that the future of work is creative. In order to drive growth, agility and innovation in the future, we must embrace the need for transformative ideas and harness creative potential at work.. Microsoft Surface | Steelcase and Surface believe the future of work is creative. Microsoft Surface Hub | Surface Hub Origins. Phillip Norman: designer, engineer and Surface fan. B-roll: Introducing Microsoft Surface Pro 4, the tablet that can replace your laptop. B-roll: Microsoft redefines the laptop with Surface Book. B:roll – Microsoft Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 hit store shelves today. B-roll: Microsoft ushers in new era of Windows 10 devices. Michael Dell on Windows 10 and Selling Microsoft Surface Pro. Microsoft & Dell partner to deliver Windows 10 devices & support to the enterprise. B-Roll: Surface 3 available for purchase around the globe. See the new Microsoft Surface 3 in action. Introducing the new Microsoft Surface 3. Surface Book and Surface Pro 4. Surface Pro with LTE Advanced fact sheet. 5 reasons you’ll love Surface Book 2. Introducing Surface Book 2, the most powerful Surface Book ever. A conversation with Surface and Marimekko designers on the intersection of customization, design, and tech. News from Future Decoded: Designing devices for the new culture of work. Surface Pro Signature Type Cover fact sheet. Microsoft Surface Arc Mouse fact sheet. Microsoft Education: Empowering students and teachers of today to create the world of tomorrow. 10 things to know about our #MicrosoftEDU event. Microsoft and Steelcase unlock creativity at work. Steelcase and Microsoft announce development of technology-enabled spaces designed to boost creative work. Microsoft Surface | Steelcase and Surface believe the future of work is creative. Microsoft introduces Surface Studio and the Windows 10 Creators Update. Empowering a new wave of creativity with the Windows 10 Creators Update and Surface Studio. Ten things we announced today at Microsoft’s Windows 10 Event. Windows 10 Creators Update Will Enable Any Gamer to Broadcast. Microsoft Introduces Surface Studio and Windows 10 Creators Update. Luxurious and lasting, the new Signature Type Cover is here. It’s the most wonderful time of the year – for Surface!. Microsoft Surface Hub has begun shipping to business customers. Microsoft redefines the laptop with Surface Book, ushers in new era of Windows 10 devices. A new era of Windows 10 devices from Microsoft. Microsoft introduces Surface 3: The thinnest and lightest Surface yet. Surface Pro 3 APAC infographic – converged life, siloed devices?. A survey of 2,900 working professionals in 8 Asia Pacific Markets – Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Korea and Malaysia – confirms that they prefer using one device to get more done – at home, in the office and everywhere in between.. The process of customizing your Surface Pro 3 and choosing the apps that will make it uniquely yours starts now. Based on our team’s use of Surface Pro 3, as well as feedback from customers and fans, we have a few recommendations of awesome apps and a few things you can do right out of the box to start enjoying your new device immediately.. Surface Pro 3 is in stores today. Surface Pro 3 – the tablet that can replace your laptop – is now on sale at retail stores, online, and through authorized resellers in Canada and the United States.. Surface Pro 3 pre-order is here. Pre-order for Surface Pro 3 – the tablet that can replace your laptop – Surface Pro Type Cover and Surface Pen is now open.. Microsoft introduces Surface Pro 3: the tablet that can replace your laptop. — the lightweight tablet that packs the power and performance you expect from a laptop.. Today we announced Surface Pro 3. It’s the tablet that can replace your laptop. It is the most powerful, thinnest, and lightest Surface Pro yet. It is a full PC and a brilliant tablet.. On-demand keynote: Surface Pro 3 Unveil. Watch an on-demand presentation of the Tuesday, May 20, Surface Pro 3 announcement in New York City. Remarks by Microsoft’s Satya Nadella, CEO, and Panos Panay, corporate vice president of Surface, New York City, May 20, 2014.. Surface 2, Surface Pro 2 and new accessories available for purchase. Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2 are now available!. Watch an on-demand presentation of the Monday, Sept. 23, Surface 2 launch event in New York City.. Announcing Surface 2, Surface Pro 2, and new Surface Accessories. Microsoft unveils Surface 2, Surface Pro 2 and new accessories. Surface Touch Cover Limited Edition Fact Sheet. Microsoft Wedge Touch Mouse Surface Edition Fact Sheet. Surface Windows 8 Pro Fact Sheet. Remarks by Steven Sinofsky, President, Windows Division, New York City, Oct. Panos Panay, Corporate Vice President, Microsoft Surface. Buy online, pick up in store. 
