GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 136.1 x 67.8 x 9.9 mm (5.36 x 2.67 x 0.39 in). IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.7 inches, 59.7 cm 2 (~64.7% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~315 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 5 MP (f/2.4, 1/4"), autofocus, LED flash, check quality. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - OneDrive (15 GB cloud storage). Up to 672 h (2G) / Up to 672 h (3G). Up to 16 h (2G) / Up to 14 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Microsoft Lumia 550 - user opinions and reviews. I think you've set the "glence screen" on while charging.... Windows 10 is an os that has lost of bugs. It isn't finished by any means.. This is a Windows 10 phone, it needs to check for updates, internet connectivity is necessary. Wi-Fi is preferred over metered connections. The rear camera (5MP) pictures are quite okay. The phone is quite slim and handy. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual SIM Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia 2. Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. 
Your request appears to be from an automated process. If this is incorrect, notify us by clicking here to be redirected.. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Microsoft announces entry-level Lumia 550 smartphone for $139 (hands-on). The 4.7-inch smartphone is available in December and features a 5-megapixel camera and a quad-core processor.. by October 6, 2015 10:08 AM PDT. Microsoft Lumia 550 offers Windows 10 for a low price (pictures). Microsoft Lumia 550, the first cheap Windows 10 phone. In addition to unveiling its high-end Lumia 950 and 950 XL smartphones at a New York press event today, Microsoft introduced its entry-level Lumia 550 handset as well. The 4.7-inch device will be available starting in December for $139 unlocked (no UK or Australia pricing has been announced as of this time, but that roughly converts to £91 and AU$195) and will run Microsoft's latest operating system, Windows 10 .. The 4G LTE-enabled handset is compact and comes in black and white with a glossy plastic backing. It features a high-definition display with a 720-pixel resolution with 315 pixels per inch. It's powered by a 1.1GHz quad-core Snapdragon 210 processor and a 2,100mAh battery that has an estimated usage time of 13.9 hours on 3G and a standby time of 28 days.. As for its camera specs, there's a 2-megapixel front-facing shooter for selfies and Web chatting, and a 5-megapixel rear-facing camera that can shoot 720p video. To store your photos and videos, built-in memory starts off at a relatively low 8GB, but users can expand that up to 200GB via a microSD card slot.. The Windows 10 OS features Microsoft's digital and search assistant, Cortana , and integration with the video chatting and calling service Skype. Other Windows 10 devices that Microsoft debuted today include the Surface Pro 4 tablet and the Surface Book , the company's first laptop.. For more information, check out the rest of CNET's Microsoft coverage .. Microsoft Lumia 550 offers Windows 10 for a low price (pictures). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Dec 8, 2015. Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (314 ppi). The Microsoft Lumia 550 features a 4.7-inch LCD display, with resolution of 720 x 1280. The Snapdragon 210 chipset is under the hood, carrying a quad-core 1.1GHz CPU and the Adreno 304 GPU. 1GB of RAM is inside, along with 8GB of expandable internal storage. A 5MP camera is found on back, and a 2MP front-facing shooter handles selfies and video chats. A 2100 mAh juicer provides the power, and Windows 10 Mobile is pre-installed. The phone supports 4G LTE connectivity.. Dimensions: 5.36 x 2.67 x 0.39 inches (136.1 x 67.8 x 9.9 mm). Weight: 5.01 oz (142 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, White balance presets. Features: Continuous autofocus, Video light, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 16.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 28.0 days (672 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 14.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, BeiDou, Cell ID, Wi-Fi positioning. Navigation: Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation, Points of interest (POI). Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 06 Oct 2015. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Microsoft Lumia 550 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Old Lumia handsets are on sale now in the Microsoft Store. Only 13 Windows 10 Mobile powered phones will receive the Creators Update. Canadians get Boxing Day deals on the Surface Pro 4, HP Elite x3 and the Lumia 550. Microsoft Lumia 550 price slashed to £49.99 with contract, £29.99 on upgrade in the UK. Microsoft will sell you the Lumia 550 with a free T-Mobile SIM kit for $99; deal ends June 20th. Microsoft's cheapest Windows 10 phone, the Lumia 550, now costs only $119 in the US. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for microsoft lumia 550. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for microsoft lumia 550. Save microsoft lumia 550 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow microsoft lumia 550 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Painted Gel Case Cover Silicone TPU Soft For Microsoft Nokia Lumia N550 N640. Genuine Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover For Microsoft / Nokia Lumia Model. For Nokia Microsoft Lumia 550 HD Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard Film. 2 new & refurbished from $0.99. Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover For Microsoft / Nokia Lumia Model Series. Pattern PU Leather Flip Case Card Pouch Holder Cover For Microsoft NOKIA Lumia. S-Line Gel TPU Silicone Case Skin Cover For Microsoft Lumia 550 640 650 950 XL. Luxury PU Leather Wallet Card Kickstand Case Cover For Microsoft Nokia Lumia. For Microsoft Nokia Lumia 550 Back Battery Cover Rear Housing Door Shell Case. Aluminum Metal Bumper & Mirror PC Acrylic Case Cover For Nokia Microsoft Lumia. 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Guard For Microsoft Nokia Lumia Phone QT. Genuine Leather Flip Case Cover Wallet Card Holder For Microsoft Nokia Lumia. For Nokia Microsoft Lumia N535 550 Metal Aluminum Frame Bumper Mirror Cover Case. For Microsoft Lumia 550 Case Hybrid Armor Dual Layer Shockproof Stand Cover NEW. Luxuy Butterfly Flip Wallet Leather Stand Case Bag For Microsoft NOKIA Lumia. Fosmon Super Tough Flexible Slim TPU Light Case for Microsoft Lumia 550. WALLET SYNTHETIC LEATHER CASE FOR MICROSOFT LUMIA 550 DARK BLUE COVER BAG MOBILE. 32nd Dual-Layer Shockproof Case Cover Microsoft & Nokia Lumia Phones. Slim Hard Matte Case Cover Skin Shell For Nokia Microsoft Lumia Mobile Phones. For Microsoft Lumia 550 Case Hybrid Armor Dual Layer Shockproof Kickstand Cover. Luxury Aluminum Metal Mirror Case & PC Back Cover For Microsoft Nokia phones. Universal Luminous Glow in Dark Silicone TPU Phone Cover Bumper Frame Case Skins. Owl UK USA Wallet Leather Flip Magnetic Case Cover For Nokia 550 650 950 950XL. S Line Soft Gel TPU Silicone Skin Cover Case For Microsoft Nokia Lumia Phones. For Microsoft Lumia 550 Horizontal Black Leather Case. For Microsoft Nokia Lumia 550 Pattern Vinyl Skin Decal Sticker Cover Protector. Ultra Slim Premium Back Snap On Shell Hard Case Cover For Microsoft Nokia Lumia. Luxury Genuine Real Leather Flip Case Wallet Cover For Microsoft Lumia Models. Soft Frosted Matte Gel TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin For Microsoft Nokia Lumia. 3D Luxury Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover & strap #X. Antiskid Clear TPU Soft Case Cover Skin Back For Microsoft Nokia Lumia N550 N640. Luxury PU Leather Wallet Card Kickstand Case Cover For Microsoft Nokia Lumia. OFFICIAL RAINER KALWITZ MYSTERY SOFT GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. Card Holder Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Various Phone. Card Holder Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Various Phone. OFFICIAL ATLETICO MADRID 2017/18 CREST SOFT GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Case Girl Cover For HTC Nokia Phone. OFFICIAL CHRISTOS KARAPANOS PHOENIX 3 SOFT GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Nokia 430 540 550 625 640 XL. For Microsoft Lumia 550 Protective Holster Clip Stand Black Heavy Duty Case. Case Pouch Holster with Belt Clip for Verizon Microsoft Lumia 735, Lumia 550. Microsoft Lumia Cover Case PERSONALIZED Real Leather Sleeve Credit Card Wallet. STUFF4 Back Case/Cover/Ski n for Microsoft Lumia 550/Urban Street Art. OFFICIAL ATLETICO MADRID 2017/18 CREST PATTERNS GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. ATLETICO MADRID 2017/18 PLAYERS THIRD KIT GROUP 1 GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. OFFICIAL ATLETICO MADRID 2017/18 CREST KIT SOFT GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. Pretty Stand Card Slot Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Microsoft Nokia Lumia. Hard PC+Soft TPU Hybrid Protective Case for Samsung Apple LG Phone Armor Cover. Pattern High Luxury Holder Wallet Card Leather Case For NOKIA Series 550 650 KS. MONIKA STRIGEL GOLD & GLITTER LEATHER BOOK CASE FOR MICROSOFT NOKIA PHONES. Microsoft Lumia Cover Case PERSONALIZED Real Leather Sleeve. PERSONALIZED ARSENAL FC 2017/18 LEATHER BOOK CASE FOR MICROSOFT NOKIA PHONES. OFFICIAL MAGDALENA HRISTOVA MANDALA LEATHER BOOK CASE FOR MICROSOFT NOKIA PHONES. HEAD CASE WATERCOLOUR INSECTS LEATHER BOOK CASE FOR MICROSOFT NOKIA PHONES. OFFICIAL DEAN RUSSO DOGS 3 LEATHER BOOK WALLET CASE FOR MICROSOFT NOKIA PHONES. HEAD CASE DESIGNS WILDFIRE LEATHER BOOK WALLET CASE FOR MICROSOFT NOKIA PHONES. OFFICIAL BIOWORKZ COLOURED ORNATE 4 SOFT GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. OFFICIAL MICKLYN LE FEUVRE MANDALA 5 SOFT GEL CASE FOR MICROSOFT PHONES. OFFICIAL OUTLANDER TARTANS LEATHER BOOK WALLET CASE FOR MICROSOFT NOKIA PHONES. Skinomi Pink Carbon Fiber Skin+Clear Screen Protector for Microsoft Lumia 550. For Microsoft Nokia Lumia 550 HARD Protector Back Case Phone Cover + PEN. Genuine Leather For Nokia 2 3 5 8 / Lumia Models. For Lumia 530 535 550 630 640 650 730 830 950 Nokia 5 6. ** Hot Sell 5000 Sold ** For Microsoft Nokia Lumia. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. 1.1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 quad-core. 4.7-inch 720 x 1280 AMOLED display. Speaker lower left on the rear. The Lumia 550 is a budget-series Windows Phone from Microsoft announced on October 6, 2015. The phone is one of a few new Windows 10 Mobile devices from Microsoft that is part of the Lumia line started under Nokia’s mobile efforts.. During its development, the Lumia 550 (RM-1127) is listed under the internal codename of Saimaa a lake in southeastern Finland. It is understood to be a carry over from the original Nokia portfolio of devices that Microsoft acquired when purchasing Nokia’s mobile division.. The Lumia 550 is considered a displacement device meant to take over the range of 5xx and 6xx series of Lumias. Under Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, the Lumia line is being pruned down to budget phones, flagship devices and phones for businesses. As a result, the 6xx and 7xx series appear to be phased out for now.. Rumored but yet unconfirmed specifications of the Lumia 550 include:. Windows Central first broke the news in September 2015 that this Lumia 550 may feature a flash for the front-facing camera. This conclusion was reached after seeing a prototype phone.. The Lumia 550 is set to be available in December for $139.. Lumia 550, 950 and 950 XL back in stock at the U.S. If you want to get your hands on a Lumia 550, 950 or 950 XL, the U.S. Microsoft Store is ready for your order once again.. Lumia 550 is just $60 at B&H Photo for today only. B&H Photo has cut the price of Microsoft's Lumia 550 smartphone, running Windows 10 Mobile, down to $59.99. However, that price will only last until the end of the day today.. Microsoft discounts Lumia 550 to $99. The Microsoft Store has cut the price of the Lumia 550 smartphone, running Windows 10 Mobile, down to $99 until October 9. This is a $40 discount from its normal price of $139.. recent Lumia 650 and 550 firmware updates info revealed. Microsoft has finally revealed just what was included in the recent firmware updates that were released for its Lumia 650 and Lumia 550 smartphones with Windows 10 Mobile.. Lumia 550 firmware update reportedly rolling out. We have received tips that a new firmware update for the Lumia 550 is currently rolling out, but it apparently does not add the "Double Tap to Wake" feature that has been included in the previous firmware updates for the Lumia 650, 950 and 950 XL phones.. Microsoft cuts the price of the Lumia 550 in UK and Ireland. The Microsoft Store have cut the prices of the Lumia 550 phone down to £79.99 in the UK and € 99.99 in Ireland.. Lumia 550 is now only £50 in the UK, £30 for upgrade. Are you on the hunt for an affordable smartphone? Look no further than the Lumia 550, a capable Windows 10 Mobile handset which is now only £50 at Carphone warehouse.. Buy the Lumia 550 for just $99 until June 20. The Microsoft Store has a temporary price cut for the Lumia 550 smartphone. The unlocked Windows 10 Mobile device is just $99 from now until June 20.. It works flawlessly on my 650 on w10m.. The Lumia 550 is just $99 until June 11. The Microsoft Store has a temporary price cut for the Lumia 550 smartphone. The unlocked Windows 10 Mobile device is just $99 from now until June 11.. Lumia 550 now on sale for £39 at Vodafone. Microsoft's Lumia 550 is now on sale at Vodafone for £39 in a new pay as you go deal.. The best Windows Phones of 2017. In the market for a new phone and you like what Windows has to offer? Check out this little lot as we break down the best phones you can buy at various price points.. Lumia 650 and 550 firmware updates rolling out. Microsoft is pushing out new firmware updates for its Lumia 650 and 550 smartphones running on Windows 10 Mobile. The updates are just for general "stability and quality improvements.". Lumia 550 is yours for just £39.99. Microsoft's most affordable Windows 10 Mobile phone, the Lumia 550, is now available for just £39.99 at the Carphone Warehouse. The PAYG deal requires you to add a £10 top-up, which brings the total up to £49.99, but that's still an absolute bargain.. Lumia 550 should not get latest Windows 10 Mobile preview. Microsoft is now recommending that Lumia 550 owners who are on the Insider preview program not download Windows 10 Mobile preview build Build 14267. Many users have found an issue where the phone no longer charges or connects via USB after installing the build.. New Lumia 550 firmware spotted on Device Recovery Tool. Microsoft has new firmware available for the Lumia 550, however, you can only get it through their Windows Device Recovery Tool for now.. Hi, sorry to be the bearer of bad news but you are likely going to have to reset your phone.. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
EDGE , HSPA+ , LTE. GHz quad-core ARM Cortex-A7. User removable Li-ion 2100. www .microsoft .com /en /mobile /phone /lumia550 /. This mobile phone–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it .. Microsoft Lumia 550 is a budget smartphone manufactured by Microsoft Mobile as part of its Lumia family of Windows -based mobile computing products. It was introduced along with the Lumia 950 and the Lumia 950 XL on October 6, 2015 at a press event held in New York City. The Lumia 550 was released in December 2015 with Windows 10 Mobile version 1511. In August 2016, Microsoft released the Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update [3] [4] [5] (also known as Windows 10 Mobile Version 1607).. Michael Allison of MSPoweruser criticized the Lumia 550 for having lower specs than its predecessor, such as an inferior 5. MP camera that lacks a wide angle lens, missing functionality and a shorter battery life, making it uncompetitive with similar phones in its price range. Sean Cameron of Techradar gave the Lumia 550 3 stars out of 5, praising its screen, camera and speakers, but criticizing the battery life and performance and calling the Windows 10 Mobile operating system "unfinished". ^ "Microsoft Lumia 550". Retrieved 19 October 2015. ^ Statt, Nick (6 October 2015). "Microsoft's new Lumia 550 announced at $139". Retrieved 19 October 2015. ^ Brengel, Kellogg (16 August 2016). "Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update now available for some". Retrieved 26 August 2016. ^ Fortin, Michael (2 August 2016). "How to get the Windows 10 Anniversary Update". Retrieved 26 August 2016. ^ Filip (17 August 2016). "Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update Finally Released". Retrieved 13 May 2017. ^ Allison, Michael (28 December 2015). "Lumia 550 first impressions: Why does this exist?". Retrieved 13 May 2017. ^ Allison, Michael (7 January 2016). "Microsoft Lumia 550 review: One step forward, many steps back". Retrieved 13 May 2017. ^ Cameron, Sean (11 February 2016). Retrieved 13 May 2017 .. 1 Nokia-branded and developed by the Nokia Corporation. 2 Nokia-branded but developed by Microsoft Mobile Oy under a transitional license agreement. Categories : Mobile technology stubs Windows 10 Mobile devices Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Microsoft Lumia Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Microsoft hardware. Hidden categories: All stub articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه Français 한국어 Italiano Română Suomi Türkçe Tiếng Việt 中文. This page was last edited on 5 September 2017, at 00:43. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. Microsoft Lumia 550 review: The latest entry-level Lumia brings some good with the bad. The Microsoft Lumia 550 is a decent cheap phone hit with the same issues as its more expensive sibling.. What Microsoft has in its latest 5-series phone is actually something closer to what we'd expect from a '6' series in recent times. It's not quite a Lumia 640, but it's most definitely better than the old 635.. As a cheap phone it's mostly great news. The hardware is solid and ticks most of the right boxes. But as with the Lumia 950 and 950 XL, its the software that lets us down. Windows 10 Mobile , for all the innovation it brings, still doesn't feel like it's ready for a consumer product.. The price is hard to ignore. Camera pretty good for the price. Bland to look at, especially in Black. Too much top and bottom bezel on the front. Windows 10 Mobile still lacks polish and is riddled with bugs. 4.7 inches 1280 x 720 resolution. 5MP f/2.4 720p video at 30fps Single LED flash. Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 Quad-core Up to 1.1GHz. Internal storage: 8GB (expandable up to 200GB) RAM: 1GB. GPS bands: 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 1900 MHz LTE bands: Band 1, Band 3, Band 7, Band 8, Band 20 Wi-Fi b/g/n. Accelerometer Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor. A-GLONASS A-GPS Cellular BeiDou Wi-Fi network positioning. 9.9 x 136.1 x 136.1 mm. Lumia 550 unboxing and hands-on. Check out a quick opening and run through of the Lumia 550 by our very own Daniel Rubino.. It's impossible to please all of the people all of the time, but when it comes to hardware Microsoft has been doing mostly good work with recent releases. The Lumia 640, which was announced nearly a year ago, was one of the best examples yet of balancing specs, experience and price.. With the Lumia 550, announced alongside the twin flagships Lumia 950 and 950 XL , Microsoft appears to be heading down a similar path. The budget smartphone space is one of the most important to get right — it's here where the casual consumers can be caught. Not everyone is spending $600 or more on a phone but they still want something to be proud of.. The Lumia 550 isn't going to win any design awards, but it still feels solid in the hand.. The good news is that with the Lumia 550 Microsoft has taken the Lumia 640 path once again. It's not going to win any design awards, sure, but it's far from offensive. If you were to ask us, definitely get the white one, it's the better-looking one with its glossy rear that contrasts with the flat black front. The black version looks pretty cheap, and it's mostly a bland affair. You get a shiny Microsoft logo on the back that breaks up what's otherwise a pretty ordinary-looking plastic box. It feels solid in the hand, the plastic buttons are responsive and the angled sides just help it nestle into your palm that bit better.. The raw specs of the Lumia 550 don't read badly at all. And the on-paper appeal seems to translate pretty well into practice, particularly with the display. The decision to move to a 4.7-inch, 720p display for a 5xx phone was a smart move by Microsoft. It's the thing you spend the most time interacting with, so if corners are to be cut, the display shouldn't be one of them.. For the most part it seems comparable in quality with the older, but slightly more expensive Lumia 640. Blacks aren't the deepest you'll see but they're decent enough and colors pop nicely. And because it's 720p at 4.7 inches, text is relatively crisp unless you look really, really closely.. It's also very responsive which isn't a given, especially on a cheaper phone. But we noticed no such issues on the Lumia 550. Our only criticism of the display would be that it's pretty reflective, but thankfully the viewing experience doesn't suffer too much for it. Oh, and the bezels top and bottom are way too big. It makes the phone feel larger than it actually is, and now the navigation keys are on-screen, there's really no excuse for not slimming them down somewhat. And you get Glance Screen, which is still fantastic.. The phone is also pretty snappy, with the internals more than up to the task of every day Windows 10 Mobile life. Sure, you're not going to be playing any intense games on it with the greatest experience, but for most things it'll handle whatever you throw at it just fine.. Just like the 1GB RAM Windows Phones have done for a while now. Storage-wise you're looking at 8GB of internal with the option to expand on that with a microSD card. We'd not have expected Microsoft to leave off the expandable memory, frankly, but nevertheless we're always pleased to see it.. The Lumia 550 continue's Microsoft's practice of compelling hardware at a low price.. You get a camera on the front and a camera on the back, and — keeping expectations in check — it's about what we'd expect. There's more on the camera later, but the 5MP rear shooter is about par for the course on a phone at this price point. Or it is from Microsoft, at least. It's not phenomenal, but it's also not terrible.. One thing that is definitely worth pointing out and that Microsoft deserves big credit for is the SIM card slot. Microsoft went with the smaller Nano SIM on its cheapest phone. This is a bigger deal than you might think. But Microsoft has now committed to the size, meaning you can shrink down once and be done with it. Not all cheap phones have made the jump yet, but kudos to Microsoft for getting it done.. Ultimately you're getting what you pay for and plenty more. Microsoft has shown before that it can produce compelling hardware for not a lot of money and that trend continues. A few niggles aside there's nothing really to fault with the actual phone. And then we come to the software.. Windows 10 Mobile on the Lumia 550. The Lumia 550 is one of Microsoft's first batch of phones to hit the market with Windows 10 Mobile. That's both a good thing and a not so good thing at the time of writing this review. I took possession of our review unit shortly before Christmas. It's not a loaner provided by Microsoft, this is a retail packaged product bought from a real store sold by a real, non-PR related person. So this phone is what folks are going and spending their own money on.. I whip it out of the box and I set it up. So far so good and Windows 10 Mobile looks pretty good. Tons of apps to update, one of which is the Store itself. I'm not going to describe the entire first few hours with the phone, because I don't want this to turn into something that's just railing on Windows 10 Mobile. To be clear, I like Windows 10 Mobile.. I just don't like where it's at right now on a retail product that is targeted at casual, budget conscious buyers.. A Windows Central community member kindly pointed me to a 'workaround': cancel all updates and try to update the Store on its own. Then go back in and set the others updating a couple at a time. This worked, but that's not the point.. I'm relatively savvy with this stuff. But I was ready to throw it out of a window before someone pointed out the non-obvious thing that I needed to do. This wasn't the only piece of out-of-box jank, either, to which I was told a new firmware update should 'fix' most of. It then took 48 hours for the firmware update to show up, download and install to the phone.. The good news is that the Lumia 550 was much better after this. Honestly, had it not been I'm not sure how I'd have written this review at all.. The bad news is that the out-of-box experience was terrible. First impressions count for a lot and I'm tired of hearing that updates will fix things or make it better. This isn't an Insider Preview phone. This is a real thing Microsoft is asking real money for from real people.. First impressions count for a lot, and updates shouldn't be needed to make things better.. The Lumia 950 might well be one for the fans, so you could potentially cut it some slack. The Lumia 550 is for the mass market. Microsoft absolutely cannot offer this kind of experience to buyers.. I'm not enjoying writing this, but you can't hide from it, either. I will say that the Lumia 550 has been less frustrating during my time with it than the Lumia 950 that I've been using side-by-side. But all too often something will freeze, the start screen will just disappear entirely or the Store will just refuse to work.. It's not even about the so-called app-gap any more. I'm not sure what the official conclusion is. I like Windows 10, I like Windows 10 Mobile. But it doesn't leave a good first impression. It's such a shame because for some, it may end up being a dealbreaker that results in the phone being quickly returned.. If you're prepared to tough it out and go through updates, and waiting, and the occasionally absurdly frustrating experience, you'll hopefully be rewarded. When it's all working well the Lumia 550 is an excellent phone. Not just for a cheap phone, either. Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference between it and the Lumia 830 of 2014 which is now running similar hardware.. It's also worth reminding that the Lumia 550 doesn't support Continuum. Microsoft has been pretty open thus far about the requirement for current, high-end hardware to make it work, but it's still worth pointing out. It's not a negative on the phone, just an observation for those who may have wondered.. If you're buying a cheap phone like this expecting anything serious from the camera, you'll be disappointed. But that's also not exclusive to Microsoft. What you do get on the Lumia 550 is a better camera than any of its direct predecessors, which is good.. It's one of only a couple of areas the Lumia 550 falls short of the Lumia 640, honestly. You get a 5MP rear shooter with LED flash and with it, of course, the new Windows Camera app.. While the Camera app may still divide opinions among the Windows faithful, it does at least work well enough on the Lumia 550. The autofocus is fast, as is the shutter response. And you also get the ever popular Rich Capture mode, something that used to be reserved for the higher-end Windows Phones.. Pictures speak louder than words, though, so check out the gallery below.. The resulting images aren't terrible, certainly not considering this is an entry-level phone. Or rather, they're not terrible in good light. Indoors and in lower light it's pretty hopeless.. For a small, cheap phone with LTE, the Lumia 550 performs admirably. There haven't been any issues making it through a full day of use on EE here in the UK with a mixture of LTE and HSPA use alongside extended periods on Wi-Fi. As is usually the case with Lumia phones of recent times, the 2100mAh battery in the back is removable, leaving you free to hot swap on the go instead of relying on an external battery pack if you do find yourself running a little short.. Since this is a cheaper phone with lower-end hardware from Qualcomm, we're not looking at any QuickCharge capabilities. But since the battery isn't the biggest it hasn't been taking too long to charge from empty. Maybe a couple of hours or so and you're back to full which isn't bad at all.. There's also no fancy USB-C here as on the more expensive new Lumias. So it'll work with all your existing cables. And since Microsoft only includes a hard-wired charger, you'll need a microUSB cable to hook it up to your computer, anyway.. One of the biggest weapons Microsoft has in its arsenal with the Lumia 550 is the price. As with some of last year's phones, like the Lumia 640, what you get for your relatively small outlay is pretty phenomenal.. the Lumia 550 will cost around $139, while UK pricing is £99.99 if you buy from Microsoft. We got ours from Carphone Warehouse where things are much more wallet-friendly by buying on a pay-as-you-go deal.. Over in India you'll be looking to spend around INR 9,199. Wherever you are, though, you're looking at good value.. Lumia 550: The bottom line. Should you buy the Lumia 550? Maybe. Where to buy the Lumia 550. The Lumia 550 is an excellent, budget smartphone. Platform not taken into consideration, what you get for not a lot of money deserves a lot of credit. Microsoft once again did a good job with its entry-level product.. But it's hard to ignore where the software still feels lacking. There are times when it still feels like you're running an Insider Preview build of Windows 10 Mobile. But this isn't a preview on whatever phone you're currently using — it's something Microsoft is asking money for. And at this price point, it's going to appeal to casual consumers since it undercuts the nearest Android competition, and in many cases offers more impressive hardware at the same time.. Microsoft again did a good job with its entry-level phone, but it's hard to ignore where the software still feels lacking.. Microsoft is a big software company and resources shouldn't be short to improve upon the overall experience. But the out-of-box experience on the Lumia 550 wasn't good, and first impressions are important. Thankfully, software updates did improve the overall experience through the course of the review. But we can't go along forever waiting on the next software update.. If you're OK toughing it out though, you're going to have yourself a very good, very cheap phone.. There's plenty of pointers in the "buy" column. The Lumia 550 is very well priced and offers a mostly mid-range hardware experience at an entry level price point.. But if you're buying, you should know what you're going into with Windows 10 Mobile and the potential hurdles along the way. If you're the more cautious type, perhaps hunt around for deal on the older Lumia 640. The hardware is a little better, Windows Phone 8.1 is time tested and you'll be able to find one on a good deal in a number of places.. If you're set on buying a new Lumia 550, it's gradually becoming available in more locations around the world. Check out these stores in the U.S., UK and India to get you started, and be sure to drop any great deals where you are into the comments below.. Lumia 550 at Amazon India Lumia 550 at Microsoft UK Lumia 550 at Microsoft U.S.. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and build quality 3. Display in detail and battery life 4. Web browser and other apps 9. Microsoft Lumia 550 specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (70). 4.7" 720p LCD display of 315ppi, Glance Screen. Snapdragon 210 chipset with quad-core 1.1GHz Cortex-A7 CPU and Adreno 304 GPU, 1GB of RAM. 5MP auto-focus camera with f/2.4 aperture, LED flash, 720p video recording @ 30fps. 2MP front-facing camera with 480p@30fps video recording. 8GB of built-in storage; expandable via a microSD slot. 4 LTE (150/50Mbps); Wi-Fi a/b/g/n; Bluetooth 4.1; GPS/GLONASS/Beidou; FM radio;. Active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic. The black polycarbonate is quite smudge-prone. The design might be growing old on some long-time Windows Phone users. It's impossible to deny Microsoft's influential position in the entry-level smartphone market over the last few years. The company has always managed to deliver compelling budget packages at hard-to-beat prices.. While success has never been a given for any low-end smartphone, Microsoft seems to have perfected the formula. A light and resource-efficient OS such as Windows Phone has certainly helped. Microsoft's devices are typically capable of matching and beating the speed and performance of their Android peers with less processing power and RAM.. The Microsoft Lumia 550 however is the first budget smartphone to run Windows 10 - which marks a new stage in mobile software for the Redmond company and a step towards platform convergence. It's too big a step though for the Microsoft Lumia 550 but even without the Continuum support, the phone isn't without its merits.. To begin with, the 4.7" screen has 720p resolution, which is quite a confidence booster at this price point. There's LTE support as well and a 5MP main camera - a feature Microsoft carries from the previous generation. The exterior hasn't radically changed and the polycarbonate case is simple and practical. While it may not be the best choice for the flagship Lumia 950, the plastic finish is perfectly fitting the budget Lumia 550.. On paper, Microsoft has done most of the things right. We're not quite sure about the choice of the Snapdragon 210 chipset - perhaps the high-res screen ate into the budget available for the chipset. LTE support is there though and that must've been Microsoft's main requirement. Let's hope too that the chipset pays back in terms of better battery life too.. Additionally, we can't help but notice the striking similarity between the Lumia 550 and last season's Lumia 640. Not that this is necessarily a bad thing. On the plus side, it's nice that the Lumia 550 shares a lot with the flagship Lumia 950 pair in terms of looks, but the design is quite obviously getting long in the tooth.. There's more to the Lumia 550 though than its looks. We're excited to see what Windows 10 has in store for the entry-level smartphone space. Before that, let's explore the hardware and what Microsoft changed about it. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and build quality. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and build quality 3. Display in detail and battery life 4. Web browser and other apps 9. Microsoft Lumia 550 specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (70). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. The Microsoft Store is selling Lumia smartphones once again. Deal: Microsoft offering $200 discount on latest Surface Pro. Microsoft Photos Companion app for Android and iOS helps ease transfers to a PC. Windows 10 is getting a seamless Bluetooth discovery feature as well. 
Find out more on our cookies page .. To accept this and continue using the site, press Accept & continue.. From getting your kit home to setting it up, we can help.. When something goes wrong with your kit, we can pick up the pieces.. Whatever life throws at you, we'll protect your most important kit.. From upgrades to trade-ins, we can save you time and money.. Microsoft Lumia 550 - Setting it up. This guide has been written to help you set up a Microsoft Lumia 550, whether it's a new phone or it's been factory reset. We'll take you through all of it - from putting the SIM card in, to finishing up with a lock scren.. Inserting your SIM & memory cards. Download your Microsoft Lumia 550 User Manual. If you're looking for the manufacturer's user manual, you can get it here. Here's what you'll find in the box:. Inserting your SIM & memory cards. To get your phone up and running, the first thing you need to do is put your SIM card in. It goes in the back of the phone, so you'll need to take the back cover off and take out the battery if it's in there. To get the back cover off, use your thumb to push the top right-hand corner away from the phone. When it releases, follow around the edges with your finger and the back case should come away.. With the battery taken out, you'll see two slots on the left. The lower slot is for the SIM card, and you'll see a picture of a SIM above it. Slide it into the slot with the cut off corner going in first, and the gold contacts facing downwards.. If you've got a memory card, it goes into the upper slot. Slide it in, again with the gold contacts facing down. When you've got them both in, you can put the battery back in and replace the back cover.. The first time you turn the phone on (a brand new one or a factory reset one) you'll need to go through the 'Setup Wizard' before you can start using it. It's a series of steps that your phone has to do to make sure it's got the right setting in it. We've written some steps to help get you through it.. At any point during the Setup Wizard, you might see a box pop up that asks you to pick your mobile network. OK , and the Setup Wizard will carry on automatically.. The first thing to do is choose your language. Scroll through the options and tap the. you want to use, and then press. Next you'll be asked to confirm your home country. Now you need to agree to the Terms and Conditions to use the phone. Read through them, and then press. Choose the date and time by pressing each. and setting the current time and date. We think this step is important because your phone needs to download some apps and information, so it's best to be connected to Wi-Fi for it. when it appears in the list.. Tap the box to bring up the keyboard, and then type in your. It'll be on a sticker on the router if you don't know it. If it's worked, your network name will show under 'Connected to'. Here you'll get a list of Microsoft services on the screen. if you want to change any of them, otherwise press. You'll be given the option to sync your phone with a Microsoft account to keep everything backed up. If you've already got one, press. and setting one up, because you'll need it to be able to download apps.. in the boxes and then press. If you've used the account on a Windows phone before, you can restore any old backups if you want. if you want the phone to start afresh.. Your pictures and videos can be backed up automatically using 'One Drive'. If you'd like this to happen, just press. If you don't want this to happen, press. It's a voice assistant app that's built into the phone. If you want to use it, press. The final screen tells you you're 'All done'. You'll be taken to the Home screen on your phone now, ready for you to start exploring.. At the bottom of the main screen are some touchscreen buttons that you'll use quite often. 'Home' (Windows icon): press this to go back to your Home screen from anywhere in the phone.. 'Back' (left arrow): press it to go back one screen.. 'Search' (magnifying glass): press to search for specific items.. Connecting the Lumia 550 to a Wi-Fi network. Lots of our apps need to be connected to the internet to work properly, so here's how to connect to Wi-Fi and your mobile network.. Make sure you've got the password for the Wi-Fi to hand. It'll be on a sticker on your router if you're not sure what it is.. to the left, to go to the apps list.. Open the Wi-Fi settings by pressing. Under 'Wi-Fi Networking' make sure the switch is turned on, and then press the. into the box (it's the one on a sticker on your router).. Done , and if it's worked, you'll see the name of your network under 'Connected to'.. Turning mobile data on or off. Turning off your mobile data when you're not using it can help you to manage it, and make sure you don't use too much. Here's some steps to show you how to turn it on and off.. Go to the mobile data settings by pressing. Under 'Data connection' you'll see the switch and it'll say 'On' or 'Off' next to it.. If you're having any trouble connecting to your mobile data, we've got some guides that can help you with that. You can stay connected to all your emails because your Lumia 550 can handle all the accounts you have. We've written these steps to help you with connecting a new account. When you've set it up, your emails will go to the 'Outlook' app on the Home screen.. Open your apps list by swiping the. Open the account settings by pressing. Any accounts you already have set up will show here.. To set up a new account, press. from the list by tapping it. If you're adding a work or education account, choose 'Exchange'. If you can't find yours, press. so it can be added to the emails you send automatically, and then press. The account should set up automatically, so press. If you're having any other problems getting your email set up, you might need to put the settings in manually. and we'll help you with it.. Protecting the information on your phone is important to everyone, so here's some steps to help you set up a lock screen.. Open the list of apps first, by swiping the. Go to the lock screen settings by pressing. Scroll to the bottom of this page and press. Here is where you can add a PIN number to protect your phone. to be able to set a PIN.. you want to use as the PIN, and then type it in. You'll be taken back to the page where you added it. Now you'll see options to change it or remove it if you need to. Your Lumia 550 is set up and ready for you to start using it now. talk to a Team Knowhow Expert, you can contact us. If you've got an issue with any of your kit, our experts are on-call to help 24/7 - in-store, at home, or over the phone.. When your kit's fully broken, you need it fixed fast. Our accredited experts will get you back up and running in no time.. Available in-store, online, at home and over the phone.. Team Knowhow, PO Box 1686, Sheffield, S2 5YB. DSG Retail Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 504877) and The Carphone Warehouse Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 2142673) trading as Team Knowhow, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Microsoft Lumia 550. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Microsoft Lumia 550 smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 4.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 315 pixels per inch. The Microsoft Lumia 550 is powered by 1.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 200GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Microsoft Lumia 550 packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Microsoft Lumia 550 runs Windows 10 Mobile and is powered by a 2100mAh removable battery. It measures 136.10 x 67.80 x 9.90 (height x width x thickness). The Microsoft Lumia 550 is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Microsoft Lumia 550 With Windows 10 Mobile Launched at Rs. Microsoft Lumia 550 With Windows 10 Mobile Goes on Sale. Microsoft Lumia 550 With 4.7-Inch Display, Windows 10 Mobile Launched. More Microsoft mobiles Microsoft mobiles price in India. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 136.10 x 67.80 x 9.90 Battery capacity (mAh) 2100 Removable battery Yes Colours White, Black. Screen size (inches) 4.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 315. Processor 1.1GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 200. Rear camera 5-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 2-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Microsoft Lumia 550. 3.2 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 4 of 4 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Anoorul Rahaman - Web Spiders | 15 Jul 2016. It is one of the best device in low price. Design and Graphics is good, network connectivity, OS is ok.. If you are feeling boring can switch to Windows Phone.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Ascot Marques | 9 Mar 2017. can't plug via USB to transfer stuff from my pc, there no help at all anywhere in the phone box/mini books or in the internet, never regreted buying a phone so much. Was this review helpful? Yes No. perfect Handset that everyone should buy. By AASHIK KRISHNAN | 20 Aug 2016. I recommend to buy Microsoft because they are the first people to create a smart phone os dont buy android its a junk and ios is a stupid os and people think ios is safe ios is no more safe apple leaks your information and windows 10 is consider as secured os. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Kent WahlstrÃ¶m | 8 Jul 2016. The most problematic phon i ever had .lots of shity in it that i dont need .G0 to hell throw it away.Apps i dont wantundefined. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 3 people found this review helpful. Microsoft Lumia 550 With Windows 10 Mobile Launched at Rs. Microsoft Lumia 550 With Windows 10 Mobile Goes on Sale. Microsoft Lumia 550 With 4.7-Inch Display, Windows 10 Mobile Launched. Microsoft Lumia 650 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 430 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 435 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 435 Microsoft Lumia 532 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 532 Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 535. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Blackberry Z10 Microsoft Lumia 550 vs. Nokia Lumia 620 Samsung Galaxy J3 6 vs. Nokia Lumia 520 Lenovo Vibe K5 vs. Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 550 vs. Htc Desire 820 Microsoft Lumia 550 vs. Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual Sim vs. Nokia Lumia 730 Dual Sim Microsoft Lumia 650 vs. Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual Sim Microsoft Lumia 550 vs. LG G2 Microsoft Lumia 550 vs. Nokia Lumia 635 Microsoft Lumia 650 vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Microsoft Lumia 550 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A budget option for the productivity-minded. With a good camera, a nice screen and decent speakers, the well-built Lumia 550 makes a solid first impression. However, given the slow performance and a buggy OS, those looking for a bargain might be better looking elsewhere.. Design Thanks to Carphone Warehouse for supplying the review unit. Update: Lumia 550 is on sale now thanks to early Black Friday deals , a discount from its original launch price. Here's how it performed in our review.. Microsoft Lumia 550 is the budget-friendly Windows 10 Mobile phone that doesn't suffer from high expectations, and that's a good and bad thing.. That contrasts with the Lumia 950 and 950 XL – the first flagship smartphones with the Microsoft's new operating system – bearing the weight of expectation.. Unfortunately, despite significant efforts on the part of Microsoft, their arrival was heralded by persistent software bugs and lukewarm reviews.. Things have gone rather more smoothly, however, for the Lumia 550, the budget entry in the Windows 10 Mobile lineup.. While some retailers even chose to postpone the release of the 950 and 950 XL, mainly due to the aforementioned software problems, the 550 has sailed onto the market virtually unannounced.. And at £99.99 (US $139.00, AU$199.00) direct from Microsoft and as low as $109 in the US from B&H Photo, the phone has a price to set it apart from the likes of the dominant Moto G , competing directly with the likes of the Moto E , which can be found for a similar price.. Is this alone enough to see the 550 succeed? And can it garner some desperately-needed positive press for the Lumia camp?. Over the years Microsoft has gained something of a reputation for products that scream 'productivity'. And any mention of productivity, in turn, tends to suggest phones that aren't likely to set pulses racing when it comes to design.. Sure enough, with its preponderance of straight lines and matte plastic, the Lumia 550 is likely to be greeted by phone fans who place a premium on style with an audible "meh".. There's a distinct lack of original features on the handset. Aside from the different camera modules on the back there's almost nothing to distinguish the Lumia 550 from its more expensive siblings, asides from the apparently superior build of course.. The Lumia 550 has a more solid overall feel in the hand, and the few flaws that are present are made tolerable by the price. And there may be a rather simple explanation for this.. While the Lumia 950 and 950 XL are made for the most ardent of Windows Phone fans, the Lumia 550 is made for a different market altogether: IT managers. These are devices made to be bought in bulk by those looking for lots of bang for their buck.. The look of the handset may seem familiar, however. Weighing in at 142g and with a 4.7-inch display, in the hand the Lumia 550 feels identical to the Lumia 630 in almost every respect.. Indeed, with the two devices side by side, the only immediately noticeable difference is in the branding, with the newer handset being a product of Microsoft rather than Nokia.. On the top edge of the phone is the 3.5mm headphone jack. At the bottom is the micro USB port for charging and data transfer. Mercifully, Microsoft hasn't made the leap to USB Type-C just yet, which means you won't have any problems when you need to charge the device.. The right side of the handset is standard issue for a Lumia, with the power button at the mid-way point and the volume rocker above.. On the rear are an understated silver Windows logo, and the 5MP rear-facing camera with a single LED flash. The back of the handset is removable, enabling access to the 2100 mAh battery, nanoSIM slot and the microSD slot.. The front is home to the comfortably-sized 4.7-inch screen, which proves to be a nice compromise between maximum screen real estate and easier one-handed use. Above this is the 2MP front facing camera, along with a brightness sensor.. The screen on the Lumia 550 is one of the highlights of the device. Over the years, as components have become less expensive, high-quality screens are one of the features that have found their way down the pecking order from higher-end handsets.. With a resolution of 720p stretched across those 4.7 inches, the Lumia 550 boasts a pixels-per-inch count of 312, bringing it comfortably into 'retina' territory.. Although it's 'only' an LCD panel and not AMOLED, such as on the Samsung Galaxy S6 , contrast and saturation are very pleasant overall. Whether watching videos, browsing the web or reading long-form articles, I was perfectly happy with the display quality.. Although it doesn't boast the greatest range of viewing angles, suffering from flat colours at the extremes, the Lumia 550 is nonetheless comfortably bright in a variety of viewing environments.. The ambient brightness sensor can, however, be a little finicky; I found that I had to manually adjust the lighting on several occasions.. While corners have inevitably been cut to help keep costs down, in terms of its screen the Lumia 550 strikes a reasonable balance between price and quality.. Next Page Outlook and Edge. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Now available: the new Microsoft Lumia 550. Starting today, Microsoft Lumia 550 , Microsoft’s most affordable 4G LTE * smartphone running Windows 10 , is available in select markets at $139 USD.**. 4.7” HD (16:9, 1280×720, 315 ppi) with Glance. Removable 2100 mAh [1] battery. 5 MP AF f/2.4, 720p @ 30 fps video. 1 GB RAM, 8 GB internal mass memory [2] + up to 200 GB Micro SD [3]. 136.1 x 67.8 x 9.9 mm. Sales of the new Microsoft Lumia 550, which offers the best of Microsoft to people who value affordability and uncompromised quality, begin today in Europe. Other regions around the globe will follow in the coming weeks.. From the moment you turn on the Lumia 550 smartphone, you’ll experience Windows 10, signature Microsoft apps and services such as Microsoft Office ( Word , Excel , PowerPoint )***, Cortana ****, OneDrive , Outlook Mail and Outlook Calendar , and Skype on a premium 4.7” HD display. The familiar and consistent Windows 10 experience now extends from the PC and tablet to the phone.. With Lumia 550, if you create a Word document on your Surface Pro 4 , just save it on OneDrive so that you can access it on your Lumia 550 on your commute home on the train and work on it further with the built-in Office apps on your phone.. If you’re sitting at your laptop (such as the Surface Book ) and ask Cortana to remind you to pick up something on the way home, Cortana syncs reminders across devices and will notify you on your Lumia at the right time and place.. A premium display at a glance. The Lumia 550 offers outstanding visuals on a 4.7-inch HD display.. With outdoor readability enhancements, you can create, edit or view your PowerPoint presentations or Excel spreadsheets on the go, no matter where you are, and stay connected with friends via Skype, Facebook , Twitter , or WhatsApp .. The Lumia 550 also includes Glance Screen that makes sure you never miss out on what is important by displaying time, date, notifications, and calendar entries without having to unlock or activate your phone.. As fast as the speed of LTE. To make sure you can access your documents online, the Lumia 550 connects using 4G LTE reaching download speeds of up to 150 Mbps and uploads of up to 50 Mbps. Additionally, Microsoft Edge is an all-new browser that’s great for on-the-go reading and more.. The new Lumia 550 comes in matte black and glossy white, and will become available globally in select markets starting today.. * Coverage, service, and 4G/LTE are not available everywhere. ** Suggested retail price, before local taxes and subsidies. *** Office apps and other select apps are designed to run on all Windows 10 devices. App availability and experience varies by market and device. Some apps and content sold separately. Microsoft account required for some features; Internet and mobile fees apply. **** Cortana available in select markets at launch; experience may vary by region and device.. [1] Battery has limited recharge cycles and battery capacity reduces over time. Eventually the battery may need to be replaced. [2] Pre-installed software and apps use a significant amount of the internal memory space. [3] Memory card sold separately.. Tags Lumia 550 Windows 10. Lumia 550: affordable productivity on the go. The Microsoft Lumia 735 is available in the U.S. in Verizon Wireless retail stores and online. Microsoft Lumia 650: sophisticated, metal design and Windows 10 under $200 USD. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Bing Community Participation Center Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Microsoft Education Microsoft Health and Band Mobile Devices MSN Music, Movies & TV Office OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Surface Virus and Malware Windows Windows Essentials Windows Insider Program. Ask a Question Start a Discussion. Tell us about your experience with our site. I have photos on my phone that i would like to transfer to my Mac Computer.. I have the same question (0). Please check this link for transferring photo of Lumia 550: https://support.microsoft.com/en-in/help/11645/lumia-transfer-content-from-a-symbian-or-s40-phone. In reply to Eugene Bal's post on June 13, 2016. I have gone to the site you mention and printed the instructions. My phone is a Microsoft Lumia 550 so I am a bit puzzled about 'Nokia". Are they one and the same?. In reply to Padmanabh Borkar's post on June 10, 2016. Sorry for being so long replying. I downloaded Shareit app on to my computer (which has El Capitan). but now I wonder do I need to download it on the phone also?. Thank you for posting your query.. We suggest you to download a Photo Transfer application from Windows. store, please click this link to visit the store:. You may also try to use the instructions provided by Eugene Bal to transfer photos from your Windows phone to. If you need any further assistance let us know and we would be glad to assist you.. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Bing Community Participation Center Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Microsoft Education Microsoft Health and Band Mobile Devices MSN Music, Movies & TV Office OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Surface Virus and Malware Windows Windows Essentials Windows Insider Program. Ask a Question Start a Discussion. Tell us about your experience with our site. I have had my Microsoft Lumia 550 for 6 wks now, it keeps turning off and on, gets very hot when in use, people txt me and the txt just disappear, the phone keeps freezing all in all I am very frustrated .. I have been back to car phone warehouse who did nothing about it because it was out of the two weeks. I had to take it back... If any one has any ideas then please let me know. I have the same question (7). Thank you for posting on the community. Are you still experiencing the same behavior with your Lumia 550? If so, does it happen when using a specific application or even when you are not using the phone? Do you have the latest software version. installed on the phone? Have you tried checking if the system apps are up to date? We look forward to you reply.. Buy online, pick up in store. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Microsoft Lumia 550 vs Nokia Lumia 920 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Windows (10 Mobile) Windows Phone, 8. Dimensions 5.36 x 2.67 x 0.39 inches (136.1 x 67.8 x 9.9 mm) 5.13 x 2.79 x 0.42 inches (130.3 x 70.8 x 10.7 mm). Weight 5.01 oz (142 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 6.53 oz (185 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Colors Black, White Black, Gray, Yellow, Red, White. Physical size 4.7 inches 4.5 inches. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels 768 x 1280 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Polarizing filter. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus Optical image stabilization, Autofocus, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI). Software Features Touch to focus, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, White balance presets Exposure compensation, White balance presets. Camcorder 1280x720 (720p HD) (30 fps) 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Continuous autofocus, Video light, Video calling, Video sharing Optical image stabilization, Video calling. Front-facing camera 2 megapixels 1.3 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 8909 Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Plus MSM8960. Quad-core, 1100 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7 Dual-core, 1500 MHz, Krait. 1 GB RAM 1 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 16.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min) 18.60 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 28.0 days (672 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h) 19.2 days (460 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 14.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min) 10.80 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). 19.2 days (460 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Music playback 60.00 hours 74.00 hours. Video playback 7.10 hours 6.00 hours. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20 Bands 18, 8, 3, 1, 7. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s LTE Cat 3 (100/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, BeiDou, Cell ID, Wi-Fi positioning GPS, A-GPS, S-GPS, Glonass, Cell ID, Wi-Fi positioning. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation, Points of interest (POI) Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 06 Oct 2015 05 Sep 2012. Nokia Fast USB Charger AC-16, Nokia Charging and Data Cable CA-190CD, Nokia Headset WH-208, Quick guide. FCC ID value: PYARM-1128 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Microsoft Lumia 550 is a smartphone that comes with a 4.7-inch LCD display, a 720x1280 resolution and 314ppi index. Powering the device from within is a 1.1GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor with 1GB of RAM and the Adreno 304 GPU. It has a built-in storage of 8GB with a microSD card slot to expand the memory by up to 200GB. Capturing photos may be done on the 5MP rear-facing camera which can also record 720p HD quality videos or the 2MP camera sensor on the front of the device. Included is a 2100mAh Li-Ion battery that powers the device for up to 16 hours of talk time and 28 days in standby mode. It unboxes with Windows 10 OS and is available in black or white color options. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. Expert Review User reviews. There doesn't appear to be any current deals for this device. Use the search bar above to search for more deals. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. ZTE Maven Huawei Union BLU Studio Selfie LTE HTC One A9 CAT S40 Plum Might Z513 BLU Studio Energy Nokia Lumia 625 Sky 5.0L BLU Studio 5.0 C. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. PhoneArena presents a hands-on video of the Microsoft Lumia 550. -------- PhoneArena.com is your ultimate source of mobile tech news, reviews, and info. The PhoneArena YouTube channel delivers a vast range of smartphone, tablet, and accessory video reviews, in addition to regular hands-on, unboxing, and other uploads. Visit PhoneArena.com: http://www.phonearena.com/ Check out the YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/PhoneArena. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. 5 things we loved – Microsoft Lumia 550. Microsoft Lumia 550, the first cheap Windows 10 phone. Microsoft Lumia 550 VS Samsung Galaxy J5 - Speed & Camera Test!. REVIEW: Microsoft Lumia 550 with Windows 10. Lumia 950 XL Bend test - Liquidless Cooling - Scratch Test. Continuum hands-on with the Microsoft Display Dock. Microsoft Lumia 550 VS Lumia 640 Windows 10 - Review. Lumia 550 - Keys and parts. Microsoft's Lumia 950 XL Hands-on Demo | Mashable. What is a Core i3, Core i5, or Core i7 as Fast As Possible. Lumia 550 unboxing & first impressions. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Listed Price : 9,199. The Microsoft Lumia 550 features a 4.7-inch LCD display, with resolution of HD 720 x 1280. The Snapdragon 210 chipset is under the hood, carrying a quad-core 1.1GHz CPU. 1GB of RAM is inside, along with 8GB of expandable internal storage. A 5 MP camera is found on back, and a 2 MP front-facing shooter handles selfies and video chats.The phone supports 4G LTE connectivity.. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 Quad-core 1.1 GHz. Camera 5 MP, 2592 * 1944 pixels, autofocus, LED flash. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. Full Specifications of Microsoft Lumia 550. 2G Network Technology GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100. 4G Network Technology LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Resolution HD 720 x 1280 pixels. Display Technology LCD Capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 200 GB. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 Quad-core 1.1 GHz. Camera resolution 5 MP, 2592 * 1944 pixels, autofocus, LED flash. Camera Features 1/4'' sensor size, geo-tagging, touch focus. Size (L by B by T) 136.1 x 67.8 x 9.9 mm. Radio Features Internet Radio, FM Radio. Battery Life - Standby 28 days. Battery Life - Talk Time Up to 16 h (2G) / Up to 14 h (3G)/ Up to 17 h (4G). Nokia 2, Nokia 7, Nokia 8 and Nokia 9 processors details leaked. Microsoft Lumia 550 with Windows 10 launched in India, priced at Rs 9,399: Specifications, features. Microsoft Windows 10 devices launch live updates: Lumia 550 announced; Price, specifications and features. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL, Lumia 950, Lumia 550 specifications and features leaked. Microsoft Lumia 550 with LTE, 4.7-inch display leaked. Microsoft Lumia 550 Reviews in India. Microsoft Lumia 550 Features & Specs. Microsoft Lumia 550 Vs HTC Desire 650. Microsoft Lumia 550 Vs Spice M-6400. Microsoft Lumia 550 Vs Spice M-5350 Elite. Microsoft Lumia 550 Vs LG optimus gt540. 11,999 Buy Now. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (Core i7). 1,44,990 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Microsoft Lumia 550. No doubt....like other Lumia phones...this will be surely a great device by Microsoft. But one drawback of this.....which I must share that this p..... Deepak Gupta on Jul 13, 2017 11:35 AM. Nokia 2, the 'ultimate' budget smartphone is said to be .... Sambit Satpathy on Dec 18, 2015 07:06 PM. After launching the high-end Lumia 950 and Lumia 950XL last .... Ritesh Bendre on Oct 06, 2015 08:44 PM. Along with the flagship Lumia 950 XL and a slightly compact .... Ritesh Bendre on Sep 26, 2015 01:09 PM. With just a few days left for. Ritesh Bendre on Sep 16, 2015 04:37 PM. Write a Review on Microsoft Lumia 550. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Microsoft Lumia 550 With 4.7-Inch Display, Windows 10 Mobile Launched. Robin Sinha , 07 October 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The Microsoft Lumia 550 budget 4G smartphone, leaked extensively ahead of the event, finally launched on Tuesday. The budget Windows 10 smartphone was introduced alongside the flagship models - Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL , the Microsoft Band 2, the Surface Pro 4 , and the Surface Book at the Windows 10 Devices briefing event. The smartphone is due in December at $139 (roughly Rs. The Microsoft Lumia 550 sports a 4.7-inch HD display (720x1280 pixels) resolution with a pixel density of 315ppi. It is powered by a 1.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 SoC, Adreno 304 GPU and 1GB of RAM. It comes with 8GB of inbuilt storage that's expandable via microSD card (up to 200GB).. The handset comes equipped with a 5-megapixel autofocus rear camera with HD video recording, LED flash, and an f/2.4 aperture, apart from a 2-megapixel sensor placed upfront with an f/2.8 aperture and 480p video recording. The rear camera of Lumia 550 hosts features such as auto/manual exposure, geotagging, and touch focus.. The smartphone, unlike the high-end Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL, features a Micro-USB port instead of USB Type-C. Some of the wireless connectivity options included in the 4G LTE-enabled Microsoft Lumia 550 are Bluetooth 4.1, USB 2.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n with hotspot functionality, FM radio, and A-GPS. It comes backed by a replaceable 2100mAh battery, which as per Microsoft delivers up to 28 days of standby time, 16 hours of talk time in 2G, 14 hours in 3G, and 17 hours in 4G. Also housed on board are an ambient light sensor, accelerometer and proximity sensors.. Needless to say, since the Microsoft Lumia 550 is one of the company's first smartphones to run the latest Windows 10 Mobile OS version, it features the new Microsoft Edge browser, revamped Outlook mail, OneDrive , Microsoft Office, Cortana digital voice assistant, and Glance Screen, which lets users see notifications without fully unlocking the smartphone.. Design-wise the Lumia 550 falls in line with most of the previously launched budget Microsoft Lumia handsets. The model features a lock button and volume buttons on the right side, headphone jack at top, and a speaker at the lower back panel corner. Measuring 136.1x67.8x9.9mm, the model would be available in Black and White colour variants. Like the Lumia 950 XL and Lumia 950, it features the new Windows logo on the rear panel for branding.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Microsoft Lumia 550 With Windows 10 Mobile Launched at Rs. Microsoft Lumia 550 With Windows 10 Mobile Goes on Sale. Microsoft Lumia 550 With 4.7-Inch Display, Windows 10 Mobile Launched. More Microsoft mobiles Microsoft mobiles price in India. Further reading: Microsoft , Microsoft Lumia 550 , Microsoft Lumia 550 Price , Microsoft Lumia 550 Specifications , Mobiles , Windows 10 , Windows 10 Mobile. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM 'Coming Soon' to India. Microsoft Lumia 550 With 4.7-Inch Display, Windows 10 Mobile Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Lumia 550: affordable productivity on the go. Powered by the new Windows 10 for phones, the Microsoft Lumia 550 has everything you need to help you #achievemore. Cortana, your truly personal digital assistant. As our lives become ever more mobile, so does the technology and services we use.. The Lumia 550 comes preinstalled with Office apps like Microsoft Word , Excel , and PowerPoint so that you can be productive wherever you are.. You do not need to wait until you reach the office to view or edit Microsoft Office documents anymore. Instead, you can do it on the train, at the airport, in the back of a taxi – anywhere. By syncing your documents on OneDrive you are no longer desk-bound and can view and work on them anywhere with your Lumia 550.. The Lumia 550 features a premium 4.7-inch HD display that facilitates document viewing and editing and provides a great canvas for viewing your photos and browsing the Web, even in bright sunlight.. With Windows 10, your photos are always easy to find, great to look at, and ready to share. The new Photos app makes sense of all your photos, syncs them, gets them organized and makes it easy to navigate across your Windows 10 devices – ideal if you’re taking photos of receipts that need to be included in an expense report, for example.. Microsoft Edge is the all-new browser that gives you a great on-the-go reading experience. With the new reading view, you can enjoy online articles in a distraction-free layout optimized for your screen. You’ll also like the convenience of having webpages and PDF files saved and organized in your reading list for enjoying later.. Outlook Mail on Windows 10 provides a rich set of tools that will help get your email across in exactly the right way.. Besides using standard features such as “reply” or “forward,” with the familiar and rich capability of Microsoft Word built into the authoring experience, you can also format your message to include highlighted text, font colors, bold, italics and underscores, as well as strikethroughs.. Your Lumia 550 comes with your truly personal digital assistant to help you get stuff done faster and easier.. Cortana* can learn where you work and live** based on the locations you spend most of your time in to help you get to meetings on time. For instance, it can recommend whether you should leave early or not based on real-time traffic conditions.. Appointments are synced across your Windows 10 devices—such as the new Surface Pro 4 tablet or Surface Book —so you’ll always be up-to-date, and even receive reminders from Cortana.. Imagine that your boss emailed you several documents to review just as you head out of the office on a Friday afternoon. Rather than returning to your desk, download those files onto your Lumia 550 using the superfast 4G LTE internet connection.. Once downloaded, you can quickly view the documents on the 4.7-inch HD display and make any changes before sending them to the relevant members of your team.. With free secure cloud storage on OneDrive you can store and sync information across your Windows 10 devices and will always have access to your files also on your phone.***. One major factor for many when considering a productivity smartphone is the cost. Fortunately, the Lumia 550 comes with an affordable $139 USD price tag before local taxes and subsidies.. Are you planning on taking advantage of the Lumia 550 ‘s productivity skills? Let us know at @Lumia .. * Cortana available in select markets. ** Location settings are required to be enabled. *** Free OneDrive storage is limited and varies by market. Updated January 4, 2016 9:45 am. Tags Lumia 550 Productivity. Now available: the new Microsoft Lumia 550. In Photos: The Microsoft Lumia 950, Lumia 950 XL, and Lumia 550. A New Era of Windows 10 Devices from Microsoft. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Watch Nokia's MWC 2018 event in under 10 minutes. The Nokia 8 Sirocco edition is 95-percent glass. Nokia's new affordable smartphones prioritize design. Microsoft's Lumia 550 offers entry-level Windows 10 for $140. Samsung Chromebook Series 5 550 review. Spar's Zephyr portable Bluetooth speaker lineup streams your music, charges your phone. Garmin's new aera series gets you there by air or by land. Microsoft's Lumia 550 offers entry-level Windows 10 for $140. Back when Lumia phones were under Nokia's charge, the 5-series was a budget-friendly range. Nothing's changed now that Microsoft is in control, as the freshly announced Lumia 550 will attest. As you might expect, the spec-sheet likely won't start any fires, but the price might: $140. The Lumia 550 barely got any stage time at the Microsoft Windows 10 devices event (that went to the two new flagships ), but we did hear it sports a quad-core processor, and LTE -- much in line with the rumors we'd heard (and pictured above).. Gallery: Microsoft Lumia 550 press images | 4 Photos. The rest of the main features should include a 5-inch HD display, 5MP/2MP cameras, 8GB of storage (with support for microSD), and a 1,905mAh battery. Perhaps the biggest deviation from the Lumia 520 and 530 (the first Lumia under Microsoft ) that came before is the larger screen -- up from a modest four inches in previous models to a rather more contemporary five.. We'll update this article once more information is available.. Get all the news from today's Microsoft event right here .. 550 , lumia , lumia550 , microsoft , mobilepostcross , nokia , Windows10Devices. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
The next video is starting stop. Microsoft Lumia 550 - How to remove the back cover. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. In this video tutorial I will show you how to remove the back cover on Microsoft Lumia 550. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Microsoft Lumia 550 - How to insert the Sim Card and the SD Memory Card. Lumia 550 - How to insert SIM and memory card. How to Disassembly and Assembly Microsoft Lumia 550 Full. How to disassemble 📱 Microsoft Lumia 550 RM-1127 (RM-1128) Take apart. Microsoft Lumia 550 - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Microsoft Lumia 550 - Tips and Tricks (Windows 10 mobile). Lumia 550 battery life (7 days). 5 things we loved – Microsoft Lumia 550. Microsoft Lumia 550, 650, 950, XL - How to delete/remove an account from an Windows 10 phone. Microsoft Lumia 550 unboxing and hands-on. Nokia Lumia 1520 back cover removal. Microsoft Lumia 550 - How to Enable/Disable Mobile Data (Windows 10 mobile). How to Remove Back Cover on Lumia 520 and Insert Battery, Sim card & Micro-SD card. How to Remove Back Cover of Microsoft Lumia 640 XL to Insert Battery, SIM and Micro SD Card. How to Remove Back Cover of Microsoft Lumia 640 to Insert Battery, SIM and Micro SD Card. How To Microsoft Lumia 550 Disassembly Screen Replacement And Repair Review. How to Remove Back Cover of Microsoft Lumia 435 to Insert Battery, SIM and Micro SD Card. REVIEW: Microsoft Lumia 550 with Windows 10. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Florian Wimmer ( translated by Liala Stieglitz), 03/02/2016. ARM Smartphone Touchscreen Windows. Microsoft sees its affordable (and with Windows 10) Lumia 550 positioned in the low-cost sector of around 100 Euros (~$109). However, the smartphone does not really stand out, and the operating system doesn't run smoothly, either.. Â» Multimedia , Â» Gaming , Â» Lightweight Gaming Â» Budget Office , Â» Business , Â» Workstations Â» Subnotebooks , Â» Ultrabooks , Â» Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , Â». Best Notebooks for University Students Â». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series Â». Â» Tablets , Â» Windows Tablets Â» Smartphones. For the original German review, see here .. Microsoft's mobile operating system is not really getting anywhere. It still runs best in the low-cost sector. That is also where Microsoft's Lumia 550 is positioned. At a recommended price of 139 Euros (~$152), the device can be found for just 91 Euros (~$99) online. What does the buyer get? Features like a removable battery, LTE support, a casing made of solid plastic and a screen with a resolution of 1280x720 pixels.. The naming policy of Microsoft's smartphone is not easy to understand. However, the Lumia 550 might be seen as the successor of the Lumia 530 or Lumia 535 that we tested a year ago. Rivals are currently only found among Android devices, such as Sony's Xperia E4g , Samsung's Galaxy J1 and LG's Joy .. Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909 Qualcomm Adreno 304. Test device courtesy of notebooksbilliger.de. (download rating image as PNG or SVG ). Lumia 550 ( Lumia Series ). 4.7 inch 16:9, 1280 x 720 pixel, capacitive touchscreen, IPS, glossy: yes. 1 USB 2.0, Audio Connections: 3.5 mm audio jack, Card Reader: micro-SD max. 200 GB, Sensors: motion sensor, light sensor, proximity sensor. 802.11 b/g/n (b/g/n), Bluetooth 4.1, GSM (850/900/1800/1900), UMTS (850/900/2100), LTE (B1/B3/B7/B8/B20), LTE, GPS. height x width x depth (in mm): 9.9 x 136.1 x 67.8 ( = 0.39 x 5.36 x 2.67 in). 8 Wh, 2100 mAh Lithium-Ion, removeable, Battery runtime (according to manufacturer): 672 h, Talk time 2G (according to manufacturer): 16. h, Talk time 3G (according to manufacturer): 14. Primary Camera: 5 MPix f/2.4, AF, LED flash, videos @720p/30 fps Secondary Camera: 2 MPix f/2.8. Speakers: rear-sided speakers, Keyboard: virtual keyboard, charger, Office, Cortana, 24 Months Warranty, fanless. 142 g ( = 5.01 oz / 0.31 pounds), Power Supply: 32 g ( = 1.13 oz / 0.07 pounds). The Lumia 550 inherits the design language of most Lumias with rounded corners and a main body that is inserted into a rear-sided plastic tray. In contrast to the Lumia 535 , the shape is now a bit more angular giving the design a somewhat more serious look. The fact that the colors have been limited to only black and white also contributes to that. Other colors now seem to be out of fashion even for the low-cost Lumias.. The screen with a diagonal of 4.7-inches in the Lumia 550 is somewhat smaller than that of the predecessor. The dimensions have also been reduced: The Lumia 550 is shorter than and not as wide as the Lumia 535. On the other hand, its height of 9.9 millimeters bulges more visibly in the pocket.. The smartphone's front part fits firmly into the back cover. However, it can be dented clearly; pressure on both the front and rear quickly becomes visible on the screen. The Lumia 550 can also be twisted and also leads to image distortions. In view of the low price, the casing is throughout acceptable, but the buyer should not expect too much.. Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. In the end, the connectivity of the Lumia 550 is comparable with that of the Lumia 535. However, some significant differences are found after all. The Lumia 550 supports LTE speeds, which was not possible in the predecessor. In return, the Lumia 500's front-facing camera has a lower resolution, but the screen's resolution is higher.. 8 GB of flash memory and a micro-SD card slot are again incorporated as is a USB 2.0 port. Users were not pleased about the first version of Windows 10: The Internet is full of reports about crashes, low performance and difficulties with apps. In fact, the Windows 10 Mobile version preloaded on our Microsoft Lumia 550 is not particularly stable. However, Microsoft already offers an update to fix many bugs, and we quickly installed it. The system runs more stably and faster - but not error-free.. Microsoft has set itself the goal of bringing the mobile operating system and the desktop version of Windows closer. Therefore, both versions are based on the same software core. That is to make it possible for applications to run on smartphones and desktops at the same time, which is very interesting for business customers. Besides that, a Windows 10 smartphone can be turned into a mini PC with a Bluetooth keyboard and wireless screen via the so-called "Continuum" feature. However, Lumia 550 owners will not be able to use that; the handset simply lacks the hardware requirements.. Our review sample's biggest similarities to Windows 10 on a PC are primarily the personal assistant "Cortana" and the new settings menu that, like in Windows 10 desktop, is divided into categories and makes it considerably clearer. Besides that, searching for something in the menu is convenient. There are also multiple improvements in details in contrast to Windows Phone 8.1. However, the differences are not really significant on low-cost devices since "Continuum" is not supported.. Microsoft preloads its Office apps that allow editing Office documents seamlessly on the go. Otherwise, a lot of bloatware and adware, such as Amazon or Netflix, are also preloaded.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. As said, Microsoft installs a wireless module that also provides LTE Cat. 5 frequency bands are supported and maximum speeds of 150 MBit/s in downstream and 50 MBit/s in upstream are possible. We had a decent network quality in an urban area with the rather moderately developed German O2 E-Plus network in a short test. We usually had a signal strength of at least 3 bars even indoors.. The Lumia 550 connects to Wi-Fi via the 802.11 b/g/n standards. That is easily enough for fast browsing. However, techies will soon miss the high-speed 802.11 ac standard. We still had a signal strength of 3/4 at a distance of 10 meters to the Wi-Fi router (FritzBox 6490) and through three walls. Pages opened noticeably slower than when near the router.. The GPS module installed in the Lumia could even track us reliably indoors. We achieved an accuracy of approximately 13 meters outdoors via the "GPS Test" (does not correspond to the same-named Android app). We take the Lumia 550 along with the Garmin Edge 500 navigation system on a mountain bike tour for more precise data. Using the "Runtastic" app, we compare the devices with each other. The Lumia 550 measures roughly 200 meters more and the recorded speeds are also clearly different. The devices' altimeters do not agree with each other, either.. Both devices are accurate enough at the railway crossing and the trip through a residential area afterwards. However, the Garmin Edge 500 tracks the route a bit more precisely. The route that the Lumia 550 recorded on the riverside trip is far off the actual path, while the Garmin Edge 500 positions us quite accurately. The Lumia 550 should be sufficient for occasional navigating, but users shouldn't rely on it completely.. GPS Garmin Edge 500: forest path. GPS Microsoft Lumia 550: forest path. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Microsoft reworked the phone app and adapted it with the new looks of Windows 10 Mobile. Tabs with "Log", "Quick Dial" and "Keypad" are found in the upper area. We miss the direct search box of Android's phone app where a name can be entered particularly in the beginning. Here, the user first has to switch to the contact app in Window's phone app. Although a name can be entered via the keypad's number buttons, it is not as intuitive. Not tragic, but it is a minor inconvenience.. The sound via the earpiece is relatively clear, but it sometimes hums and is very treble-heavy. Our contact also finds the microphone very clear. Microsoft can be praised for its choice of components here.. The Lumia 535 still featured a 5-megapixel camera on both the rear and the front. Microsoft now makes some cutbacks here and relies only on a 2-megapixel camera on the front. That will disappoint selfie fans at first. However, the 5-megapixel camera on the rear shoots quite decent photos that are well-illuminated and still look sharp when zoomed. The photo of the reference card and its details make a relatively sharp total impression, although some lines are slightly frayed. Compared with the reference, the color reproduction also looks oversaturated in our test using standardized light conditions; the colors also seem too bright in total. The user should not rely too much on the camera in low-light conditions since the photos blur quickly. All in all, the rear camera makes a relatively good impression. Videos can only be recorded in 720p at 30 frames per second; they look overall quite sharp.. The front camera has a low resolution, and thus details are grainy. The photos are acceptable in terms of illumination and color reproduction.. Scene 1 Scene 2 Scene 3. Choose a scene and navigate within the first image. One click changes the position on touchscreens. One click on the zoomed-in image opens the original in a new window. The first image shows the scaled photograph of the test device.. Primary camera: color accuracy (above: camera's color, below: reference). A power supply with a fixed cable is in the smartphone's box. Users who want to connect the handset with a PC might have to buy a USB cable. No optional accessories are found on Microsoft's homepage, but replacement batteries are available in online shops for 20 Euros (~$21).. Microsoft includes a 24-month warranty on its Lumia smartphones.. Microsoft's virtual keyboard has a good reputation among mobile users, and typing is in fact very accurate despite the unusually narrow and tall keys. Microsoft also treats the keyboard to a small joystick, as known from Lenovo's ThinkPads for example, which allows controlling the cursor. Although this joystick looks very small, working with it is surprisingly accurate, and it truly makes routine easier.. A small microphone symbol on the upper edge opens voice dictation mode, and the input language can be changed easily via the space bar. Swiping across the keyboard is also an alternative input mode.. Buttons for volume up/down and standby mode are situated on the right. They are quite easy to reach and have a clear pressure point. The control bar in the screen's lower edge is only virtual and can always be faded in and out by swiping upwards so that it is not in the way.. In total, the touchscreen responds reliably to inputs even in the edges or corners.. Microsoft installs an IPS panel with a diagonal of 4.7-inches and a resolution of 1280x720 pixels in the Lumia 550. Thus, the screen has a considerably higher resolution than all comparison devices in this price range. The brightness is also very high. We measured an average of 535.4 cd/mÂ² and a maximum of 547 cd/mÂ². The illumination of 95% is also very even, and large areas look homogeneously illuminated. The realistic APL50 test records a brightness of 540 cd/mÂ² in the screen's center, which is not much of a difference.. 520 cd/m² 531 cd/m² 535 cd/m² 531 cd/m² 536 cd/m² 545 cd/m² 529 cd/m² 547 cd/m² 545 cd/m². 95 % Center on Battery: 536. cd/m²) ΔE Color 5.81 | 0.8-23.34 Ø6.4 ΔE Greyscale 7.72 | 0.64-98 Ø6.7 Gamma: 2.18. Microsoft Lumia 550 Adreno 304, 210 MSM8909, 8 GB eMMC Flash Sony Xperia E4g Mali-T760 MP2, MT6732, 8 GB eMMC Flash Samsung Galaxy J1 Mali-400 MP2, SC8830, 4 GB Flash Microsoft Lumia 535 Adreno 302, 200 MSM8212, 8 GB eMMC Flash LG Joy Adreno 302, 200 8210, 4 GB Flash Screen Brightness middle Brightness Brightness Distribution Black Level * Contrast Colorchecker DeltaE2000 * Greyscale DeltaE2000 * Gamma CCT Color Space (Percent of sRGB). The black level of 0.62 cd/mÂ² is relatively high. Black areas are thus strongly illuminated from the back and sooner look gray than saturated and deep. That also results in a middling contrast ratio of 865:1, making colors look somewhat paler than on other screens.. We use the CalMAN software and a spectrophotometer for a more detailed image analysis. Here, we discover a clear bluish tint in the image, making colors look cooler than in the original. The deviations to the sRGB reference color space are also quite high, but LG's Joy , for example, doubles them. Consequently, the Lumia 550 is in the lower midfield of the comparison devices in the end.. CalMAN ColorChecker (target color space: sRGB). CalMAN Colorspace (target color space: sRGB). CalMAN Grayscale (target color space: sRGB). CalMAN Saturation Sweeps (target color space: sRGB). Response Time Black to White 28 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 14 ms rise ↘ 14 ms fall The screen shows relatively slow response rates in our tests and may be too slow for gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.8 (minimum) to 240 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is similar to the average of all tested devices (26.5 ms). Response Time 50% Grey to 80% Grey 32 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 14 ms rise ↘ 18 ms fall The screen shows slow response rates in our tests and will be unsatisfactory for gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.9 (minimum) to 636 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is better than the average of all tested devices (42.3 ms).. Display response times show how fast the screen is able to change from one color to the next. Slow response times can lead to afterimages and can cause moving objects to appear blurry (ghosting). Gamers of fast-paced 3D titles should pay special attention to fast response times.. Screen Flickering / PWM (Pulse-Width Modulation) Screen flickering / PWM not detected. To dim the screen, some notebooks will simply cycle the backlight on and off in rapid succession - a method called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM). This cycling frequency should ideally be undetectable to the human eye. If said frequency is too low, users with sensitive eyes may experience strain or headaches or even notice the flickering altogether.. % of all tested devices do not use PWM to dim the display. If PWM was detected, an average of 9024 (minimum: 43 - maximum: 142900) Hz was measured.. The panel's high brightness is noticed favorably outdoors. However, the screen is reflective and often makes recognizing content difficult in bright sunlight. The Lumia 550 can be used outdoors quite well in total.. Thanks to the IPS technology, the viewing angles are very good in all four directions. The colors shift slightly into blue towards the left and right.. The SoC in the Lumia 550 is Qualcomm's Snapdragon 210 MSM8909. It has four cores and clocks at up to 1.1 GHz. An Adreno 304 is the graphics card. Not much should be expected from the smartphone's computing component. It is designed for entry-level smartphones and tablets and is consequently not very fast. However, Windows 8.1 was known for delivering a good performance even on slow SoCs. Windows 10 is similar when the newest update is installed. The performance was bad before the update. We were satisfied afterwards and could navigate quickly through the menu, and the Internet browsing speed was also clearly faster.. Comparisons with Android devices are difficult because many benchmarks do not function on Microsoft's devices or simply do not exist. Users focused on performance should take Sony's Xperia E4g. Its MediaTek SoC provides the highest performance. Our review sample ends up in the midfield and is roughly on par with the former Microsoft Lumia 535 .. AnTuTu v6 - Total Score (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 1920x1080 T-Rex HD Offscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. T-Rex HD Onscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. BaseMark OS II Web (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. Graphics (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. Memory (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. System (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. Overall (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. Mozilla Kraken 1.1 - Total Score (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. Octane V2 - Total Score (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. WebXPRT 2015 - Overall Score (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. JetStream 1.1 - 1.1 Total Score (sort by value) Microsoft Lumia 550. AnTuTu v6 | GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 | BaseMark OS II | Mozilla Kraken 1.1 | Octane V2 | WebXPRT 2015 | JetStream 1.1. 0 fps ∼0% -100%. 0 fps ∼0% -100%. 25.7 fps ∼6% +390%. 12 fps ∼3% +129%. 834 Points ∼49% +1058%. 367 Points ∼22% +410%. 541 Points ∼32% +651%. 10 Points ∼1% -86%. 389 Points ∼4% +105%. 189 Points ∼2% -1%. 65 Points ∼1% -66%. 274 Points ∼3% +44%. 505 Points ∼11% -26%. 593 Points ∼13% -13%. 185 Points ∼4% -73%. 345 Points ∼8% -50%. 1324 Points ∼13% +150%. 572 Points ∼6% +8%. 551 Points ∼5% +4%. 508 Points ∼5% -4%. 682 Points ∼18% +157%. 391 Points ∼10% +48%. 245 Points ∼6% -8%. 146 Points ∼4% -45%. 21884 ms * ∼37%. 11503 ms * ∼19% +47%. 27174.9 ms * ∼46% -24%. 19283.7 ms * ∼32% +12%. 17087.2 ms * ∼29% +22%. 3399 Points ∼7% +57%. 0 Points ∼0% -100%. 62 Points ∼8% +38%. 28 Points ∼3% -38%. 33 Points ∼4% -27%. Microsoft Lumia 550 Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909, Qualcomm Adreno 304, 8 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia E4g Mediatek MT6732, ARM Mali-T760 MP2, 8 GB eMMC Flash. Microsoft Lumia 535 Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8212, Qualcomm Adreno 302, 8 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy J1 Spreadtrum SC8830, ARM Mali-400 MP2, 4 GB Flash. LG Joy Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 8210, Qualcomm Adreno 302, 4 GB Flash. We tested the games Asphalt 8: Airborne and Angry Birds that are also available for Android to see how the Lumia 550 copes with gaming. The smartphone looks impressive thanks to short loading times and smooth gameplay in the relatively undemanding 2D game Angry Birds. It is already evident in the menu that the smartphone has much more work in Asphalt 8 , which represents a more sophisticated 3D racing game. The game flow is not quite as smooth, either. However, we did not observe any real stutters. Consequently, somewhat more demanding games should also basically be playable when absolutely smooth frame rates are unimportant.. Angry Birds runs without issues like the majority of undemanding games.. More sophisticated games like Asphalt 8: Airborne can also be played.. Microsoft does not have really good control over the waste heat produced by the performance components. Particularly the front's upper area heats up clearly at up to 45.9 Â°C. The temperatures on the rear are not much lower at 45.7 Â°C. Although that is not yet critical, it is very palpable, and definitely too high considering the SoC's relatively low performance. At least the temperatures are limited locally and are considerably lower in idle with a maximum 41 Â°C.. The battery test in GFXBench that repeats the same benchmark sequence 30 times shows that the frame rates remain stable even after longer load. Consequently, it is unlikely that the performance components will throttle.. 45.3 °C 43.3 °C 39.8 °C. 45.9 °C 37 °C 36.4 °C. 41.8 °C 35.7 °C 35.5 °C. Maximum: 45.9 °C Average: 40.1 °C. 42 °C 45.7 °C 45.4 °C 38.3 °C 40.5 °C 38.6 °C 37.5 °C 37.6 °C 35.9 °C. Maximum: 45.7 °C Average: 40.2 °C. 38.7 °C 32.8 °C 31.3 °C. 41 °C 31.3 °C 31.2 °C. 36.9 °C 31.4 °C 30.4 °C. Maximum: 41 °C Average: 33.9 °C. 30 °C 32.3 °C 34 °C 30.5 °C 31.2 °C 32.7 °C 28.9 °C 30.5 °C 30 °C. Maximum: 34 °C Average: 31.1 °C. The rear-sided speaker is quite powerful with almost 85 dB(A). However, the Pink Noise test clearly shows that low tones are virtually not rendered and the sound is focused on trebles. That leads to the typical smartphone sound that lacks bass. The speaker is sufficient for an occasional video or for sampling music, but it will not satisfy audiophile users in the long run.. The placement on the handset's back is also unfavorable because the speaker is easily covered by a finger or by a surface, which muffles the sound. An impeccable sound is produced when connecting a headset or speaker via the 3.5 mm jack.. The Lumia 550 is not a paragon in terms of power consumption. Although the smartphone in fact does not consume energy when turned off, the handset is quite guzzling in standby with 0.6 watts. However, the clock and notifications are displayed in black and white (Microsoft calls it Glance Screen). The minimum idle consumption is very low, but the medium and maximum consumption rates are also very high in return. The Lumia 550 requires a lot of energy during load: averagely 3.94 watts.. Off / Standby 0 / 0.6 Watt Idle 0.55 / 2.69 / 2.93 Watt. The battery in the Lumia 550 is quite enduring for the price range with 2100 milliampere-hours and 7.8 watt hours. It is actually too bad that this is hardly reflected in battery life. 7:25 hours of Wi-Fi browsing is not a bad rate, but it does not stand out from the comparison devices, either. The consumption during load is so high that the battery is depleted in just two hours.. We have to note that recharging with the included power supply takes a very long time. The battery is not even recharged by 40% after over an hour.. Idle (without WLAN, min brightness) 17h. NBC WiFi Websurfing Battery Test 1.3 7h. Big Buck Bunny H.264 1080p 6h. Microsoft Lumia 550 Adreno 304, 210 MSM8909, 8 GB eMMC Flash Sony Xperia E4g Mali-T760 MP2, MT6732, 8 GB eMMC Flash Microsoft Lumia 535 Adreno 302, 200 MSM8212, 8 GB eMMC Flash Samsung Galaxy J1 Mali-400 MP2, SC8830, 4 GB Flash LG Joy Adreno 302, 200 8210, 4 GB Flash Battery Runtime Reader / Idle H.264 WiFi v1.3 Load WiFi. + decent voice quality. + everyday suitable battery life. - long charging time. - pressure sensitive casing. - high power consumption in some cases. - software not absolutely stable. - some Win10 features not available. - front camera's low resolution. Microsoft demands a higher RRP for the Lumia 550 than for the precursor, but it also has more to offer with LTE support, a higher resolution screen and higher capacity battery. However, it should not be concealed that the pixel count of the front camera has been reduced and some applications like MixRadio or HereDrive+ are no longer installed. Some advantages of the Lumia 535 , such as a removable battery, micro-SD slot and swappable back cover, have been adopted. The screen in the Lumia 550 is slightly smaller than that of its predecessor, and it struggles with a few bugs in the new Windows 10 Mobile software version. Besides that, important features of the operating system, such as "Continuum" or logging in via iris scan, are not available for the Lumia 550.. Overall, the Lumia 550 is a decent smartphone at a bargain price, which is fast enough for routine use and which offers good equipment in form of a decent screen, LTE, micro-SD slot and removable battery for the small budget.. The casing makes a fairly good quality impression, but it is pressure sensitive. The reception is good, the voice quality convinces, and the primary camera shoots relatively good photos. The screen is bright and reproduces content decently. Handling is quite smooth and its performance is sufficient for most routine tasks. The battery life is suitable for everyday use. A street price of 90 Euros (~$98) for a smartphone does not give much room for complaint. Nevertheless, a slightly stiffer casing and better selfie camera would have suited the Lumia 550 well. Microsoft should rework the power consumption and the sometimes unstable software.. Microsoft Lumia 550 - 2016-02-26 02/26/2016 v5 Florian Wimmer. Read about the changes in the new rating version 5. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Reviews > Microsoft Lumia 550 Smartphone Review. 
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10. This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Powerful smartphones that help you do more.. WE Communications Microsoft Media Relations (503) 443-7070. Lumia Images Lumia Lumia 430 Lumia 435 Lumia 530 and Lumia 530 Dual SIM Lumia 532 Lumia 535 Lumia 540 Dual SIM Lumia 550 Lumia 640 and Lumia 640 XL Lumia 650 and Lumia 650 Dual SIM Lumia 730 Dual SIM Lumia 735 Lumia 830 Lumia 930 Lumia 950 Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Display Dock Microsoft Nokia Announcement Nokia 105 and Nokia 105 Dual SIM Nokia 215 Nokia 216 and Nokia 216 Dual SIM Nokia 222 and Nokia 222 Dual SIM Nokia 230 and Nokia 230 Dual SIM Nokia Windows Phone 8 Press Event Nokia World Other Devices. Microsoft redefines the laptop with Surface Book, ushers in new era of Windows 10 devices. on Tuesday unveiled new Surface, Lumia and Microsoft Band devices, taking advantage of powerful and versatile hardware to unlock new Windows 10 experiences, including fast and secured login with Windows Hello1; new Cortana2 experiences that turn Windows 10 devices into a personal assistant; improved touch and [… ellipsis ]. Microsoft Lumia 435 and Lumia 532: the most affordable Lumia devices to date. Meet the new Nokia 215, Microsoft’s most affordable Internet-ready phone. Microsoft Lumia 535: “5x5x5” innovation with an affordable price tag. New Nokia Lumia smartphones bring high-end imaging capabilities to more accessible price points. Microsoft Devices Group announces ultra-affordable mobile phone with music and video player for 19 euros. New Lumia 530 brings uncompromised smartphone performance under 100 euros. Microsoft Devices Group expands affordable smartphone portfolio with the Nokia X2. Microsoft officially welcomes the Nokia Devices and Services business. Experience Windows 10 with Lumia 550. Lumia 550 – Windows 10 for everyone. Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Lumia 950 [white] – side view. Lumia 950 [white] – The best of Windows 10, now on your phone. A phone as productive as you are. Lumia 950 [black] – side view. The most beautiful Lumia display yet. Lumia 950 XL white – side view. Lumia 950 XL [white] – Windows 10 at your fingertips. A phone as productive as you are. Experience Windows 10 with Lumia 950 XL. Lumia 950 XL black – side view. The most beautiful Lumia display yet. Satya Nadella & Stephen Elop share a moment together. Print ad for the Microsoft-Nokia agreement. Risto Siilasmaa, Steve Ballmer & Stephen Elop. Risto Siilasmaa, Steve Ballmer & Stephen Elop. Nokia 215 – White Single SIM. Nokia 215 – White Dual SIM. Nokia 215 – Green Single SIM. Nokia 215 – Green Dual SIM. Nokia 215 – Black Single SIM. Joe Belfiore Demos New Start Screen. Steve Ballmer at Nokia Press Conference. Nokia Lumia 710: White with Magenta Cover. Nokia Lumia 710: White with Cyan Back Cover. Nokia Lumia 710: Black Phone with White Cover. Nokia 710: Built for Social & Sharing. Nokia Lumia 710: White with Cyan Back Cover. Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM – Big on experience. Microsoft Office, OneDrive, Skype, Cortana and more – get all the latest Windows Phone experiences on the Lumia 535 Dual SIM. Plus fit more in your selfies with a wide-angle 5-megapixel front-facing camera, and enhance them with the Lumia Selfie app before sharing.. Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM – Big on experience. Microsoft Lumia 535 – Big on experience. Introduction to the Microsoft Lumia 535. Audio slideshow of Microsoft Nokia transaction conference call. Behind the lens of a 41MP Nokia Lumia 1020. Nokia Lumia 925 – More than your eyes can see. Nokia 216 and Nokia 216 Dual SIM. Nokia 230 and Nokia 230 Dual SIM. Nokia 222 and Nokia 222 Dual SIM. The new Nokia 105 and Nokia 105 Dual SIM. Nokia 215 and Nokia 215 Dual SIM. Lumia 650 and Lumia 650 Dual SIM. Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL. Lumia 532 and Lumia 532 Dual SIM. 530 and Lumia 530 Dual SIM. Welcome the new Nokia 230 and Nokia 230 Dual SIM. Nokia 222: Connect, capture, and share your world. The new Nokia 105 helps give people a voice. Meet the new Nokia 215, Microsoft’s most affordable Internet-ready phone. Nokia 215: our most affordable Internet-ready entry-level phone yet. Microsoft Lumia 650: sophisticated, meta design and Windows 10 under $200 USD. A New Era of Windows 10 Devices from Microsoft. Now available: the new Microsoft Lumia 550. Microsoft introduces Lumia 540 Dual SIM: crafted details and crisp, clear HD for under $150. The brand new Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 and Lumia 640 XL: keeping you prepared for anything. Announcing the Lumia 640 and Lumia 640 XL. Microsoft Lumia 435 and Lumia 532: the most affordable Lumia devices to date. All New: Microsoft launches the Lumia 435 and Lumia 532 smartphones. Microsoft Lumia 435 and Lumia 532: the most affordable Lumia devices to date. All New: Microsoft launches the Lumia 435 and Lumia 532 smartphones. Buy online, pick up in store. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Order before 19.00 = Dispatched Today. Shipping globally with UPS & GLS. English Deutsche Español Français Nederlands Italiano English. All All Repair Tools Apple LG Samsung Sony Nokia OnePlus Asus Acer Huawei Motorola HTC Alcatel Blackberry Microsoft Wiko Lenovo Xiaomi Wiha Multiline. Menu BECOME OUR PARTNER LOGIN TO YOUR ACCOUNT CHECK YOUR CART ( 0 ). Free shipping above €150 High Quality assurance Always the newest products available 24/7 assistance by experts. Filter products by Spare parts (4) Accessories (40) LCD / Touchscreens (1). Apple iPhone iPhone X iPhone 8 Plus iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPhone SE iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 6S iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6G iPhone 5S iPhone 5C iPhone 5G iPhone 4S iPhone 4G iPhone 3G iPhone 3GS iPad iPad Pro (9.7) - (2nd Gen) iPad (2017) iPad Pro (12.9) iPad Pro (10.5) iPad Pro (9.7) iPad Air 2 iPad Air iPad Mini 4 iPad Mini 3 iPad Mini 2 iPad Mini iPad 4 iPad 3 iPad 2 iPad 1 iPad Pro (12.9) - (2nd Gen) iPod iPod Touch 6 iPod Touch 5 iPod Touch 4 iPod Touch 2 iPod Touch 3 iPod Nano 7 iPod Nano 6 iPod Nano 5 iPod Nano 4 iPod Nano 3 iPod Classic Watch Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Apple Watch 42mm Apple Watch 38mm Samsung Galaxy S G965F Galaxy S9 Plus G960F Galaxy S9 G955F Galaxy S8 Plus G950F Galaxy S8 G935F Galaxy S7 Edge G930F Galaxy S7 G928F Galaxy S6 Edge Plus G925F Galaxy S6 Edge G920F Galaxy S6 G903F Galaxy S5 Neo G901F Galaxy S5 Plus G900F Galaxy S5 G800F Galaxy S5 Mini G870 Galaxy S5 Active I9515 Galaxy S4 Value Edition I9506 Galaxy S4 Advance I9505 Galaxy S4 i9500 Galaxy S4 (3G) I9195i Galaxy S4 Mini Plus I9195 Galaxy S4 Mini I9300i Galaxy S3 Neo I9300 Galaxy S3 I9305 Galaxy S3 Plus I8200 Galaxy S3 Mini VE I8190 Galaxy S3 Mini i9105 Galaxy S2 Plus i9100 Galaxy S2 I9000 Galaxy S1 i9295 Galaxy S4 Active G925i Galaxy S6 Edge (Latin America) I9070 Galaxy S Advance SM-G930V Galaxy S7(USA) C1010 Galaxy S4 Zoom Galaxy Note N950F Galaxy Note 8 N930 Galaxy Note 7 N920 Galaxy Note 5 N915 Galaxy Note Edge N910F Galaxy Note 4 N9005 Galaxy Note 3 N7505 Galaxy Note 3 Neo N7105 Galaxy Note 2 Plus N7100 Galaxy Note 2 N7000 Galaxy Note 1 Galaxy A SM-A530F Galaxy A8 2018 SM-A720F Galaxy A7 2017 SM-A520F Galaxy A5 2017 SM-A320F Galaxy A3 2017 A710F Galaxy A7 2016 A510F Galaxy A5 2016 A310F Galaxy A3 2016 A700F Galaxy A7 A500F Galaxy A5 A300F Galaxy A3 A800F Galaxy A8 SM-A730F Galaxy A8 Plus 2018 Galaxy J J730F Galaxy J7 2017 J710 Galaxy J7 2016 J700 Galaxy J7 G570F Galaxy J5 Prime J530F Galaxy J5 2017 J510 Galaxy J5 2016 J500F Galaxy J5 J330F Galaxy J3 2017 J320 Galaxy J3 2016 J120 Galaxy J1 2016 J110 Galaxy J1 Ace J105 Galaxy J1 Mini J100 Galaxy J1 J200 Galaxy J2 Galaxy E E700 Galaxy E7 E500 Galaxy E5 Galaxy SM-G6000 Galaxy on7 SM-G5500 Galaxy On5 SM-G532 Grand Prime 2016 G531 Galaxy Grand Prime VE G390F - Galaxy Xcover 4 G388F Galaxy Xcover 3 G361 Galaxy Core Prime VE G530 Galaxy Grand Prime G850F Galaxy Alpha G360 Galaxy Core Prime I9060i Galaxy Grand Neo Plus G357F Galaxy Ace 4 G7200 Galaxy Grand 3 I9082 Galaxy Grand Duos G318H Galaxy Trend 2 Lite S7562 Galaxy Trend Duos I9060 Galaxy Grand Neo I8260 Galaxy Core G386F Galaxy Core Lite G7102 Galaxy Grand 2 S7580 Galaxy Trend Plus S6790 Galaxy Fame Lite I8160 Galaxy Ace 2 I9152 Galaxy Mega 5.8 S6810 Galaxy Fame S5660 Galaxy Gio S6500D Galaxy Mini 2 B5510 Galaxy Y Pro (TXT) S5690 Galaxy Xcover S5830 Galaxy Ace S5830i Galaxy Ace VE S5300 Galaxy Pocket S7275 Galaxy Ace 3 S5570 Galaxy Mini G350 Galaxy Core Plus G310 Galaxy Ace Style S6310 Galaxy Young G110 Galaxy Pocket 2 S5312 Galaxy Pocket Neo Duos I8552 Galaxy Win Duos S7262 Galaxy Star Pro S7500 Galaxy Ace Plus G355 Galaxy Core 2 G750 Galaxy Mega 2 S7710 Galaxy Xcover 2 S5360 Galaxy Y S7390 Galaxy Trend Lite S7560 Galaxy Trend G130 Galaxy Young 2 G313 Galaxy Trend 2 S5310 Galaxy Pocket Neo G3815 Galaxy Express 2 I9200 Galaxy Mega 6.3 I8262 Galaxy Core Duos I9080 Galaxy Grand I9250 Galaxy Nexus i9205 Galaxy Mega 6.3 I8730 Galaxy Express I9260 Galaxy Premier C115 Galaxy K Zoom i8150 - Galaxy W S6102 - Galaxy Y Duos G610F Galaxy J7 Prime S5670 Galaxy Fit I8530 Galaxy Beam G5108Q Galaxy Core Max B5512 Galaxy Y Pro Duos B7510 Galaxy Pro B7800 Galaxy M Pro S7250 Wave M Galaxy Tablet SM-T825 Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 SM-T820 Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 SM-T819 Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 SM-T815 Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 SM-T810 Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 SM-T719 Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 T585 Galaxy Tab A 10.1 T580 Galaxy Tab A 10.1 T280 Galaxy Tab A 7.0 T285 Galaxy Tab A 7.0 SM-P550 Galaxy Tab A 9.7 SM-T550 Galaxy Tab A 9.7 T355 Samsung Galaxy Tab (3G/LTE) T350 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (WiFi) SM-T561 Galaxy Tab E 9.6 SM-T560 Galaxy Tab E 9.6 SM-T330 Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 SM-T211 Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 SM-T210 Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 SM-P600 Galaxy Note 10.1 SM-P605 Galaxy Note 10.1 4G SM-P905 Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 SM-P900 Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 T805 Galaxy Tab S 10.5 T800 Galaxy Tab S 10.5 SM-T715 Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 SM-T710 Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 T705 Galaxy Tab S 8.4 T700 Galaxy Tab S 8.4 T900 Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2 SM-T530 Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 T525 Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 T520 Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 SM-T116 Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 SM-P3100 Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 SM-P3110 Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 GT-P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus GT-P5200 Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 GT-P5210 Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 GT-P6800 Galaxy Tab 7.7 GT-N8000 Galaxy Note 10.1 GT-N8010 Galaxy Note 10.1 GT-P5100 Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 GT-P5110 Galaxy Tab 10.1 SM-T111 Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 SM-T230 Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 SM-T110 Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 SM-T113 Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 VE GT-P7510 Galaxy Tab 10.1 GT-P7500 Galaxy Tab 10.1 SM-T310 Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 SM-T311 Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 GT-N5110 Galaxy Note 8.0 GT-N5100 Galaxy Note 8.0 T230 Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 T555 Galaxy Tab A 9.7 T360 Galaxy Tab Active T365 Galaxy Tab Active SM-T320 Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 T325 Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 GT-P1000 Galaxy Tab GT-P7300 Galaxy Tab 8.9 P3200 Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 SM-T231 Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 GT-P5110 Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 GT-P7100 Galaxy Tab 10.1v Other Samsung Models i8750 Ativ S S5230 Star All models S3310 E630 M600 B7722 S3500 S5250 Wave525 S5260 Star II S5200 S3650 Corby B5702 C6112 D840 G600 I900 Omnia i9020 Google Nexus S E840 E900 U800 Soul b U700 S7070 Diva M8800 Pixon S8300 UltraTouch B3410 Star Qwerty S8000 Jet S5560 Marvel S7230 Wave TouchWiz S8500 Wave I8000 Omnia II S3850 Corby II S3350 Ch@t 335 S5530 LG LG G Series G6 (H870) G5 G4 Stylus (H631n) G4 (H815) G4 Beat (H735) G4C (H525n) G3 (D855) G3 S (D722) G2 (D802) G2 (D800) G2 Mini (D620) G Pro 2 (D837) G Pro Lite (D682) G Flex (F340) Optimus G (E975) G Flex 2 (H955) G Flex (D955, D959, D950) K Series K10 (2017) K8 (2017) K4 (2017) K10 (K420N) K7 (MS330/LS675) K8 (K350n) K4 (K120E) X Power (K220) X Cam (K580) X Screen (K500N) H Series V30 (H930) V20 (H990) V10 (H960) Magna (H500N) Leon (H340n) Spirit (H440n) Q Series Q8 (H970) Q6 (LGM700N) LG Nexus Nexus 5x Nexus 5 (D820) Nexus 4 (E960) L Series L Bello 2 (X150) L Bello (D311) L Fino (D290) L90 (D405n) L80 (D380) L70 (D320n) L65 (D280) L50 (D213n) L40 (D160) Optimus Optimus G Pro (E986) Optimus L3 (E400) Optimus L7 II (P710) Optimus Black (P970) Optimus L3 II (E435) Optimus L9 (P760) Optimus L5 (E610) Optimus 2X Speed (P990) Optimus L9 II (D605) Optimus L5 II (E460) Optimus 4X HD (P880) Optimus L7 (P700) Optimus F5 (P875) Optimus 3D (P920) Optimus F6 (D500) Optimus L7 II Dual (P715) Optimus Sol (E730) Optimus 3D Max (P720) Optimus L4 II (E440) Optimus 7 (E900) Optimus 7Q (C900) Optimus Me (P350) Optimus Pro (C660) F Series F70 (D315) F60 LG Tablet V500 G Pad 8.3 V400 G Pad 7.0 Other LG Models X Power II (M320) Prada 3.0 (P940) Escape (P870) Arena (KM900) Chocolate (KG800) Shine (KE970) KC550 GW620 Shine (KU970) CU915 Vu Stylus 2 Plus (MS550) GB220 Kate GB230 Julia GB250 GD330 GD350 GS290 Cookie Fresh GW300 InTouch GM360 Viewty Snap Cookie 3G T320 C300 Town Rythm (AX585) Shine (KE770) KF310 KP100 GS170 GB102 300G KP215 KP110 KP105 CB630 Invision KU385 A170 Cube C360 GB100 GB101 GB106 GB110 GM205 GS106 GS105 KU250 T500 Sony Xperia Xperia XZ1 (G8341, G8342) Xperia XZ1 Compact (G8441) Xperia L1 (G3311) Xperia XZ Premium (G8141) Xperia XA1 Ultra (G3221) Xperia XA1 (G3121) Xperia XZs (G8231) Xperia X Ultra Xperia XZ (F8331) Xperia X Compact (F5321) Xperia X Performance (F8131) Xperia XA Ultra (F3211, F3213, F3215) Xperia XA (F3111) Xperia X (F5121) Xperia E5 (F3311) Xperia Z5 Premium (E6853) Xperia Z5 (E6603/E6653) Xperia Z5 Compact (E5803/E5823) Xperia Z3 Plus/Z4 (E6533) Xperia Z3 Compact (D5803) Xperia Z3 (D6603) Xperia Z3 Dual (D6633) Xperia Z2 (D6502/D6503) Xperia Z1 (L39h) Xperia Z1 Compact (D5503) Xperia Z (L36h) Xperia Z Ultra (XL39H/C6802/C6806/C6833) Xperia T3 (D5102) Xperia T2 Ultra (D5303) Xperia T (LT30) Xperia C5 Ultra (E5553) Xperia C4 (E5303) Xperia C3 (D2533) Xperia C (C2305) Xperia M5 (E5603) Xperia M4 Aqua (E2303/E2306/E2353) Xperia M2 Aqua D2403 Xperia M2 (D2303) Xperia M (C1905) Xperia E4G (E2003) Xperia E4 (E2105) Xperia E3 (D2202) Xperia E1 (D2005) Xperia E (C1505) Xperia V (LT25i) Xperia ZR (M36h) Xperia ion (LT28i) Xperia Miro (ST23i) Xperia L (C2105) Xperia TX (LT29i) Xperia SP (C5503) Xperia Tipo (ST21i) Xperia Go (ST27i) Xperia Acro S (LT26) Xperia J (ST26i) Xperia U (ST25i) Xperia Arc (LT15i) Xperia S (LT26) Xperia P (LT22i) Xperia ZL (L35h) Xperia PLAY (R800) Xperia Ray (ST18i) Xperia Arc S (Lt18i) Xperia Neo (MT15) Xperia X Performance Xperia X Xperia Tablet Xperia Z3 Tablet Compact Xperia Z4 Tablet Xperia Z2 Tablet (SGP521) Xperia Z Tablet (SGP311) Ericsson W910 W580 S500 Ericsson C902 Ericsson W910 Ericsson K770 Ericsson W350 Ericsson C903 Ericsson W595 Ericsson W580 Ericsson S500 Ericsson Aino Ericsson C905 Ericsson W880 Ericsson W995 Ericsson W705 Ericsson G705 Ericsson Xperia X10 Ericsson Vivaz (U5) Ericsson K800 Ericsson W760 Ericsson Xperia mini pro (SK17) Ericsson Xperia mini (ST15i) Microsoft Microsoft Lumia Lumia 1030 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Lumia 650 Lumia 640 XL Lumia 640 Lumia 550 Lumia 540 Lumia 535 Lumia 435 Lumia 430 Nokia HMD Series 8 (TA-1004) 7 (TA-1041) 6 (2018) (TA-1054) 6 (TA-1033) 5 (TA-1024) 3 (TA-1032) 2 (TA-1035) Lumia Lumia 1520 Lumia 1320 Lumia 1020 Lumia 930 Lumia 920 Lumia 925 Lumia 900 Lumia 830 Lumia 820 Lumia 800 Lumia 730 Lumia 720 Lumia 710 Lumia 635 Lumia 630 Lumia 625 Lumia 620 Lumia 610 Lumia 530 Lumia 520 Lumia 510 Lumia 505 Asha Series Asha 503 Asha 501 Asha 500 Asha 311 Asha 309 Asha 308 Asha 306 Asha 305 Asha 303 Asha 300 Asha 210 C-Series C7 C6-01 C6 C5-06 C5-05 C5-04 C5-03 C5 8MP C5 C3-01 C2-06 C2-05 C2-03 C2-02 C2-01 C2-00 C1-02 C1-01 C1-00 E-Series E90 Communicator E75 E72 E71 E7 E66 E63 E61i E6 E55 E52 E5 N-Series N97 N97 Mini N96 N95 8GB N95 N900 N9 N86 N85 N82 N81 N8 N79 N78 N76 N75 N73 X-Series X7 X Plus XL X X3 X3-02 X2-05 X2 Dual SIM 8xxx Series 8800 8800 Gold Arte 8800 Arte 8800 Sapphire Arte 8800 Carbon Arte 8600 Luna 7xxx Series 7610 Supernova 7390 7310 7230 7210 7100 Supernova 7070 Prism 6xxx Series 6788 6730 Classic 6710 Navigator 6700 Slide 6700 Classic 6600 Fold 6600i Slide 6600 Slide 6500 Slide 6500 Classic 6303i Classic 6303 Classic 6300 6270 6233 6230i 6220 Classic 6216 Classic 6212 Classic 6210 Navigator 6111 6110 Navigator 5xxx Series 5730 XpressMusic 5700 5630 5610 XpressMusic 5530 XpressMusic 5330 XpressMusic 5310 5250 5220 XpressMusic 3xxx Series 3720 Classic 3600 Slide 3220 3120 Classic 3110 Classic 3109 Classic 3310 (4G) 2xxx Series 2760 2720 2680 Slide 2660 2330 Classic 2310 1xxx Series 1800 1616 1600 1280 1208 1200 1100 xxx Series 600 515 500 301 206 113 111 109 101 100 225 Other Nokia Models Oro OnePlus All OnePlus Models 5T (A5010) 5 (A5005) X 3T Three Two One Asus Phone Padfone 2 (A68) Zenfone 2 (ZE500CL) Zenfone 2 Laser (ZE500KL) ZenFone 6 (A600CG) ZenFone 5 (A500CG) Zenfone 4(2014) Zenfone 3 (ZE552KL) Zenfone 3 Max (ZC520TL) Zenfone 3 (ZE520KL) Zenfone 3 Zoom (ZE553KL) Asus Tablet MeMO Pad 7 (ME176) MeMO Pad Smart 10 (ME301) VivoTab (TF600) VivoTab (TF810) Transformer Prime (TF201) Transformer Pad (TF300T) MeMO Pad HD 7 (ME173X) MeMO Pad 10 (ME102A) MeMO Pad HD 7 (ME371X) Transformer Pad (TF101G) MeMO Pad 7 (ME170C) Transformer Pad (TF103C) Transformer Pad (TF303) MeMO Pad 8 (ME181) MeMO Pad HD 8 (ME180) MeMo Pad 10.1 (ME301) Transformer Pad (TF303K/TF303CL) MeMo Pad FHD 10 (ME302C) VivoTab Smart (ME400C) ASUS Fonepad 7 (ME372CG) Asus Notebook VivoBook (X202E) 2 in 1 PC Transformer Book (T100TA) Tranformer Book (T200) Transformer Book (T300TA) Transformer Book (T200TA) Asus Nexus Nexus 7 (1st Gen 2012) Nexus 7 (2nd Gen 2013) Acer Liquid Liquid Z6 Liquid S2 (S520) Liquid Z630S Liquid M330 Liquid Zest Plus Liquid Zest (Z525) Liquid E600 Liquid Z630 Liquid Z625 Liquid Z530 Liquid Z330 Liquid Jade Z (S57) Liquid Jade S (S56) Liquid Jade S (S55) Liquid Z5 Z150 Liquid Z5 Z500 Liquid Z520 Liquid Z4 Z410 Liquid E3 E380 Liquid E700 Liquid E1 V360 Liquid Z4 Z160 Liquid Z4 Z140 Liquid E2 V370 Liquid Z3 Liquid Z200 Liquid Z220 Liquid S1 S150 Liquid M220 Acer Tablet Iconia Tab B1-70 Iconia Tab A510 Iconia Tab A700 Iconia Tab A200 Iconia Tab A1-810 Iconia Tab A500 Iconia Tab A3-A20 Iconia Tab W700 Iconia Tab A3-A10 Iconia Tab W510 Iconia Tab 7 (A1-713HD) Iconia Tab 8 (A1-840FHD) Iconia Tab A1-830 Huawei P Series P10 Plus P10 Lite P8 Lite 2017 (PRA-LX1) P10 P9 Plus P9 P9 Lite P8 Max P8 P8 Lite Ascend P7 Ascend P6 Ascend P1 Honor Honor 9 (STF-L09) Honor V9 Play Honor 8 Pro Honor 8 Honor 7 Honor 7X (BND-L21) Honor 6 Plus Honor 6 Honor 5X Honor 4A Honor 4C Honor 4X Honor 3C Honor (U8860) Y6 II 2016 (Honor 5A) Honor View 10 Mate Mate 10 Pro (BLA-L29) Mate 10 (ALP-L29) Mate 10 Lite Mate 9 Pro Mate 9 Mate 9 Lite (BLL-L23) Ascend Mate 8 Ascend Mate 7 Mate S Ascend Mate 2 (4G) Ascend Mate 1 (MT1-U06) Y Series Y7 Prime Y7 Y6 2017 Y5 III 2017 Y3 2017 Y6 II 2016 (Honor 5A) Y5 II 2016 (Honor 5) Y6 Pro/Enjoy 5 Y6 Y5 Y3 II Ascend Y560 Ascend Y550 Ascend Y530 Ascend Y300 Ascend Y630 Ascend Y330 Ascend Y625 Ascend Y360 Ascend Y520 Ascend Y540 Ascend Y635 Ascend Y200 Ascend Y210 Y6 II Compact (LYO-L21) G Series GR5 2017 (Honor 6X) Ascend G9 Plus Ascend G7 Plus GR5 GR3 G8 Ascend G6 Ascend G7 Ascend G620S Ascend G630 Ascend G610 Ascend G510 Ascend G700 Ascend G750 Ascend G525 Ascend G535 Ascend G615 Ascend G600 Ascend G620 Ascend G530 GR5 2017 Huawei Nexus Nexus 6P Tablet MediaPad 10 (S10-201) MediaPad 7 (S7-701u) Other Huawei Models Nova 2 Plus Nova 2 Nova Plus Nova ShotX Ascend W2 Ascend D1 Ascend W1 T-Mobile Comet Ascend M860 E5/E5830/E5832/E5836/E5838 U7519 U8220 U8230 Ideos X5 (U8800) U9120 Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play (2nd Gen) (XT1710) Moto Z (XT1650) Moto Z Play (XT1635) Moto Z2 Force (XT1789) Moto X Moto X (4th gen) (XT1900) Moto X Style (XT1572) Moto X Play (XT1562) Moto X (2nd Gen XT1096) Moto X (XT1052) Moto X Force Moto G Moto G5S Plus (XT1803) Moto G5 Plus (XT1685) Moto G5 (XT1675) Moto G4 Plus (XT1644) Moto G4 (XT1625) Moto G4 Play (XT1067) Moto G (3rd Gen XT1541) Moto G (2nd Gen XT1068) Moto G (XT1032) Moto E Moto E Plus (4th Gen.) (XT1770) Moto E (4th Gen XT1766) Moto E (2nd Gen XT1505) Moto E (XT1021) Moto M Moto M (XT1663) Motorola Nexus Nexus 6 (XT1100) Moto C Moto C (XT1750) Moto C Plus (XT1723) Other Motorola Models Photon 4G RAZR2 V8 RAZR2 V9 RAZR2 V9x DEFY (MB525) BRAVO (MB520) MILESTONE 3 (XT860) DROID 3 (XT862) ATRIX 4G (MB860) DROID X (MB810) DROID X2 (MB870) DROID 1 (A855) DROID 2 (A955) DROID PRO (A957) CLIQ XT/QUENCH (MB501) CLIQ/DEXT (MB200) V365 VE465 i880 i885 C290 EM28 W175 W230 W233 Renew RAZR i (XT890) DROID RAZR M (XT907) KRZR K1 L2 L6 RAZR V3x SLVR L7 Sidekick Slide Adventure V750 Clutch i465 i335 ic402 ic502 Renegade V950 HTC U U Play U Ultra U11 One 10 Evo 10 One A9S One X9 One A9 One M9 Plus One M9 One M8s One M8 One Mini 2 (M8 Mini) One M7 One Mini (M4) One X One X Plus One Max One V One SV One S One E8 Desire Desire 10 Pro Desire 10 Lifestyle Desire 830 Desire 826 Desire 825 Desire 828 Desire 820 Desire Eye Desire 816 Desire 816G Desire 816H Desire 816W Desire 728 Desire 650 Desire 630 Desire 628 Desire 626 Desire 620 Desire 620G Desire 610 Desire 601 Desire 600 Desire 530 Desire 526 Desire 516 Desire 510 Desire 500 Desire 320 Desire 310 Desire 300 Desire HD Desire Desire C Desire HD2 Desire S Desire V Desire VC Desire X Desire Z Windows Windows 8s Windows 8x Other HTC Models Nexus 9 Sensation XL G21 Sensation XE G18 Sensation G14 Butterfly 2 Butterfly X920e Wildfire S Wildfire (G8) Nexus One (G5) Legend (G6) 7 Trophy Droid DNA (Butterfly DNA) HD Mini Hero Incredible S ChaCha (G16) Rhyme (G20) Aria (G9) Raider 4G (G19) Titan EVO 3D (G17) Explorer HD7 Salsa (G15) DROID Incredible 2 Touch HD Alcatel OneTouch Idol OneTouch Idol 3 5.5 (OT-6045) OneTouch Idol 3 4.7 (OT-6039) OneTouch Idol 2 Mini S (OT-6036) OneTouch Idol X (6040D) OneTouch Idol S (OT-6034) OneTouch Idol Mini 2 (OT-6016) OneTouch Idol 2S (OT-6050) OneTouch Idol Alpha (OT-6032) OneTouch Idol 4 (OT-6055) OneTouch Idol 4s (OT-6070K) OneTouch Pop OneTouch Pop C9 (7047D) OneTouch Pop C7 (7041X) OneTouch Pop C5 (5036X) OneTouch Pop C3 (4033) OneTouch Pop S7 (OT-7045) OneTouch Pop D5 (5038D) OneTouch Pop 3 5.0 (5065X) OneTouch Pop 3 (5015D) OneTouch X Pop (OT-5035) OneTouch Pop 2 (5042) OneTouch Pop 3 (OT-5025) OneTouch Pop 3 (OT-5054) OneTouch Pop Star (OT-5022) OneTouch Pop 4 Plus (OT-5056) OneTouch Pop 4S (OT-5095) OneTouch Pop S3 (OT-5050) OneTouch Pop S9 (OT-7050) OneTouch Pop 4S (OT-5095K) OneTouch Pop 4 (OT-5051D) OneTouch Pop 4 Plus (OT-5056D) OneTouch Pixi OneTouch Pixi 3 (OT-4027) OneTouch Pixi 3 (OT-4013D) OneTouch Pixi 3 3.5 (OT-4009) OneTouch Pixi 4 (OT-8050) OneTouch Pixi 4 (OT-4034) OneTouch Pixi 4 (OT-5045) OneTouch Pixi 4 (5) (OT-5010D) Other Alcatel Models Go Play LTE (OT-7048) All models Vodafone V860 Smart II Google Pixel Pixel 2 XL (G011C) Pixel 2 (G011A) Pixel XL (G-2PW2200) Pixel (G-2PW4200) Blackberry BB 10 Priv Passport Q20 Classic Z3 Leap Z30 Z10 Q10 Q5 Porsche Design P9983 Porsche Design P9982 Porsche Design P9981 Bold Bold 9700 Bold 9900 Bold 9000 Bold 9790 Curve Curve 9380 Curve 9370 Curve 9360 Curve 9350 Curve 9320 Curve 9300 (3G) Curve 9220 Curve Javelin 8900 Curve 8520 Torch 9860 Torch Torch 9850 Torch 9810 Torch 9800 Other Blackberry Models KEYone DTEK60 DTEK50 9720 9630 Tour 9550 Storm 2 Storm 9530 Storm2 (9520) Storm 9500 Pearl 9105 Pearl 9100 Wiko All Wiko Models Darkside Lenny Cink Five Birdy Kite Bloom Sunset Ozzy Wax Cink Goa Stairway Rainbow Iggy Lenny 2 Darknight Cink Peax Cink Peax 2 Sunset 2 Jimmy Cink Slim Rainbow 4G Pulp 4G Rainbow Lite Ridge FAB Lenny 3 Fever U Feel Pulp FAB Lenovo All Lenovo Models P2 Tab 2 (A7-30F A3300) IdeaTab (A1000) IdeaTab (A3000) IdeaTab (A5000) IdeaTab (A3500 A7-50) Tab S8-50 (F/L/LC) Tab A8-50 (F/L/LC) Tab 2 (A10-70F A7600) IdeaTab (A7-30 A3300) A6000 A6000 Plus A850+ A880 A916 A889 S856 A536 S820 S650 A606 A60 A65 A390 A680 A1000 A2010 A850 S880 IdeaPhone K860 S890 A830 S5000 Xiaomi All Xiaomi Models Mi 6 Mi 3 Mi 4i Redmi Note 3 Redmi Note 2 Mi 5 Redmi 3 Mi 4c Mi 4 Redmi 2 Redmi Note 4 Redmi Pro Redmi 4 Redmi 4A Mi 5s Plus Redmi Note 5A Mi 2 Mi 2s Mi 5s Mi 4s Mi Note Mi Note Pro Mi Note 2 Redmi Redmi 1s Redmi Note Redmi 3s Redmi 3 Pro Redmi 3x Redmi Note 4X Mi Max Redmi 5A Mi 5c CAT Smartphone S60 S50 S50c S40 S30 B15 B15Q Repair Tools Screwdriver Tweezers Pliers Materials ESD Safe Rework Stations Opening Tools Other tools Precision Tools Refurbishing Tools LCD Molds OCA & Polarizer Cleaning Materials Machines Glass LCD Frame Tapes/Adhesives Backlight Materials ZTE Blade L5 Plus A570 Blade L5 Plus Blade A570 Blade L3 Blade A452 Blade L2 Blade AF5 Blade G (V815) Blade V6 Blade D6 Blade X7 Blade A610 Other V889 Q701 U968 N968 Q503 V987 N986 N9835 Q802 Z975 U988 V5 Lux Redbull V5 V9180 Grand Grand S II S291 Nubia nubia Z7 mini Routers and Modems MF91 Meizu MX Series MX5 MX3 MX4 PRO M Series M2 M3 Note M5 Note U Series U10. Samsung J320 Galaxy J3 2016 LCD Display + Touchscreen GH97-18414A White. Livon Apple iPhone 6G/iPhone 6S/iPhone 7/iPhone 8 Tempered Glass Bundle Pack 10 Pieces. Multiline Power Charging Lightning-USB to USB-cable 2 meter - Wit. Multiline Powerbox Line - Powerbank 2600 mAh - Zwart. What we assure you at GPC At the factory, at arrival & at the shipment Service for repair centers, shops and retail Low prices, high quality and fast deliveries New spare parts, accessoires and repair tools Provided by UPS & GLS. Multiline Chargers Available in Brand New Product & Packing Design Spare Parts & Accessories for new iPhone 8 OnePlus 5 Spare Parts now available at GPC. Microsoft Lumia 550 | Repair Parts, LCD Screens & Touchscreen/Digitzers, Accessories and tools. Home / Microsoft / Microsoft Lumia / Lumia 550. On this page you can find all spare parts, repair parts, accessories and tools for the Microsoft Lumia 550. We offer a wide range of spare parts, accessories and tools, but if you can’t find a specific product for the Microsoft Lumia 550, then feel free to request this via email or phone.. Sort By Position Name Price Product Type Product position Set Descending Direction. Page: 1 2 3 Next. Microsoft Lumia 550 LCD Display + Touchscreen Black. Microsoft Lumia 550/Lumia 950/Lumia 950 XL/Lumia 650 Simcard reader Connector 5469D71. Acer Microsoft Lumia 550 Battery BL-T5A. 530 Cleaning Spray for Opening and Refurbishing. Livon Microsoft Lumia 550 Tempered Glass 0.3mm - 2,5D. Joyroom JR-ZS108 Smart Phone Car Mount Holder Black. Sort By Position Name Price Product Type Product position Set Descending Direction. Page: 1 2 3 Next. My account My orders My addresses My account info. Information About us Blog Working at GPC. Customer Service Returns & Exchanges Shipping & Payment options Help & FAQ. Signup for our newsletter to receive information about the latest products and price-drops. Count me in! Keep me updated. 
List of Windows 10 Mobile devices. Smartphone , Phablet , Tablet. Windows 10 Mobile , Windows Phone. www .microsoft .com /en /mobile /. Partnership between Microsoft and Nokia [ edit ]. Acquisition of Nokia's mobile phone business [ edit ]. Under Microsoft ownership [ edit ]. Double tap the screen to turn on. New settings and processing algorithms for the Nokia Pro Camera. Tutorial mode for the Nokia Pro Camera. Bracketing mode for the Nokia Pro Camera. New settings and processing algorithms for the Nokia Smart Camera. Nokia Best Shot in the Nokia Smart Camera captures a moving object multiple times. Motion Focus in the Nokia Smart Camera places focus on moving objects. Support for colourful profiles in the Display+Touch Settings menu. FM Radio support [90] [91]. New ringtones (Bloom, Breathing, Dawn, Launch, and Wobbles). Up to 10% improved battery life (varies per device). Enables Nokia Video Trimmer and Nokia Video Upload. An app folder app similar to those on the Android and iOS start screens. Updated Nokia Refocus , Nokia Beamer, and Nokia Storyteller apps. 3 new shooting modes and video recording in camera settings [94]. Light sensitivity settings for the Nokia Pro Camera. RAW and DNG format support for the Nokia Lumia 920, Nokia Lumia 925, and Nokia Lumia 1520 [95]. Pedometer for the Nokia Glance Screen. Enables Nokia Share and Nokia Video Director. Miracast support (for select devices). The ability to capture Dolby Surround Sound with Nokia Rich Recording. Updated Nokia Camera, Nokia Creative Studio and Nokia Storyteller apps. Nokia Device Hub (formerly a beta in the Nokia Beta Labs ) bundled with settings. Various improvements to Nokia's suite of imaging applications [ further explanation needed ]. 5 new filters for the Nokia Creative Studio. An improved Lumia Camera experience for high-end devices. Auto HDR and Dynamic Flash for the Lumia Camera. Improved image processing algorithms for the Lumia Camera. "Hey Cortana " voice activation. MSN Weather and MSN Health & Fitness support for the Glance Screen. List of Lumia devices [ edit ]. Nokia-branded Lumia devices [ edit ]. 800C with CDMA2000 for China Telecom [102]. 610C with CDMA2000 for China Telecom [106]. 810 for T-Mobile, [109] 822 for Verizon [110]. 928 (Lazer) for Verizon with Xenon-flash camera, [112] 920T for China Mobile [113]. 520T with TD-SCDMA for China Mobile [117]. 720T with TD-SCDMA for China Mobile [119]. 925T with TD-SCDMA for China Mobile [121]. 526 with TD-SCDMA for China Mobile [128]. 635 with LTE, 636 and 638 with 1GB RAM [132]. Nokia Lumia 730 Dual SIM [134] [135] [136]. Microsoft-branded Lumia devices [ edit ]. LTE, Dual SIM, LTE Dual SIM. LTE, Dual SIM, LTE Dual SIM. Comparison of Lumia smartphones [ edit ]. Quarterly sales of Lumia devices (million units). Wikimedia Commons has media related to Microsoft Lumia. Microsoft Lumia logo (Top) and various Nokia and Microsoft branded Lumia devices (Bottom). From left to right, the Lumia 1320 , the Lumia 535 , and the Lumia 530 .. Microsoft Lumia (previously the Nokia Lumia Series ) is a former line of mobile devices that was originally designed and marketed by Nokia and later by Microsoft Mobile. Introduced in November 2011, the line was the result of a long-term partnership between Nokia and Microsoft —as such, Lumia smartphones run on Microsoft software, the Windows Phone operating system; and later the newer Windows 10 Mobile. The Lumia name is derived from the partitive plural form of the Finnish word lumi , meaning "snow". On 3 September 2013, Microsoft announced its purchase of Nokia's mobile device business, with the deal closing on 25 April 2014. As a result, the Lumia line's maintenance was transferred to Microsoft Mobile. As part of the transition, Microsoft continued to use the Nokia brand on Lumia devices until October 2014, when it began to officially phase out the Nokia name in its promotion and production of smartphones in favor of Microsoft branding. [3] In November 2014, Microsoft announced the first Microsoft (non-Nokia) branded Lumia device, the Lumia 535. [4] In October 2015, Microsoft announced the first Lumia devices running on Windows 10 Mobile , the Lumia 950 , Lumia 950 XL and Lumia 550. [5] [6] [7] The most recent Lumia smartphone, the Lumia 650 , was announced by Microsoft on 15 February 2016. Sales decreased sharply after the introduction of Windows 10 in 2015 and Microsoft briefly stopped selling Lumia devices from the Microsoft Store at the end of 2016 [9] —by which time sales were estimated to have dropped below one million units [10] —although availability was restored at the beginning of 2017. [11] [12] In October 2017, Microsoft's corporate vice president, Joe Belfiore , confirmed that Microsoft will no longer sell or manufacture new Windows 10 Mobile devices. The existing devices will receive bug fixes and security updates only. 1.1 Partnership between Microsoft and Nokia. 1.2 Acquisition of Nokia's mobile phone business. 1.3 Under Microsoft ownership. 3 List of Lumia devices. 3.2 Nokia-branded Lumia devices. 3.3 Microsoft-branded Lumia devices. 4 Comparison of Lumia smartphones. From 1998 to 2012, Nokia was the largest vendor of mobile phones in the world, which included early smartphones built on its Symbian platform. However, in recent years, its market share declined as a result of the growing use of touchscreen smartphones from other vendors, such as Apple 's iPhone line and Android -based products. In 2010, its market share had declined to 28%, and in April 2012, Samsung Electronics (a prominent user of Android) ultimately overtook Nokia as the largest mobile phone vendor in the world. Nokia's CEO Stephen Elop vetoed the idea of producing Android devices, believing the company wouldn't be able to suitably differentiate its Android products from that of other vendors. [14] [15] In an employee memo, Elop infamously described the company as being on a "burning platform", blaming the "war of ecosystems " between iOS and Android as part of Nokia's overall struggle, and asserting that the company needed to make major changes to its operation. See also: Windows Phone §. The Nokia Lumia logo, used prior to the post-acquisition rebranding by Microsoft. Nokia Lumia 800 , the first Lumia device. In February 2011, Stephen Elop and Microsoft's CEO Steve Ballmer jointly announced a major business partnership between Nokia and Microsoft, which would see Nokia adopt Windows Phone as its primary platform on future smartphones, replacing both Symbian and MeeGo. The deal also included the integration of Bing as the search engine on Nokia devices, and the integration of Nokia Maps into Microsoft's own mapping services. [16] Nokia had planned to use the MeeGo platform as part of its future plans prior to the announcement, although the company announced that it would still release one MeeGo device in 2011. [16] [18] [19] Aligning with Microsoft had been considered a possibility by analysts due to Elop's prior employment with the company. Nokia unveiled its first Windows Phone 7 -based devices, the mid-range Lumia 710 and high-end Lumia 800 , on 26 October 2011 at its Nokia World conference. [21] [22] Motivated by requests from the U.S. carrier AT&T for an LTE -enabled device, Nokia quickly developed the Lumia 900 as a follow-up, first unveiled at the 2012 International CES. The Lumia 900 received heavy promotion by the carrier as a flagship device , but its launch was dampened by a software bug that prevented the device from connecting to certain mobile data networks, forcing AT&T to issue credits to those who purchased the device. Upon its launch in April 2012, the Lumia 900 was listed as a top seller on Amazon.com , but online sales began to taper off by May. While not revealing further details, a Nokia representative stated that the company was "pleased with the consumer reaction, as well as the support we have received from AT&T", while AT&T's mobility chief Ralph de la Vega stated that the Lumia 900 had "exceeded expectations". In early 2012, Nokia released the Lumia 610 , a new entry-level device taking advantage of the lower system requirements introduced by Windows Phone 7's "Tango" update. These new low-end devices were intended to improve Windows Phone adoption in emerging markets such as China. [24] [25] [26] Later in September 2012, Nokia unveiled the Lumia 820 and the Lumia 920 , its first two devices to use the second generation of the Windows Phone platform, Windows Phone 8. [27] Both featured NFC , with the Lumia 820 embedding a microSD card slot, and an optional Wireless Charging Shell for Qi wireless charging. The Lumia 920 also notably featured Qi wireless charging, and a " PureView " camera with optical image stabilization. While Nokia received criticism when it was revealed that a demonstration video of its image stabilization technology was, in fact, filmed using a professional camera, the Lumia 920 was a commercial success for the company. At MWC 2013, Nokia introduced two more Windows Phone 8 devices: the mid-range Nokia Lumia 720 and the budget Nokia Lumia 520 , the latter of which has become the highest selling Windows phone device ever. [29] In 2013, Nokia also introduced the Lumia 925 , a revised version of the 920 with a slimmer build incorporating aluminium, [30] and the Lumia 1020 , which features a 41-megapixel camera based on technology from its Symbian-based 808 PureView. [31] On 22 October 2013, Nokia extended the Lumia brand into the tablet market with the unveiling of the Lumia 2520 ; running Microsoft's Windows RT operating system, it was the company's first tablet since the Nokia Internet tablet range. [32] Some critics believed that the usage of Windows RT rather than full Microsoft Windows 8.1 led to bad sales, as most major Windows tablet makers have used Windows 8.1 in favour of Windows RT. [33] [34] Alternatively, others have claimed that the device's failure was due to its heavy weight and high price. [35] [36] Lumia 2520 was discontinued in early 2015. Although sales of the Lumia line had exceeded those of BlackBerry in the same period, Nokia still made an operating loss of €115m, with revenues falling 24% to €5.7bn following the second quarter of 2013. Over the past nine quarters [ when? ] , Nokia sustained €4.1. See also: Microsoft Mobile §. 2013 to 2014: Acquisition of Nokia's mobile phone business. On 3 September 2013, Microsoft announced its intent to acquire Nokia's mobile phone business (including rights to the Lumia and low-end Asha brands) in an overall deal of over US $7bn. Stephen Elop stepped down as Nokia's CEO and returned to Microsoft as its head of devices as part of the deal, which closed in early 2014. [41] While Microsoft will license the Nokia name under a 10-year agreement, the company will only be able to use it on feature phones : those running the Series 30 , Series 30+ [42] and the Series 40 mobile operating systems based on Java ME and MediaTek technology, [43] respectively. [44] [45] These changes resulted in future Lumia models being first-party hardware produced by Microsoft. See also: Nokia X family and Nokia X platform. On 13 September 2013, the New York Times writer Nick Wingfield revealed that Nokia had been testing the Android operating system on its Lumia hardware. [48] It was one of two known Android projects at the company; the other was running the OS on low–end Asha hardware, which resulted in the Nokia X family of devices. Despite the testing, the Android-based Lumia handsets were never released and only altered Asha devices were brought to the market. In July 2014, Microsoft announced that it would discontinue the majority of its Nokia-branded devices, including the Asha, S30, S40, and X platforms, in favor of low-cost Lumia devices inheriting their design. [52] This left S30+ as Microsoft's only remaining Nokia-branded phone platform until it was sold to HMD Global in May 2016, [53] who, the following February, would announce the first Nokia-branded true Android phone, the Nokia 6 , in January 2017. Microsoft Lumia 535 , the first Microsoft branded Lumia device. Even after the acquisition of Nokia's mobile device business by Microsoft, several Lumia devices were unveiled by Microsoft Mobile in September 2014 that still carried the Nokia name, including the Lumia 830 and Lumia 735. [55] In July 2014, it had been reported by evleaks that Microsoft was attempting to license the Nokia name in a co-branding scheme, which would have possibly seen future devices branded as "Nokia by Microsoft". [56] [57] [58] As a part of the change of ownership, the social network pages have also been rebranded as Microsoft Lumia [59] [60] rather than Microsoft Mobile; this sought to emphasize the Windows Phone over other Nokia mobile phones while also updating social network pages of Windows Phone to the new Microsoft Lumia branding. [61] To reflect this change, Nokia Conversations was also rebranded as Lumia Conversations , [62] and NokNok.tv to Lumia Conversations UK. [63] However, the rebranding has not been consistent, as the Nokia Army was renamed the Spartan Nation and the support site for legacy phones, accessories, various Nokia-branded devices, and services, originally Nokia Discussions, was renamed the Microsoft Mobile Community. [64] The Lumia Beamer was the last Lumia-branded application to have its URL changed from Nokia to Lumia, signifying the end of the transitional term during which Microsoft was allowed to use Nokia.com and related sites. However, in October 2014, Microsoft officially announced that it would phase out the Nokia brand in its promotion and production of Lumia smartphones, and that future Lumia models would be branded solely with the name and logo of Microsoft. [3] [66] [67] [68] In November 2014, Microsoft announced its first self-branded phone, Microsoft Lumia 535. [4] [69] [70] Rebranding the Lumia line did not affect sales, though some critics believed that it might negatively influence consumers' decisions due to Nokia's established reputation for durability compared to the relative infancy of Microsoft's brand in the consumer phone space. [71] [72] The Nokia Lumia 638 was the last Lumia product to bear the Nokia brand, and was only released in India in December 2014.. In November 2014, a post by a Microsoft Twitter account stated that all Nokia and Microsoft Lumia smartphones running Windows Phone 8 and 8.1 would receive updates to Windows 10 ; however, following the official unveiling, Microsoft denied this, stating that they instead were targeting the "majority" of Lumia phones and that not all phones would receive the update or support all of its features. [73] Later, Microsoft confirmed that low-end devices with 512. MB of RAM (including the Nokia Lumia 520 , which represents 24.5% of all Windows Phone devices sold), [74] would also get the Windows 10 upgrade, but reaffirmed that not all of its features would be supported on these devices. [75] [76] Additionally, Microsoft stated on January 16, 2015 that low-end Windows Phone 8.1 phones will not get some Lumia Denim features. In July 2015, Bloomberg reported that Microsoft had a planned restructuring of Microsoft Mobile, which includes the Microsoft Lumia range. This would reportedly include a write down of approximately US$7.6 billion on the acquisition of Nokia's mobile phone business and a layoff of around 7,200 employees. It was also reported that Microsoft would release fewer first-party devices each year. [78] As part of a larger restructuring, the Microsoft Devices & Studios engineering group was merged with the Operating Systems Engineering Group to form the larger Windows & Devices Engineering Group. In July 2015, it was announced that the head of Surface , Panos Panay, would head the new Microsoft devices unit, which would include the Microsoft Lumia as well as various other Microsoft hardware products such as the Band , HoloLens , and Xbox. In October 2015, Microsoft launched the first Lumia devices running on Windows 10 Mobile : the Lumia 950 , Lumia 950 XL and Lumia 550. [5] [6] [7] In February 2016, the Lumia 650 , which also runs Windows 10 Mobile, was launched. [80] Sales of Lumia devices declined between fiscal years 2015 and 2016, with phone revenue decreasing by $4.2 billion or 56%. When Microsoft announced the acquisition in September 2013, 7.3 million devices were sold in the quarter, but this shrunk to 1.2 million at the quarter ending June 2016. [81] Since the Lumia series make up 95% of total Windows Phone/Windows 10 Mobile sales, the operating system market share also shrunk along with it. [82] Throughout 2016 Microsoft slowed down production volumes of Lumia devices, and it was speculated that the series would be discontinued by the end of 2016. CEO Satya Nadella said in November 2016 that the company is working on the "ultimate mobile device". [84] The device was unofficially dubbed by journalists as the " Surface phone", and there were rumours of a late 2017 launch. Shortly after the discontinuation of the Elite X3 , [86] HP's attempt to bring Windows 10 Mobile to a niche market, Microsoft's corporate vice president Joe Belfiore confirmed that Microsoft will no longer sell or manufacture new mobile devices. The existing devices will receive bug fixes and security updates only. See also: Windows Phone version history. Nokia and Microsoft Mobile have released several updates unique to Lumia devices which feature a combination of firmware and software updates. The latter of these includes imaging improvements, new technology support, feature updates, and bug fixes. Because Lumia devices exclusively use Windows Phone, major operating system updates are often bundled with the firmware updates upon release.. Similar to how Windows Phones receive operating system updates , Lumia update releases are dependent on carriers who decide if and when devices are to receive them. [87] However, operating system updates are not subject to these constraints if users are part of Microsoft's Windows Insider or Preview for Developers programs.. 000000002013-08-15-0000 August 15, 2013 [89]. Windows Phone 8 Update 2 ( GDR2 ). Default version for Nokia Lumia 625, 925, 928 and 1020 devices, developed by Nokia. 000000002014-01-09-0000 January 9, 2014 [93]. Windows Phone 8 Update 3 ( GDR3 ). Default version for Nokia Lumia 525, 1320 and 1520 devices, developed by Nokia. 000000002014-07-15-0000 July 15, 2014 [97]. Default version for Nokia Lumia 521, 530, 630, 635, 636, 638 and 930 devices, developed by Microsoft. 000000002014-09-04-0000 September 4, 2014 [99]. Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1 ( GDR1 ). Windows Phone 8.1 Update 2 ( GDR2 ). Default version for Nokia Lumia 730, 735 and 830 and Microsoft Lumia 430, 435, 532 and 535 devices with Windows¨Phone 8.1 Update 1; default version for Microsoft Lumia 540, 640 and 640 XL devices with Windows Phone 8.1 Update 2; developed by Microsoft. The first digit (or the first two digits for devices with four-digit model numbers) indicates the device's family, with larger numbers generally denoting a higher-end device. Under Nokia, numbers larger than 10 indicated a phablet (e.g. 1320 , 1520 ) or tablet ( 2520 ). Since the sale of the Lumia line to Microsoft, four-digit model numbers have been discontinued, with larger models instead being denoted by an "XL" suffix (e.g. The second digit indicates the generation of the device, based on the operating system it originally shipped with:. The third digit is used to distinguish between variants in the same family and generation. 0 indicates the base model, while other numbers indicate either a minor upgrade (e.g. 920 and 925 ), a 4G-capable variant (e.g. 730 and 735 ) or a regional or carrier-specific variant.. An optional "C" or "T" suffix indicates a variant produced exclusively for the Chinese market .. Main article: Comparison of Lumia smartphones. Graph of quarterly global sales (million units) [150] [151] [152] [153] [154] [155] [156] [157] [158] [159] [160]. ^ Bartlett, Karen (2 November 2011). Archived from the original on 8 July 2013. Retrieved 21 January 2016. ^ Edmonds, Rich (5 February 2013). "Some interesting "Did you know..." facts about Nokia". ^ a b Warren, Tom (24 October 2014). "Microsoft Lumia design officially revealed without Nokia branding". Retrieved 24 October 2014. ^ a b Fraser, Adam (11 November 2014). "High five for Microsoft Lumia 535". Archived from the original on 11 November 2014. ^ a b Dolcourt, Jessica (6 October 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 coming in November with Windows 10, 5.2-inch screen, starts at $549 (hands-on)". ^ a b Kastrenakes, Jacob (6 October 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 XL with 5.7-inch display and liquid cooling announced for $649". ^ a b Statt, Nick (6 October 2015). "Microsoft's new Lumia 550 announced at $139". ^ Hänninen, Samuli (15 February 2016). "Microsoft Lumia 650: sophisticated, metal design and Windows 10 under $200". Retrieved 28 September 2016. ^ Hill, Brandon (31 December 2016). "Microsoft Ends Sales Of All Lumia Windows 10 Mobile Devices From Microsoft Store". Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ O., JR (9 January 2017). "Lumia Isn't Dead After All: New Stocks Available For 950 XL, 640 XL And More". Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ Thorp-Lancaster, Dan (19 January 2017). "Lumia 550, 950 and 950 XL now back in stock at the U.S. Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ a b "Microsoft finally admits Windows Phone is dead". ^ a b c Cheng, Roger (18 December 2012). "Nokia on the edge: Inside an icon's fight for survival". Retrieved 14 June 2013. ^ "Samsung overtakes Nokia in mobile phone shipments". Retrieved 27 May 2012. ^ a b c "Nokia and Microsoft form partnership". Retrieved 12 February 2011. ^ a b Weintraub, Seth (9 February 2011). "Nokia's Elop drops bomb: the platform is on fire". Retrieved 14 June 2013. ^ Gulliver, John (11 February 2011). "Nokia N9 to be launched this year". Archived from the original on 27 August 2011. ^ John, Norman (30 October 2011). "Nokia N9 and MeeGo Apps Site Launched, Checkout and Download Hot and Top Apps". Archived from the original on 13 November 2014. Retrieved 13 November 2014. ^ Sakr, Sharif (26 October 2011). Retrieved 8 November 2012. ^ Toor, Amar (26 October 2011). "Nokia announces the Lumia 800, the 'first real Windows Phone' (video)". Retrieved 13 November 2012. ^ Cheng, Roger (13 June 2012). "Just how well did Nokia's Lumia 900 do?". Retrieved 3 September 2013. ^ Warren, Tom (27 February 2012). "Windows Phone 7.5 update will support 256MB RAM and slower processors in April". Retrieved 21 June 2012. ^ "Windows Phone Tango: for low-cost smartphones". Archived from the original on 17 February 2015. ^ Nagy, Anton D. ^ Woods, Ben (5 September 2012). "Nokia's first Windows Phone 8 devices revealed: The Lumia 820 and 920". Retrieved 9 February 2014. ^ Volpe, Joseph (5 September 2012). "Nokia Lumia 920 official: Dual-core 1.5GHz Snapdragon S4 CPU, 8MP PureView camera, Windows Phone 8 (video)". Retrieved 23 September 2012. ^ Thurrott, Paul (27 September 2013). Retrieved 29 September 2013. ^ Dolcourt, Jessica (19 July 2013). "Nokia Lumia 925 review: First metal Lumia gets it right". Retrieved 3 September 2013. ^ "Nokia Lumia 1020 preview: Take two". Retrieved 22 August 2013. ^ "Nokia's first tablet, Lumia 2520, unveiled". ^ Sohail, Omar (8 February 2015). "Microsoft RT tablets: Production of Nokia Lumia 2520 to cease". ^ Lee, Tyler (4 February 2015). "Microsoft No Longer Manufacturing Nokia Lumia 2520". ^ "Nokia Lumia 2520: 3 Reasons It Is Doomed To Fail Even Before It Hits Stores". ^ Seifert, Dan (22 November 2013). Retrieved 11 January 2014. ^ Al-Riyami, Fahad (2 February 2015). "The last Windows RT tablet reportedly discontinued, say goodbye to the Lumia 2520". Archived from the original on 4 February 2015. ^ Blandford, Rafe (18 July 2013). "Nokia Q2 2013 results - Lumia sales up against mixed background". ^ Souppouris, Aaron (29 October 2013). "Nokia's Q3 2013: $162 million profit from $7.79 billion revenue". ^ Reed, Brad (29 October 2013). "Nokia narrows Q3 loss as Lumia sales spike". ^ Pierce, David (2 September 2013). "Microsoft buying Nokia's phone business in a $7.2 billion bid for its mobile future". Retrieved 3 September 2013. ^ Sawers, Paul (5 January 2015). "Microsoft launches the Nokia 215, a $29 feature phone touted as its most affordable Internet device yet". ^ Sándor, Nacsa (15 August 2012). "MediaTek's 'smart-feature phone' effort with likely Nokia tie-up". ^ Foley, Mary Jo (25 April 2014). "Microsoft takes control of Nokia's phone business; acquires 25,000 new employees". ^ Lunden, Ingrid (3 September 2013). "Nokia's Licensing Its Name To Microsoft, But It's Free To Keep Building Hardware, And Could Even Dial Up To Mobile Devices Again By January 2016". ^ Patel, Nilay (3 September 2013). "There will never be another Nokia smartphone". Retrieved 3 September 2013. ^ Tung, Liam (5 September 2013). "Is Microsoft about to bring Office and XBox to Nokia's Asha phones?". Retrieved 19 May 2017. While Microsoft figures out how to integrate Nokia into its own business, it will retain Nokia's brand name under licence to sell both Asha devices and other feature phones. ^ Nick Wingfield (13 September 2013). "Behind Microsoft Deal, the Specter of a Nokia Android Phone". ^ Hamblen, Matt (12 December 2013). "Perspective: The fate of Nokia's Android phone depends on Microsoft". ^ Best, Jo (24 February 2014). "Nokia really is going Android with the launch of three 'gateway' devices called X". ^ Davies, Chris (24 February 2014). "Nokia X official: Android for the sub-Lumia masses". ^ Foley, Mary Jo (2014-07-17). "Microsoft to discontinue Nokia Asha and S40 feature phones". ^ "Microsoft sells Nokia feature phones to HMD". ^ Titcomb, James (2017-01-09). "First Nokia smartphone in three years unveiled". ^ Hachman, Mark (4 September 2014). "Microsoft announces two Lumia phones, always-on Cortana, and clever new mobile accessories". Retrieved 12 September 2014. ^ F., Alan (28 June 2014). "Microsoft to use "Nokia by Microsoft" branding on new phones; Surface name to be replaced by Lumia?". Retrieved 12 September 2014. ^ Eadicicco, Lisa (24 October 2014). "Microsoft Has Officially Cut Nokia's Brand From Its Most Popular Smartphone Line". ^ Lomas, Natasha (28 April 2014). "Microsoft Won't Brand Its Own Phones 'Microsoft Mobile'. — Nor Use Nokia's Name For Long". ^ Mlot, Stephanie (22 October 2014). "Nokia's Phone Business Rebranded as 'Microsoft Lumia ' ". Retrieved 22 October 2014. ^ Paul, Ian (24 October 2014). "This is what Microsoft's Nokia-less Lumia phones will look like". Retrieved 24 October 2014. ^ McAllister, Neil (22 October 2014). "Nokia France leak: Windows Phone DUMPED in Microsoft Lumia revamp". Retrieved 22 October 2014. ^ Callaham, John (9 November 2014). "The Nokia Conversations blog is now Lumia Conversations". Retrieved 9 November 2014. ^ Browne, Mike (8 January 2015). Archived from the original on 19 January 2015. ^ "#Nokia Support Discussions gets a new home – The #Microsoft Mobile Community. Archived from the original on 1 January 2015. Retrieved 7 December 2014. ^ Viswav, Pradeep (8 December 2014). "Lumia Beamer app update changes beaming URL to lumiabeamer.com". ^ Warren, Tom (10 September 2014). "Microsoft is killing the Nokia and Windows Phone brands". Retrieved 12 September 2014. ^ Chacos, Brad (11 September 2014). "Microsoft is killing the Nokia and Windows Phone names, reports say". Retrieved 12 September 2014. ^ Warren, Tom (21 October 2014). "Microsoft Lumia will replace the Nokia brand". Retrieved 21 October 2014. ^ Bright, Peter (11 November 2014). "The Lumia 535 is the first Microsoft-branded smartphone". ^ Saxena, Anupan (11 November 2014). "First Microsoft-branded smartphone Lumia 535 launched". ^ Dasani, Jill (28 January 2015). "AdDuplex Stats – Lumia 535 a massive hit in India, Lumia 730 follows". Archived from the original on 8 February 2015. ^ Tre, Tuoi (6 February 2015). "Nokia phones still popular with consumers in Vietnam following Microsoft buyout: retailers". ^ Newman, Jared (23 January 2015). "Microsoft reneges on Windows 10 upgrades for all current Lumia phones". Retrieved 23 January 2015. ^ Saleem, Hammad (24 March 2015). "Windows Phone performance as of March 2015, budget-friendly devices continue to dominate". Archived from the original on 26 March 2015. ^ Author, Ron (8 February 2015). "Joe Belfiore confirms Windows 10 for 512MB phones, subset of phones to get the first preview build". Archived from the original on 9 February 2015. ^ "Joe Belfiore: Windows 10 update for 512MB phones in the works". Retrieved 9 February 2015. ^ Rubino, Daniel (16 January 2015). "Microsoft clarifies Lumia Denim update for some is just in-name-only". ^ Bass, Dina; Ewing, Adam (8 July 2015). "Microsoft to Cut Jobs, Take $7.6 Billion Writedown on Nokia". Retrieved 8 July 2015. ^ Viswav, Pradeep (21 July 2015). "Surface Chief Panos Panay Is Taking Over Engineering For All Of Premium Devices Including Lumia Windows Phones". ^ "Microsoft Lumia 650 launched at $199: Here are the top specs". ^ Orlowski, Andrew (29 July 2016). "Microsoft buries the bad Windows Phone news: Mobile sales collapse". ^ Warren, Tom (23 May 2016). "Windows Phone market share sinks below 1 percent". ^ Thakran, Shekhar (12 September 2016). "Microsoft to Discontinue Lumia Phones This December: Report". ^ Keach, Sean (3 May 2017). "Microsoft Surface Phone release date, news, specs, rumours and price". ^ Riley, Sean (8 May 2017). "Microsoft Surface Phone Rumors: What You Can Expect". ^ "HP is ditching the last serious Windows phone". ^ Hautala, Eric (6 January 2012). "New maintenance release for Windows Phone". Retrieved 8 January 2014. ^ Blandford, Rafe (15 May 2013). "Nokia's "Lumia Amber" software update in detail". ^ "Green light for Lumia Amber". Archived from the original on January 17, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2014. ^ "Lack of FM chip not the reason the Nokia Lumia 620 is not getting FM Radio support". ^ "FM Radio support". ^ Delaney, Ian (9 January 2014). "Nokia Lumia Black update begins rollout". Archived from the original on 4 February 2015. ^ "Nokia kicks off Lumia Black software update with new features, apps". Retrieved January 8, 2014. ^ GSM, Mustafa (11 January 2014). "Nokia Lumia Black software update features overview". ^ Xbox, WP (23 October 2013). : List of Features / Apps That are Coming to Windows Phone". ^ Arena, GSM (3 April 2014). "Nokia's WP 8.1 release detailed, to be called Lumia Cyan". ^ "All-new Windows Phone experience: Lumia Cyan update". Archived from the original on November 13, 2014. Retrieved January 8, 2014. ^ Sulleyman, Aatif (19 December 2014). "Lumia Denim Features List: What's new?". ^ "Full of features: Lumia Denim Update". Archived from the original on February 12, 2015. Retrieved January 8, 2014. ^ Ivanoff, Ivan (8 February 2015). "Nokia Lumia 1520 Denim Update Makes Its Camera That Much Better". Archived from the original on 12 February 2015. ^ "Nokia Lumia 800 and 710 price and release dates confirmed". Retrieved 16 November 2012. ^ Millward, Steven (28 March 2012). "Nokia and China Telecom to Launch Lumia 800C March 31st, WP7 Marketplace Now Live in China". ^ "T-Mobile's Nokia Lumia 710 is official, on January 11th". Retrieved 16 November 2012. ^ "Nokia Lumia 900 Release Date April 8th". Retrieved 16 November 2012. ^ F., Alan (27 May 2012). "Nokia #1 again in Finland as Nokia Lumia 610 and Nokia Lumia 900 launch". ^ Hashmi, Saad (28 March 2012). "Nokia Lumia 800C and Lumia 610C announced for China Telecom's CDMA network". ^ Dhingra, Deepak (October 23, 2012). "Nokia launches budget Lumia 510: Windows Phone 7.5, 4-inch display and 5-megapixel camera (video)". ^ Summers, Nick (5 September 2012). "Nokia launches the Lumia 820, the 920's little brother with 8 megapixel camera, 4.3" screen". ^ "Nokia Lumia 810 for T-Mobile review". Retrieved 16 November 2012. ^ "HTC 8X, Nokia Lumia 822 release & price on Verizon". Retrieved 20 November 2012. ^ "Nokia Lumia 920 release date UK: 2 November". ^ Eddy, Nathan (May 12, 2012). "Nokia, Verizon Prepare for Lumia 928 Smartphone Launch". ^ "Live from Nokia's MWC 2013 Press Conference". Retrieved 26 February 2013. ^ Admin, Site (17 December 2012). "Nokia Lumia 505: New Windows Phone 7.8". Archived from the original on 10 November 2014. "Nokia Lumia 620 Review – Watch CNET's Video Review – page 2". ^ Saxena, Anupam (20 March 2013). "Nokia launches Lumia 720 and Lumia 520 with Windows Phone 8 in India". ^ Vasil, Cosmin (21 March 2013). "Nokia Lumia 520T Arriving in China for $225/€175". ^ H., Victor (27 February 2013). "Nokia Lumia 720 and Lumia 520 release date set for April 1 (not a joke)". ^ Viswav, Pradeep (20 March 2013). "China Mobile Variant Of Nokia Lumia 720 To Include CMMB Mobile TV Technology". ^ Epstein, Zach (14 May 2013). "Nokia unveils Lumia 925 with aluminum body, PureView camera; headed to T-Mobile". ^ R., Maxwell (8 June 2013). "Nokia Lumia 925T all set to make a splash with China Mobile". ^ Delaney, Ian (12 September 2013). "Nokia and Telefonica launch 64GB Nokia Lumia 1020". Archived from the original on 10 November 2014. ^ "Nokia Lumia 625: hero of the big screen". ^ of India, Trust (20 December 2013). "Nokia announces Lumia 1320, 525, Asha 500, 502, 503 India launch". ^ Lawler, Richard (8 November 2013). "Nokia's 6-inch Lumia 1520 arrives on AT&T November 22nd for $200, pre-orders open now". ^ Rigg, Jamie (10 January 2014). "Nokia's Lumia 2520 tablet exclusive to John Lewis in the UK from December 4th". "Nokia Lumia 525 unveiled as successor to the most popular Windows Phone". ^ Brodeur, Seth (8 January 2014). "Nokia Lumia 526 comes to China Mobile; now available from online retailer". ^ GSM, Arena (9 February 2014). "Nokia Lumia Icon launching on February 20". ^ Page, Carly (21 July 2014). "Lumia 930 release date, price, specs and availability". ^ Rougeau, Michael (2 April 2014). "New Lumia 630, Lumia 635 are the first to launch with Windows Phone 8.1". ^ Taylor, April (4 November 2014). "Nokia Lumia 635 Windows Phone 8.1, quad-core LTE smartphone hits Cricket Wireless on Nov. ^ F., Alan (13 August 2014). "Nokia Lumia 530 launches in India". ^ a b Sharma, Ravi (26 November 2014). "Nokia Lumia 730 review: Not just a selfie phone". ^ McGregor, Jay (4 October 2014). "Microsoft Launches The Nokia Lumia 830, Dual-Sim 730 And 4G 735". ^ Ranger, Steve (2 December 2014). "Nokia Lumia 830 review: Smart, cheeky design, elegant software - and the end of an era". ^ Saxena, Anupam (11 November 2014). "First Microsoft-branded smartphone Lumia 535 launched". ^ Finance, Yahoo! (11 November 2014). "Microsoft Lumia 535: "5x5x5" Innovation with an Affordable Price Tag". Archived from the original on 11 November 2014. ^ Bulletin, Maynila (19 January 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 435 and Lumia 532: Affordable Lumia smartphones". ^ Nishta, author (14 January 2015). "Introducing the Lumia 435: our most affordable Lumia yet". Archived from the original on 15 February 2015. ^ K., Pranav (2 March 2015). "MWC15: Microsoft launches Microsoft Lumia 640". ^ K., Pranav (2 March 2015). "MWC15: Microsoft announces Lumia 640 XL". ^ Fraser, Adan (19 March 2015). Archived from the original on 21 March 2015. ^ Fraser, Adan (15 April 2015). "The brand new Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual SIM". Archived from the original on 15 April 2015. ^ Newman, Jared (6 October 2015). "Microsoft's flagship Lumia 950 and 950XL will lead Windows 10 Mobile with premium specs. The first Windows 10 flagship phones have high-quality cameras, liquid-cooled processors, and Continuum support". ^ Olivarez-Giles, Nathan (6 October 2015). "Microsoft Unveils Powerhouse Lumia 950 and 950 XL Phones". ^ Trew, James (6 October 2015). "Microsoft's Lumia 550 offers entry-level Windows 10 for $140". ^ Weinberger, Matt (15 February 2016). "Microsoft is marking the end of an era with a $199 Windows phone for the business". ^ "Results and Reports". Archived from the original on 2014-03-31. ^ "Nokia Lumia sales hit record 8.8 million in Q3, North America doubles". ^ "Nokia Lumia sales weaker over holidays, but doubled in 2013". ^ "9.3 million Lumia smartphones were sold by Microsoft last quarter". ^ "Nokia Lumia sales hit record 7.4 million in Q2". ^ "Microsoft sold 8.6 million Lumia phones in its Q3 2015 fiscal quarter". ^ "Microsoft sold 5.8 million Lumia phones in its Q1 2016 fiscal quarter". ^ Windows Phone is dead | The Verge. ^ Microsoft's Q3 2016: Surface up and Windows Phone down again. ^ Microsoft only sold around 1.2 million Lumia phones in the April to June quarter. ^ Microsoft sold less than 1 million Lumia phones last quarter. 1 Nokia-branded and developed by the Nokia Corporation. 2 Nokia-branded but developed by Microsoft Mobile Oy under a transitional license agreement. Windows 95 ( Development ). Nokia Asha ( Nokia Asha platform ). Nokia 3510 ( 3510i/3530/3590/3595 ). 1 Developed by Microsoft Mobile. 2 Developed by HMD Global. Categories : Microsoft Lumia Windows Phone devices Microsoft hardware Nokia mobile phones Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Videotelephony Mobile phones introduced in 2011. Hidden categories: All articles with vague or ambiguous time Vague or ambiguous time from May 2017 Wikipedia articles needing clarification from February 2015 Commons category with local link different than on Wikidata Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. Afrikaans العربية تۆرکجه Български Català Čeština Deutsch Español فارسی Français 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano עברית ქართული Қазақша Magyar മലയാളം Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português Română Русский Suomi Svenska தமிழ் Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文. This page was last edited on 2 February 2018, at 21:55. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
