Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. With a stunning 5.7” Quad HD display and a powerful octa-core processor, it’s the Lumia you’ve been waiting for. Get the phone that works like your PC and push the limits of what’s possible.. Apps, games, and music are in one place with the brand new Windows Store and Cortana sends helpful reminders to all your Windows 10 devices.From Excel to entertainment, Windows 10 keeps your digital life in sync across devices. With an octa-core processor and a 5.7” Quad HD display, it’s the most powerful phone we’ve ever built. With USB-C Fast Charging, an extra-large battery, and wireless charging, it’s pure power that’s easy to charge. Demanding apps, serious games, and the creativity tools you love – get a Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM and discover exciting new ways to do great things. The moments you want to remember happen so fast. That’s why we designed a 20 MP sensor that automatically reduces motion blur for sharper, more detailed photos. We’re extremely proud to bring you some revolutionary new ways to use your phone – dock the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM and Windows apps scale up on a big screen. Want a personal log in experience? Use iris authentication to unlock the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM without entering a pin code. See what makes the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM so powerful. Find out why you’ll love owning a Lumia. From colourful cases to wireless speakers, get the gear to go with your smartphone. The availability of particular products, services and features may vary by region. Please check with your local Microsoft dealer for further details. Microsoft account, Wi-Fi or data network connection and additional fees or subscriptions are required for some features. Apps are available from Windows Store. The specifications are subject to change without notice.. 1 App availability and experience varies by market and device. Some apps and content sold separately. Microsoft account and Wi-Fi or data connection required for some features; carrier fees apply.. 2 * Charge wirelessly with wireless charging accessory (sold separately). USB-C Fast Charging applies when charging from 10% capacity (battery critically low) with Microsoft USB-C Fast Charger (included); actual results will vary based on usage.. 3 ** App availability and experience varies by device and market. Some apps and content sold separately. Microsoft account and Wi-Fi or data connection required for some features; carrier fees apply. Office 365 subscription required for some Office features. External display with DisplayPort, HDMI connector or compatible adapter required. Microsoft Display Dock, accessories and some apps and content sold separately.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. All Listings - Current page. results for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Save Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM :. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM RM-1116 - New in Opened Box. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) **RESET PROTECTION**. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB BLACK (Unlocked) Smartphone & DISPLAY DOCK. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone w/ DIsplay Dock. A+ Outer Front Screen Glass For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM RM-1116 Black. A+ Camera Lens Cover/Tape For Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM RM-1118 RM-1105/1104. Brand New Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim 32GB Black Unlocked Smartphone RM-1116. NEW EX-DISPLAY MODEL MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 XL DUAL SIM BLACK 32GB 4G LTE SIMFREE. New Condition Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim 32GB White Unlocked Phone RM-1116. New Condition Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim 32GB Blue Unlocked Phone RM-1116. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. NEW Microsoft Nokia Lumia 950 Dual SIM RM-1118 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED - White. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL - 32GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone. New Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 4G LTE 32GB 5.2" Smartphone Black. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL - 32GB - (Unlocked) Smartphone. Nokia Microsoft Lumia 650 RM-1154 Dual SIM 16GB Windows 10 - Black / White USA. USED Microsoft Lumia 640 XL RM-1096 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" Dual SIM - White. Microsoft lumia 950 xl - unlocked black. New Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 4G LTE 32GB 5.2" Smartphone White. Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual Sim Black Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. USED Microsoft Lumia 640 XL RM-1096 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" Dual SIM - White. BNIB MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 XL WHITE 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED SINGLE SIM 4G/LTE GSM. Microsoft Lumia 430 Dual Sim Black Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 32GB Black Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia Lumia 950 Unlocked Quad-core 32GB ROM 3GB RAM 20.0MP LTE FDD WIFI GPS 4G. Original Unlocked Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G 8GB Wifi 2MP Windows. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 32GB Black Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Unlocked Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 5.2" 3G 4G Wifi 20MP Windows Smartphone. Unlocked Nokia Microsoft Lumia 640 XL 5.7-Inch Single Sim Smartphone Windows 8.1. Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual Sim White Unlocked. BNIB MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 WHITE 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED SINGLE SIM 4G/LTE GSM NEW. Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 5.2" 3G 4G Wifi 20MP Windows Unlocked Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual Sim White 8GB 5.7"HSDPA Windows Phone By Fedex. Original Nokia Microsoft Lumia 535 Windows Quad Core 1GB RAM 8GB ROM Dual SIM. FOR PARTS - Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5" IPS , 8GB. Nokia Microsoft Lumia 640（Unlocked） Windows Quad Core 1GB RAM 8GB ROM 8MP 4G GPS. Original Unlocked Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G 8GB Wifi 2MP Windows. Original Nokia Microsoft Lumia 535 Windows Quad Core 1GB RAM 8GB ROM Dual SIM. Windows Phone Original Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G Wifi 8GB. New in Sealed Box Microsoft Nokia Lumia 950 XL 5.7" 4G LTE ATT T-MOB Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia430 Original Dual SIM Windows Dual-core 1GB RAM 8GB ROM Dual SIM. Original Unlocked Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G 8GB Wifi 2MP Windows. FOR PARTS - Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Green (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5" IPS , 8GB. Original Microsoft Lumia 430 Dual SIM Windows Dual-core 1GB RAM 8GB ROM Dual SIM. Original Nokia Microsoft Lumia 535 Windows Quad Core 1GB RAM 8GB ROM Dual SIM. A+ Camera Lens Cover/Tape For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM RM-1116 RM-1085. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 7 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 151.9 x 78.4 x 8.1 mm (5.98 x 3.09 x 0.32 in). 5.7 inches, 89.6 cm 2 (~75.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~515 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 20 MP (f/1.9, 26mm, 1/2.4", 1.12 µm), Carl Zeiss optics, OIS, autofocus, triple-LED RGB flash. Geo-tagging, face detection, panorama, HDR, PureView. 2160p@30fps, stereo sound rec., 1080p@30/60fps (after SW update). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Iris scanner, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, sensor core. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Qi wireless charging (market dependent). - OneDrive (15 GB cloud storage). Up to 288 h (2G) / Up to 288 h (3G). Up to 25 h (2G) / Up to 19 h (3G). Basemark OS II 2.0: 1472 / Basemark X: 32178. Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.837 (sunlight). Voice 74dB / Noise 75dB / Ring 84dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - user opinions and reviews. No phone company now even Samsung giant is manufacturing your favorite Windows phone because phones running Windows OS is a flop. Android OS so far is still the OS to reckon with. MS Lumia 950 XL is a monumental flop.. Using this phone from a long time. Never have seen any heating or battery drain issue. Its smooth fast and snappy and battery last full day very easily. Getting small Firmware updates every month Jan 2018 and Feb too. I am completely satisfied and lo.... faraway in battery backup and smoothness as well than any android device. want to see a new products from Microsoft.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM reviews. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL HP Elite x3 Nokia 8 Nokia 6. Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. 
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10. Battery Charger USB-C cable Product user guide Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Game features: Xbox, Touch UI, DirectX 11. Messaging features: Text messaging, Built-in RCS chat, Multimedia messaging, Conversational chat style SMS, Text-to-speech message reader, Unified inbox for SMS and MMS, Number screening for messaging, Distribution lists for messaging, Concatenated SMS for long messages, Integrated text messaging and chat, Automatic resizing of images for MMS. Display resolution: WQHD (2560 x 1440). Display features: Easy to clean, Orientation sensor, Wide viewing angle, Lumia Color profile, High brightness mode, Corning Gorilla Glass 4, Automatic brightness control, Sunlight readability enhancements. Charging3: Fast charging, Built-in wireless charging. Maximum standby time with dual SIM: 12 days. Maximum talk time (2G): 25 h. Maximum talk time (3G): 19 h. Maximum music playback time: 75 h. Maximum Wi-Fi network browsing time: 11 h. Maximum video playback time: 11 h. Operating keys: Camera key, Volume keys, Power/Lock key. Location technologies: A-GPS, A-BeiDou, A-GLONASS, Barometer, Gyroscope, Sensor enhanced positioning, Cellular and Wi-Fi network positioning. Maps: Free maps, Speed limit information, Pin places to Start screen, Offline maps and navigation, Turn-by-turn walk directions, Online and offline favourites, Reveal the surrounding places, Real-time traffic information, Public transport and drive directions, Map views: satellite - street map - public transport, Free global voice guided turn-by-turn drive navigation. Front camera: Full HD 5 MP wide angle. Front camera video resolution: 1080p (Full HD, 1920 x 1080). Audio recording codecs: AAC LC, AMR-NB, GSM FR. Audio recording features: Lumia Rich Recording with four microphones. Audio playback features: Graphical equalizer, Virtualized loudspeaker listening. Productivity features: Calendar, Reminders, Word flow keyboard, Interactive notifications, Voice dictation in edit fields, Pin information to start screen, Wired and wireless Continuum for phone. Personal information management features: Clock, Wallet, OneNote, Phonebook, Reminders, Calculator, To-do list, Alarm clock, File manager, Kid's Corner, Social networks in Phonebook. Business apps: Office apps, Microsoft Outlook, Skype for Business, Adobe Reader free download, Integrated OneDrive for business, Company Hub for enterprise applications, OneDrive storage for documents and notes. Back-up and restore your data: Yes. Sync type: OneDrive documents, Exchange ActiveSync, Via Windows Phone apps. Device management: AirWatch, Symantec, MobileIron, Windows Intune, Microsoft System Center, OMA Device Management v1.2, OMA Client Provisioning v1.1, OMA Device Management v1.1.2. General security features: PIN code, Signed OS, Device lock, Secure boot, Consumer VPN, Windows Hello beta, Device lock passcode, Application sandboxing, Application certification, Track and Protect via internet, Backup and restore via Internet, Regular signed firmware updates, Remote device lock via Internet, Remote device wipe via Internet, Browser integrated anti-phishing. Enterprise security features: Mobile VPN, Secure identities, Remote lock and wipe, Mobile device management, Data protection under PIN lock, Remote security policy enforcement, Hardware accelerated device encryption. Supported security standards: SSL v3.0, TLS v1.0, TLS v1.1, TLS v1.2, Suite B ciphers. Wi-Fi security modes: WEP, WPA, EAP-AKA, EAP-SIM, EAP-TLS, WPA-Personal, PEAP-MSCHAPv2, WPA2-Personal, WPA-Enterprise, WPA2 (AES/TKIP), WPA2-Enterprise, EAP-TTLS/MSCHAPv2. Email features: HTML emails, Linked inboxes, Inbox filtering, Multiple email accounts, Conversational view on email, Text-to-speech message reader, Viewing and editing of email attachments. Maximum memory card size7: 200 GB. User data storage: In device, OneDrive cloud storage, App and data storage on memory card. Other user interface features5: Glance screen, Voice commands, Tactile feedback, Voice dictation in edit fields. Sensors: Barometer, Gyroscope, SensorCore, Magnetometer, Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor. AV connectors: DisplayPort over USB-C, 3.5 mm stereo headset connector. USB: USB 3.1, USB Dual Role Port (Gen1). Bluetooth profiles: Hands-free profile (HFP) 1.6, Object Push profile (OPP) 1.1, Generic Attribute Profile (GATT), HID over GATT profile (HOGP) 1.0, Message Access Profile (MAP) 1.1, Human Interface Device Profile (HID), Phone Book Access Profile (PBAP) 1.1, Personal Area Network Profile (PAN) 1.0, Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) 1.2, Audio/Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP) 1.3. NFC: Pairing, Sharing, Tagging, Secure NFC for payment. Wi-Fi: MIMO, Wi-Fi call, WLAN IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac. Wi-Fi hotspot: Up to 8 Wi-Fi-enabled devices. GSM network: 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 1900 MHz. GSM max data speed DL: EGPRS 296.0 kbps. GSM max data speed UL: EGPRS 236.8 kbps. WCDMA network: Band 5 (850 MHz), Band 8 (900 MHz), Band 1 (2100 MHz), Band 2 (1900 MHz), Band 4 (1700/2100 MHz). WCDMA max data speed DL: 42.2 Mbps (Cat 24). WCDMA max data speed UL: 5.76 Mbps (Cat 6). LTE FDD network: Band 5 (850MHz), Band 8 (900MHz), Band 17 (700MHz), Band 20 (800MHz), Band 1 (2100 MHz), Band 12 (700 MHz), Band 2 (1900 MHz), Band 28 (700 MHz), Band 3 (1800 MHz), Band 7 (2600 MHz), Band 4 (1700/2100 MHz). TD-LTE network: Band 38 (2570-2620 MHz), Band 40 (2300-2400 MHz). LTE max data speed DL: 150 Mbps (Cat 4). LTE max data speed UL: 50 Mbps (Cat 4). Main camera focus type: Auto focus with two-stage capture key. Camera features: PureView, Fast Focus, True 16:9 sensor, High resolution zoom, Backside-illuminated image sensor. Camera minimum focus range: 10 cm. Main camera video resolution: 4K (Ultra HD, 3840 x 2160). Camera video frame rate: 30 fps. Video recording features: Video zoom, Video light, Continuous autofocus, Optical image stabilization, Lumia Rich Recording with four microphones. Video playback frame rate: 30 fps. Video playback codecs: VC-1, H.263, MPEG-4, H.264/AVC, H.265/HEVC, Windows video. Video streaming: Progressive video download, YouTube browsing and video streaming, Streaming from video services and internet. Call types: HD Voice call, Conference call, Skype video call, Skype voice call. Call management features: Speed dial, Voice mail, Call history, Call waiting, Call recording, Call forwarding, Integrated hands-free speakers, Seamless upgrade to video call. Noise reduction: Multi-microphone uplink noise cancellation. Supported amount of phonebooks: One integrated phonebook. Materials: Free of BFR, Free of PVC, Contains recycled metals, Free of nickel on the product surface. Packaging: Minimized package, Made of renewable materials, Packaging is 100 % recyclable, Virgin wood fibres up to 90% certified, Containing up to 20% recycled materials. Energy efficiency: Battery saver feature, Energy efficient charger, Automatic screen brightness adjustment. Product recycling: 100% recoverable as materials and energy. Eco content and services: Available at Store, Maps for route optimization and navigation. User guide: Small printed guide, In-device user guide. Hearing: Video call, TTY support, Vibrating alerts, BT neckloop compatible. Vision: Voice commands, Vibrating alerts, Voice recognition, Font magnification, High contrast mode, Screen magnification, Customizable home screen. Physical skills: Speed dial, Speakerphone, Voice wake-up, Voice commands, Voice recognition, Customizable home screen. The availability of particular products, services and features may vary by region. Please check with your local Microsoft dealer for further details. Microsoft account, Wi-Fi or data network connection and additional fees or subscriptions are required for some features. Apps are available from Windows Store. The specifications are subject to change without notice.. 1 Talk, standby and playback times are estimates only. Actual times are affected by, for example, network conditions, device settings, features being used, battery condition, and temperature. Battery has limited recharge cycles and battery capacity reduces over time. Eventually the battery may need to be replaced.. 2 Coverage, service, and 4G/LTE are not available everywhere; actual data speeds may vary. 3 Requires a compatible charging accessory, which may be sold separately.. 4 Downloading of maps over-the-air may involve transferring large amounts of data. Your service provider may charge for the data transmission. The availability of products, services and features may vary by region. Please check with your local Microsoft dealer for further details and availability of language options. These specifications are subject to change without notice.. 5 Voice features only available in supported locales and languages.. 6 Pre-installed system software and apps use a significant amount of storage; less internal storage will be available to users. See here for more details.. 7 The device supports SDXC 3.01 standard compliant cards. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 26 27 ». ashkansh, 13 Jan 2018 Windows Phone are run very smoothly compared to android phones even with just 1Gb of rams. more No phone company now even Samsung giant is manufacturing your favorite Windows phone because phones running Windows OS is a flop. Android OS so far is still the OS to reckon with. MS Lumia 950 XL is a monumental flop.. Using this phone from a long time. Never have seen any heating or battery drain issue. Its smooth fast and snappy and battery last full day very easily. Getting small Firmware updates every month Jan 2018 and Feb too. I am completely satisfied and love this mobile. It has camera like no other phones till date.. faraway in battery backup and smoothness as well than any android device. want to see a new products from Microsoft.. Windows Phone are run very smoothly compared to android phones even with just 1Gb of rams. No hang at least in my own experience. Built in apps like office and maps and health is very useful. No problem with games and social apps. Just lack of some applications can make some problems. After all very beautiful and stylish phones. Hope to see at least one new phone from Microsoft in 2018.. Rebuilt Windows phone , because it's camera is very good. plz try to rebuilt Surface phone or Windows phone and add option Android app runing cross platform system or Built mainly app for windows store , like youtube, facebook,..etc. shodaime zack, 01 Jan 2018 need advice..is this phone good??overheat much?? Camera is the best other phones can not compete but heating problem making battery draining fast about half day battery back up.... shodaime zack, 01 Jan 2018 need advice..is this phone good??overheat much?? I am using this everday as my second phone. GOOD: (i) camera quality is excellent that i am very happy with the image quality, i think no other phone can compete, (ii) plastic design is suit in the pocket. BAD: (i) heating problem making battery draining very fast, if you like browsing internet may be only half day batery backup, (ii) facebook messager call in both sound and video does not work, (iii) glass sreen and cover protection difficult to find or event can not find it. CONCLUSSION: if like taking photo you should chose it. Overall advise- you better chose Nokia 8. need advice..is this phone good??overheat much??. I use 950xl dualsim almost 2 years, but in one half year have a problem, phone is over heat and always restat, is because update failed,make the battery damage and no one sell in my country, now i modification, use asus battery, little size, 3000mah, use the original circuit battery ( top of battery) for replace asus circuit battery, carefull do this procedur,you dont wont burn your finger :), this must have experient, now is back to normal again for half years. my experient update failed is left your battery last 20% DONT CHARGE and IGNORE BATTERY WARNING, go to setting update, touch update now, look if indicator bar update move STIIL DONT CHARGE wait until your batre +/- 15%, now you charge your phone,i successfully update now. Always shutdown your phone at last one a day, this phone is mini computer, mustbe shutdown ;)...... Anonymous, 21 Sep 2017 Love it. Xbox live member, 30 Sep 2017 When or is there ever going to be another Microsoft Lumia, or 950/950xl are the last ?. O think Bill switched to Android platform...... It having bad issues with battery and heating , nobody supports it , microsoft is refusing fix problems and is not supporting it anymore at hardware .... Nobody can find the trouble all the companies that they used to sale it now when they see it i dont support u they sayin ... the worst of all they dont answer to solutiion microsoft only they saying is put battery saver close running apps , dont use too much time the wifi .... That phone was the most powerful from all others but this trouble now ..... Facebook messager call and video call are not working with this device ( 950 XL). The phone is also heating problem making batery draining very fast.. VPN in china to Microsoft Phone Lumia 950 xl. Xbox live member, 30 Sep 2017 When or is there ever going to be another Microsoft Lumia, or 950/950xl are the last ?. Bill Gates switches to Android phone , All I'm saying ;). When or is there ever going to be another Microsoft Lumia, or 950/950xl are the last ?. Super Amoled, his display is so magnificent 1440 multiple 2560 pixels, 20 Mega Pixel 2160, 3 gb Ram i think that is the first phone from microsoft is 3 gb ram and his processor is so fast 810 Snapdragon, corning gorilla glass 4, the battery is so great not bad, in my opinion it's better than Samsung iphone and other phones.. real, 14 Jul 2017 any one who has updated his os to the latest WINDOWS 10 update, please share the good and th... Why It Is Not Playing 360 Vedios +Is It Compatible With VR box. This is one of the best phone I have ever owed. smooth run through out the day. Even battery lasts long and Camera is the best in the series when compared to Samsung or apple phones. I finally got settled with this device with update to Windows 10..... Pages: 1 2 3 … 26 27 ». Total of 524 user reviews and opinions for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM reviews. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL HP Elite x3 Nokia 8 Nokia 6. Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. 
Mobiles / Microsoft Mobile Phones / Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. User Visits: 8 Launch Date in India: 30 November, 2015 Compare. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Description. Lately, Microsoft has been remodeling its Lumia series of Windows Phone smartphones and move from chic look to more professional design. Come to think of it, Windows phone are mostly preferred by business crowd and it seems that Microsoft is finally heading in the right direction. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL is one of the first Windows based smartphone that comes with a design that more elegant and comes with a specifications list to impress. Here is a brief overview of the handset for our readers to make up their mind.. We have already mentioned that new Windows Phone devices, the handset maker is trying to shuffle things around. Gone is the bright and chic design of the Lumia series, the new handset looks as elegant as sophisticated. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL comes with a sleek profile and attractive matte finish in Black or White colour. The rear camera is surrounded by a silver Saturn ring that adds to the whole look of the handset.. Microsoft has equipped the new handset with a subtle 5.5-inch display that is now very large and not too small as well, just the perfect size. Moreover, the display has a resolution of 2560 x1440 pixels, which means users can enjoy up to quad HD resolution on this smartphone. Moreover, the AMOLED panel of the display ensures that the colour reproduction and contrast on the display is brilliant.. One of the highlights of Windows phone is that they are designed to offer a good user experience with interactive live tiles and simplistic user interface. Moreover, this new handset comes with the latest Windows 10 update, which improves a lot over Windows 8.1 operating system and makes for a better user experience.. For a commendable and reliable performance, Microsoft has equipped the new handset with a 2 GHz processor that comes with an Octa-core set up. The processor of the handset comes with 3 GB of RAM for a consistent lag-free performance. Moreover, the handset comes powered by a 3340 mAh battery, which ensures that users can get a commendable backup on a full charge.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL is a photographer's delight as it comes with a powerful 20 Megapixels primary camera on its rear panel. Moreover, the camera on the rear panel is accompanied by a triple LED natural flash that ensures good imaging even in low light conditions. The front panel of the handset houses a 5 Megapixels selfie camera.. Being the next flagship smartphone to come out of Microsoft's stable, Lumia 950 XL comes with every bells and whistles when it comes to connectivity. The handset has been equipped with support for both 3G and 4G LTE, so that users can enjoy Internet browsing at high speed. Other than this, Lumia 950 XL also boasts of NFC, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and microUSB.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL happens to be the next flagship device from the brand and as such is one of the most power packed device in Windows Phone segment. With the latest operating system, expandable storage, enhanced connectivity and new features in Windows 10, Lumia 950 XL is unlike any other smartphone launched in Lumia series.umia 950 xl. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in India. 34,999 .00. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. 34,994 .00. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in India starts from. The lowest Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM price in India is. 34,994 at Croma.com on 26 February, 2018. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is available in Black. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 3 /5 (205 User Reviews). 34,994 (Expected Price) Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 2 GHz Octa Core 3 GB RAM 32 GB Storage 5.7" (14.48 cm) Display 3340 mAh Battery 20 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Top Alternatives. We will notify you as soon as Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is available in stock. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Specifications. 151.9 x 78.4 x 8.1 mm. 2 GHz Octa core 64 bit (ARM Cortex A57). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Optical image stabilization. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, FLAC, MIDI, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA. 3GP, AVI, H.263, H.264, MPEG4, WebM, WMV, Xvid. Handset, Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Type-C Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Top Alternatives. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Xiaomi Mi5. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Apple iPhone 7. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs OnePlus 3T. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Nokia 6. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Google Pixel XL. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Samsung Galaxy S8. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM vs Lenovo K5 Note. Microsoft Mobiles Microsoft 4G Mobiles Microsoft Windows Mobiles. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Comments. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
Home >> Phones >> Microsoft >>Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is an Windows 10 Mobile Smartphone with 5.7 Inch WQHD ClearBlack OLED Display, 20 Megapixel PureView Camera. It comes with Snapdragon 810 Octa Core Processor and 3GB RAM.. Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. - 2Ghz Snapdragon 810 Octa Core Processor. - 3GB RAM With 32 GB On-Board Storage. - 5.7 Inch WQHD Display With 515.3 PPI. - 20MP Carl Zeiss Pureview Camera With RGB LED Flash. - 5 MP Wide-Angle Front Camera. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Specifications. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft debuted its Windows 10 Mobile OS with the launch of two Lumia devices in India late last month. The company is going with a top-down approach by first introducing the best it has to offer with the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM and Lumia 950 Dual SIM and follow that up with more affordable variants across different price segments.. More than the devices though, Microsoft’s real aim is to showcase its newest Windows 10 Mobile OS, which it hopes will resonate with consumers who are (hopefully) already using Windows 10 on their desktops and ultimately, coax developers into making more universal apps for the platform.. ( Also see: Microsoft Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL – 7 New Features). Today, we’ll be taking a closer look at how this platform as evolved in its third attempt with the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. This phone is the Nexus 6P (Review | Pictures) or the iPhone 6S Plus of the Windows world and serves as a template for hardware partners to model their own creations on. Priced at par with the top-end Android offerings, let’s see if Microsoft’s finally able to crack the balance between top-of-the-line hardware and functional software.. There’s been a lot of criticism about the plastic body of Microsoft’s new smartphone and truth be told, it is quite unbecoming for a flagship of 2015. However, given enough time and a healthy price drop, it really won’t matter. Build quality is good although the fit of the rear cover could have been snugger, as the bottom portion creaks a bit when pressed. The matte finish offers decent grip and the button placement is quite ergonomic when held. The buttons themselves feel a bit tacky although tactile feedback is good. We’re not a fan of the button cluster either as we would have preferred a more traditional layout with volume and power buttons placed further apart or on either sides of the phone.. There’s a 5.7-inch Quad HD AMOLED display with Nokia’s iconic ClearBlack technology for better sunlight legibility. Microsoft has also added Corning Gorilla Glass 4 for added durability. The display is absolutely stunning, producing neutral colours and high brightness levels for almost any lighting conditions. Our test unit seemed to produce a bluish tinge on if you tilted the phone vertically or horizontally. This is easily noticeable on white backgrounds but not so much on other colours. We checked this with a couple of other units as well and noticed the same problem.. All the buttons are placed on the right, including the camera shutter button, while the headphone socket and USB Type-C charging ports are placed on the top and bottom respectively. Around the back, we have the 20-megapixel PureView camera, a triple-LED dual-tone flash and the speaker grille. The camera cluster bulges out very slightly so the speaker isn’t muffled when placed on a flat surface. You shouldn’t worry too much about scratches to the lens either as the glass cover is slightly recessed so it doesn’t actually make direct contact with the surface. The rear cover is removable and so is the 3340mAh battery. You’ll also find two slots for Nano-SIM cards and a microSD card slot.. The Lumia 950 XL might not look as glamorous as some of the other flagships but it’s well built and feels quite durable. The design does feel a bit bland however and not as exciting as past Lumia devices. The phone comes bundled with a charger with a fixed cable, USB data cable, headset and a couple of instruction booklets. The quality of the accessories is very good and they feel durable enough to last.. Microsoft hasn’t skimped on the specifications as this flagship Lumia can easily go toe-to-toe with best in the business. At its core, we have an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 SoC, 3GB of RAM, and 32GB of onboard storage. You also get dual-band Wi-Fi b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1, USB OTG, NFC, Qi wireless charging, FM radio, GPS, A-BeiDou and GLONASS. The phone also packs in an iris scanner in the front for the Windows Hello security feature.. We now come to the most important aspect of the Lumia 950 XL – its OS. After all, what good is all this hardware if you don’t have functional software to back it up.. Little has changed cosmetically in Windows 10 Mobile and we think that was done deliberately so that existing Windows Phone users would feel at home once they upgraded. Google contacts and calendars now sync correctly (something that was a problem with earlier versions of Windows Phone) and most of the stock apps are more functional and look a bit more refined. Microsoft has also paid attention to little details, like the ability to reply to an SMS inline without opening the app or Cortana informing you of an incoming message when you’re streaming music over Bluetooth and asking if you want it read out to you. We also appreciate how the typical black background and navigation icons seamlessly invert colours automatically in order to make text more readable under direct sunlight. You can also switch to one-handed mode by holding down the home button, which shrinks the screen down to half.. However, we’re not a big fan of the settings app, which despite its improved categorisation, continues to be haystack of options. Also, some settings like Glance screen and Equaliser, which typically should have been under Display and Sound sub-menus respectively, are in fact placed under Extras for some odd reason. We also faced a couple of minor software glitches like live tiles not updating correctly or disruptions in Bluetooth streaming with the Groove music app. These little bugs can be quickly fixed after a reboot, but we hope these are ironed out permanently in the next build.The phone comes with a bunch of pre-installed apps like Audible, Cleartrip, Facebook, Jet Airways, Lumia Creative Studio, Microsoft Office suite, Ola and Zomato.. Windows Hello is Microsoft’s iris recognition security feature and even though the app is still in beta, it works surprisingly well. Setting it up is as simple as letting it scan your eyes and saving your iris pattern. You can redo this process under different lighting conditions to make the sensor more effective. It takes just a second or two to identify you under good light and a bit longer in low-light. It will even work under complete darkness with just the light from the screen illuminating your eyes, although you’ll have to hold the phone a bit closer to your face.. We now come to another highly advertised feature called Continuum. For those who don’t know, it lets you extend your phone’s display to a monitor or TV so you can be more productive with work apps. Before you can do any of that though, you’ll have to buy Microsoft’s Display Dock which retails for Rs. The dock is weighted with a rubber base, so it doesn’t move about on your desk. You’ll have to invest in a HDMI or DisplayPort cable separately as that’s not included in the box.. Once plugged in, the extension of your phone’s display takes the form of a Windows 10 desktop. You can plug in additional USB accessories to the dock and use a keyboard and mouse if you like or simply use the phone’s display as a trackpad. You can access all your apps from the start menu, which is a replica of all the tiles on your phone. Multiple apps can be opened and you can Alt-Tab between them but naturally only one instance is allowed at a time. Apps from Microsoft and some third-party developers can run in extended mode but many can’t, not yet at least. The beauty of Continuum is that you can run different apps on your phone and the big screen, at the same time. So for instance, you could be showing off calculations in an Excel file on the big screen while you refer to your private notes in OneNote on your phone.. We wish there was a way to resize apps so we could have a true multi-window desktop experience. Also, your phone’s display is constantly on and is charging the whole time when you’re using Continuum, which is not a big deal if you’re using it for a short while but extended usage could have an impact on the battery’s charge cycles in the long run.. Besides extending your display, you can even choose to clone it. The most useful application of Continuum currently is working on Office apps which offer you desktop-like functionality to your existing Windows 10 Mobile apps. Commonly used commands like ‘Ctrl C’ and ‘Alt F4’ all work in this mode. Microsoft and other partners will soon offer a wireless dock as well, which will be more useful for sharing content from your phone with others.. If you mostly use your PC for surfing the Web, watching movies, or working on that occasional Word or Excel document, you could possibly get away with only using Continuum on your Windows 10 Mobile device. However, most cannot expect to ditch their PC just yet though as currently not many third-party apps scale to the big screen. But with time, if developers port their apps to the Windows Store and make them universal, you could realistically do away with a PC altogether. Of course, Microsoft would also have to add more desktop-like functionality as we mentioned earlier in order to broaden the feature’s appeal.. The Lumia 950 XL takes a little time to fully finish syncing with all the signed in services, during which you’ll have few slow-downs and unresponsiveness. However, give it a couple of hours and it just flies after that. It’s worth pointing out that we faced this because we signed into all our accounts like Microsoft and Google at the same time and there was a lot of data to sync from the cloud in our case. If you sign into your Microsoft account and there isn’t much to sync, you are unlikely to face this problem.. Native app performance and interface animations are fluid and quick as they have always been on Windows Phone. 4G works on either SIM slot depending on the one you choose for data. The phone does heat up, but thankfully, it cools down just as fast due to the heat-pipe (or liquid cooling) and the plastic body.. The app store on Windows 10 Mobile isn’t as flush with choices when compared to iOS or Android but it’s not as bad as it was a couple of years ago. Yes, many multi-platform apps like Whatsapp or Telegram don’t particularly look or function as well as they do on other platforms, but at least they’re present and work as they should. Microsoft’s native apps and some third-party apps like Zomato or Twitter are designed very well but most of the others lack polish. Official Google apps are not present but Microsoft’s own Outlook Mail and Bing Maps are decent alternatives. The apps scene could very well change a year down the line, now that the Windows Store on the desktop and mobile is the same. This means, if you buy a game from the store on your PC, you can install that same copy on the phone as well, provided you’re signed into the same account.. Microsoft’s new Edge browser is speedy and does a good job at rendering heavy webpages. In browser benchmarks, we got high score of 46.6 points in JetStream 1.1 and 7180 in Octane.. The Groove music player isn’t the best stock audio player but gets the job done. We just wish there was an easier way to access the equaliser settings from within the app. The rear speaker is just mono but the audio quality is loud and distinct. The earbuds on the bundled headset aren’t in-ear and don’t have a good fit. The good news is that there’s native support for FLAC audio format now. The Films and TV stock video player is also quite barebones but thankfully, MX Player is present in the store. 4K video plays back without any hassle too.. When it comes to the camera, the Lumia 950 XL is easily one of the best out there. The two-step shutter button lets you activate the camera app instantly and saving a picture is very quick. The Carl Zeiss optics boasts of an f/1.9 aperture for the sensor and Optical Image Stabilisation. All of this comes together, thanks to excellent camera app, resulting in some truly stunning images and videos.. Landscapes and macros are very well detailed with near-accurate colours in daylight. Indoor and low-light images are pretty spot on as well with very little noise and good detail. You can manually adjust all the settings too to get more artistic shots.. Video recording goes up to 4K at 30fps but you can switch to various combinations of resolutions and frame rates. Quality of the recorded video is very good, even in low-light. You can add more shooting modes by downloading additional ‘lenses’ from the store. The front-facing camera is also quite good for selfies. The triple-LED flash is powerful and evenly lights you your subject, provided they are within reasonable distance.. The phone put on a good show in our video loop test, lasting us 12 hours and 37 minutes. However, under regular, we noticed the battery tends to drain a lot quicker and just about manages a full day’s worth of usage. The phone comes with fast-charging support and we could go from empty to 47 percent charge in just 30 minutes.. It’s been a little more than five years since Microsoft launched its mobile version of Windows and we finally have a platform with serious potential. Windows 10 Mobile is still rough around the edges but with timely updates, we could be looking at a real force to be reckoned with in time. App functionality has improved greatly but we’re still missing variety that other platforms offer. Hopefully, developers will have more incentive to port their apps over, now that Windows Store is common across desktop and mobile platforms.. Take away these teething software niggles and the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is a rather excellent smartphone that does everything you ask of it, and more. The design and build could have better considering its premium price but other than that, it has a very good display, a superb camera, good battery life, fast charging and all the other hardware specs one would expect from a flagship. In addition, you also get an iris scanner for better security and support for Windows Continuum. The latter is a cool feature to have but it’s not something most would end up using on a daily basis.. At Rs 49,399, the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM feels quite expensive and will most like be the reason potential customers would look elsewhere. If Microsoft is serious about taking back some market share in India, then this doesn’t seem like a logical way to go about it. There needs to be a healthy price drop soon in order to make it more tempting, else it will be a tough sell.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM in pictures. Download the Gadgets 360 app for Android and iOS to stay up to date with the latest tech news, product reviews, and exclusive deals on the popular mobiles.. March 4, 2016 March 4, 2016 najlanki Lumia , Microsoft , Review. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:. Email (required) (Address never made public). You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. You are commenting using your Twitter account. You are commenting using your Facebook account. You are commenting using your Google+ account. Notify me of new comments via email.. Previous Post Asus ZenFone Max. Next Post Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 First. 1 2 3 4 5 6. 7 8 9 10 11 12 13. 14 15 16 17 18 19 20. 21 22 23 24 25 26 27. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 3.5 out of 5 stars. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Review. Roydon Cerejo , 05 January 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. (Tap for full-sized images) (Tap for full-sized images). Microsoft debuted its Windows 10 Mobile OS with the launch of two Lumia devices in India late last month. The company is going with a top-down approach by first introducing the best it has to offer with the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM and Lumia 950 Dual SIM and follow that up with more affordable variants across different price segments.. More than the devices though, Microsoft's real aim is to showcase its newest Windows 10 Mobile OS, which it hopes will resonate with consumers who are (hopefully) already using Windows 10 on their desktops and ultimately, coax developers into making more universal apps for the platform.. ( Also see: Microsoft Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL - 7 New Features ). Today, we'll be taking a closer look at how this platform as evolved in its third attempt with the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. This phone is the Nexus 6P ( Review | Pictures ) or the iPhone 6S Plus of the Windows world and serves as a template for hardware partners to model their own creations on. Priced at par with the top-end Android offerings, let's see if Microsoft's finally able to crack the balance between top-of-the-line hardware and functional software.. Look and feel There's been a lot of criticism about the plastic body of Microsoft's new smartphone and truth be told, it is quite unbecoming for a flagship of 2015. However, given enough time and a healthy price drop, it really won't matter. Build quality is good although the fit of the rear cover could have been snugger, as the bottom portion creaks a bit when pressed. The matte finish offers decent grip and the button placement is quite ergonomic when held. The buttons themselves feel a bit tacky although tactile feedback is good. We're not a fan of the button cluster either as we would have preferred a more traditional layout with volume and power buttons placed further apart or on either sides of the phone.. There's a 5.7-inch Quad HD AMOLED display with Nokia's iconic ClearBlack technology for better sunlight legibility. Microsoft has also added Corning Gorilla Glass 4 for added durability. The display is absolutely stunning, producing neutral colours and high brightness levels for almost any lighting conditions. Our test unit seemed to produce a bluish tinge on if you tilted the phone vertically or horizontally. This is easily noticeable on white backgrounds but not so much on other colours. We checked this with a couple of other units as well and noticed the same problem.. All the buttons are placed on the right, including the camera shutter button, while the headphone socket and USB Type-C charging ports are placed on the top and bottom respectively. Around the back, we have the 20-megapixel PureView camera, a triple-LED dual-tone flash and the speaker grille. The camera cluster bulges out very slightly so the speaker isn't muffled when placed on a flat surface. You shouldn't worry too much about scratches to the lens either as the glass cover is slightly recessed so it doesn't actually make direct contact with the surface. The rear cover is removable and so is the 3340mAh battery. You'll also find two slots for Nano-SIM cards and a microSD card slot.. The Lumia 950 XL might not look as glamorous as some of the other flagships but it's well built and feels quite durable. The design does feel a bit bland however and not as exciting as past Lumia devices. The phone comes bundled with a charger with a fixed cable, USB data cable, headset and a couple of instruction booklets. The quality of the accessories is very good and they feel durable enough to last.. Specifications and software Microsoft hasn't skimped on the specifications as this flagship Lumia can easily go toe-to-toe with best in the business. At its core, we have an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 SoC, 3GB of RAM, and 32GB of onboard storage. You also get dual-band Wi-Fi b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1, USB OTG, NFC, Qi wireless charging, FM radio, GPS, A-BeiDou and GLONASS. The phone also packs in an iris scanner in the front for the Windows Hello security feature.. Windows 10 Mobile and Continuum We now come to the most important aspect of the Lumia 950 XL - its OS. After all, what good is all this hardware if you don't have functional software to back it up.. Little has changed cosmetically in Windows 10 Mobile and we think that was done deliberately so that existing Windows Phone users would feel at home once they upgraded. Google contacts and calendars now sync correctly (something that was a problem with earlier versions of Windows Phone) and most of the stock apps are more functional and look a bit more refined. Microsoft has also paid attention to little details, like the ability to reply to an SMS inline without opening the app or Cortana informing you of an incoming message when you're streaming music over Bluetooth and asking if you want it read out to you. We also appreciate how the typical black background and navigation icons seamlessly invert colours automatically in order to make text more readable under direct sunlight. You can also switch to one-handed mode by holding down the home button, which shrinks the screen down to half.. However, we're not a big fan of the settings app, which despite its improved categorisation, continues to be haystack of options. Also, some settings like Glance screen and Equaliser, which typically should have been under Display and Sound sub-menus respectively, are in fact placed under Extras for some odd reason. We also faced a couple of minor software glitches like live tiles not updating correctly or disruptions in Bluetooth streaming with the Groove music app. These little bugs can be quickly fixed after a reboot, but we hope these are ironed out permanently in the next build.The phone comes with a bunch of pre-installed apps like Audible, Cleartrip, Facebook, Jet Airways, Lumia Creative Studio, Microsoft Office suite, Ola and Zomato.. Windows Hello is Microsoft's iris recognition security feature and even though the app is still in beta, it works surprisingly well. Setting it up is as simple as letting it scan your eyes and saving your iris pattern. You can redo this process under different lighting conditions to make the sensor more effective. It takes just a second or two to identify you under good light and a bit longer in low-light. It will even work under complete darkness with just the light from the screen illuminating your eyes, although you'll have to hold the phone a bit closer to your face.. We now come to another highly advertised feature called Continuum. For those who don't know, it lets you extend your phone's display to a monitor or TV so you can be more productive with work apps. Before you can do any of that though, you'll have to buy Microsoft's Display Dock which retails for Rs. The dock is weighted with a rubber base, so it doesn't move about on your desk. You'll have to invest in a HDMI or DisplayPort cable separately as that's not included in the box.. Once plugged in, the extension of your phone's display takes the form of a Windows 10 desktop. You can plug in additional USB accessories to the dock and use a keyboard and mouse if you like or simply use the phone's display as a trackpad. You can access all your apps from the start menu, which is a replica of all the tiles on your phone. Multiple apps can be opened and you can Alt-Tab between them but naturally only one instance is allowed at a time. Apps from Microsoft and some third-party developers can run in extended mode but many can't, not yet at least. The beauty of Continuum is that you can run different apps on your phone and the big screen, at the same time. So for instance, you could be showing off calculations in an Excel file on the big screen while you refer to your private notes in OneNote on your phone.. We wish there was a way to resize apps so we could have a true multi-window desktop experience. Also, your phone's display is constantly on and is charging the whole time when you're using Continuum, which is not a big deal if you're using it for a short while but extended usage could have an impact on the battery's charge cycles in the long run.. Besides extending your display, you can even choose to clone it. The most useful application of Continuum currently is working on Office apps which offer you desktop-like functionality to your existing Windows 10 Mobile apps. Commonly used commands like 'Ctrl C' and 'Alt F4' all work in this mode. Microsoft and other partners will soon offer a wireless dock as well, which will be more useful for sharing content from your phone with others.. If you mostly use your PC for surfing the Web, watching movies, or working on that occasional Word or Excel document, you could possibly get away with only using Continuum on your Windows 10 Mobile device. However, most cannot expect to ditch their PC just yet though as currently not many third-party apps scale to the big screen. But with time, if developers port their apps to the Windows Store and make them universal, you could realistically do away with a PC altogether. Of course, Microsoft would also have to add more desktop-like functionality as we mentioned earlier in order to broaden the feature's appeal.. Performance The Lumia 950 XL takes a little time to fully finish syncing with all the signed in services, during which you'll have few slow-downs and unresponsiveness. However, give it a couple of hours and it just flies after that. It's worth pointing out that we faced this because we signed into all our accounts like Microsoft and Google at the same time and there was a lot of data to sync from the cloud in our case. If you sign into your Microsoft account and there isn't much to sync, you are unlikely to face this problem.. Native app performance and interface animations are fluid and quick as they have always been on Windows Phone. 4G works on either SIM slot depending on the one you choose for data. The phone does heat up, but thankfully, it cools down just as fast due to the heat-pipe (or liquid cooling) and the plastic body.. The app store on Windows 10 Mobile isn't as flush with choices when compared to iOS or Android but it's not as bad as it was a couple of years ago. Yes, many multi-platform apps like Whatsapp or Telegram don't particularly look or function as well as they do on other platforms, but at least they're present and work as they should. Microsoft's native apps and some third-party apps like Zomato or Twitter are designed very well but most of the others lack polish. Official Google apps are not present but Microsoft's own Outlook Mail and Bing Maps are decent alternatives. The apps scene could very well change a year down the line, now that the Windows Store on the desktop and mobile is the same. This means, if you buy a game from the store on your PC, you can install that same copy on the phone as well, provided you're signed into the same account.. Microsoft's new Edge browser is speedy and does a good job at rendering heavy webpages. In browser benchmarks, we got high score of 46.6 points in JetStream 1.1 and 7180 in Octane.. The Groove music player isn't the best stock audio player but gets the job done. We just wish there was an easier way to access the equaliser settings from within the app. The rear speaker is just mono but the audio quality is loud and distinct. The earbuds on the bundled headset aren't in-ear and don't have a good fit. The good news is that there's native support for FLAC audio format now. The Films and TV stock video player is also quite barebones but thankfully, MX Player is present in the store. 4K video plays back without any hassle too.. When it comes to the camera, the Lumia 950 XL is easily one of the best out there. The two-step shutter button lets you activate the camera app instantly and saving a picture is very quick. The Carl Zeiss optics boasts of an f/1.9 aperture for the sensor and Optical Image Stabilisation. All of this comes together, thanks to excellent camera app, resulting in some truly stunning images and videos.. Landscapes and macros are very well detailed with near-accurate colours in daylight. Indoor and low-light images are pretty spot on as well with very little noise and good detail. You can manually adjust all the settings too to get more artistic shots.. Video recording goes up to 4K at 30fps but you can switch to various combinations of resolutions and frame rates. Quality of the recorded video is very good, even in low-light. You can add more shooting modes by downloading additional 'lenses' from the store. The front-facing camera is also quite good for selfies. The triple-LED flash is powerful and evenly lights you your subject, provided they are within reasonable distance.. The phone put on a good show in our video loop test, lasting us 12 hours and 37 minutes. However, under regular, we noticed the battery tends to drain a lot quicker and just about manages a full day's worth of usage. The phone comes with fast-charging support and we could go from empty to 47 percent charge in just 30 minutes.. Verdict It's been a little more than five years since Microsoft launched its mobile version of Windows and we finally have a platform with serious potential. Windows 10 Mobile is still rough around the edges but with timely updates, we could be looking at a real force to be reckoned with in time. App functionality has improved greatly but we're still missing variety that other platforms offer. Hopefully, developers will have more incentive to port their apps over, now that Windows Store is common across desktop and mobile platforms.. Take away these teething software niggles and the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is a rather excellent smartphone that does everything you ask of it, and more. The design and build could have better considering its premium price but other than that, it has a very good display, a superb camera, good battery life, fast charging and all the other hardware specs one would expect from a flagship. In addition, you also get an iris scanner for better security and support for Windows Continuum. The latter is a cool feature to have but it's not something most would end up using on a daily basis.. At Rs 49,399, the Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM feels quite expensive and will most like be the reason potential customers would look elsewhere. If Microsoft is serious about taking back some market share in India, then this doesn't seem like a logical way to go about it. There needs to be a healthy price drop soon in order to make it more tempting, else it will be a tough sell.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM in pictures. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Excellent camera Very good display Good battery life Iris scanner and Continuum Bad Quality of apps could be better Steep launch price Looks a bit boring. Read detailed Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM review. Microsoft Lumia 950, 950 XL Now Bundled With Display Dock, Office 365 Subscription in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Review. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Launched in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM India Launch Set for Monday. More Microsoft mobiles Microsoft mobiles price in India. Further reading: Lumia , Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM , Microsoft , Microsoft Lumia 950 XL , Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM , Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM price , Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM price in India , Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM review , Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM specifications , Microsoft Lumia 950 XL review , smartphones. Roydon Cerejo Email Roydon More. An armchair fitness freak, loves everything tech. Recovering compulsive hoarder of PC components.. Rise of the Tomb Raider PC Free with Nvidia Cards; Disc Edition India Price Revealed. Samsung Flags 15 Percent Increase in Q4 Operating Profit. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Review. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
"The phone that works like your PC". GSM , HSPA , LTE. Zeiss optics with f/1.9 aperture. 4K video ( 2160p ) at 30. HSDPA (850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100. MHz), GSM (850, 900, 1800, 1900. MHz), Wi-Fi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac ), Bluetooth 4.1 , GPS , GLONASS. LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 20, 28, 38, 40: 2100, 1900, 1800, 1700/2100, 850, 2600, 900, 700, 800, 700, 2600, 2300), USB-C. Iris scanner (near infrared) for Windows Hello. Continuum for Phone via Microsoft Display Dock or Miracast. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM specifications. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL is a smartphone developed by Microsoft , officially revealed on October 6, 2015 [1] and released on November 20, 2015 alongside the smaller Lumia 950. [2] The Lumia 950 XL is the successor to the Nokia Lumia 1520 and is among the first phones to natively run Windows 10 Mobile. The phone is primarily aimed at users desiring a flagship device, in contrast to Microsoft's previous strategy of targeting developing markets with low-end hardware.. The Lumia 950 XL has a polycarbonate frame with a removable back shell, allowing access to the battery as well as SIM and microSD card slots. The phone is available in two colors, black and white, although third-party replacement shells are available in different colors and materials. The Lumia 950 XL uses a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 SoC which combines four 2. GHz Cortex-A57 and four 1.5. GHz Cortex-A53 cores in a big.LITTLE architecture, allowing more computationally intensive workloads to run on the faster "big" cores while threads with less priority run on the slower "LITTLE" cores. The SoC also includes an Adreno 430 GPU and is cooled by a heat pipe that dissipates heat inside the phone. GB of LPDDR4 RAM, and 32. GB of internal storage which can be expanded with microSD cards up to 200. The Lumia 950 XL has a 5.7. mm) AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560x1440 ( WQHD ) and a 16:9 aspect ratio. The display is protected by Gorilla Glass 4 and features ClearBlack technology for improved sunlight visibility, as well as double tap to wake, [7] but unlike earlier Lumia flagships it does not support some features like Super Sensitive touch. The Lumia 950 XL has a 20. MP PureView -branded rear-facing camera, containing a 1/2.4. in BSI sensor with 1.12. μm pixels and phase-detection autofocus , a 6-element Carl Zeiss lens with a f/1.9 aperture and 5th-gen optical image stabilization , and a triple- LED RGB flash that can adjust to match the color of ambient light. [9] [10] Maximum image resolution is 4992x3744 pixels (18.7. MP) in 4:3 aspect ratio and 5344x3008 pixels (16.1. The camera can also capture oversampled 8. MP images, optionally with a full-resolution DNG file that enables more post-processing possibilities. [11] The camera supports video capture at up to 4K (3840x2160) resolution, as well as slow-motion video at 120. fps, albeit at a reduced resolution of 720p.. The front-facing camera has a 5. MP sensor and a wide-angle f/2.4 lens, supporting video capture at up to 1080p resolution. The camera also supports Windows Hello through iris recognition with the help of an infrared LED. The Lumia 950 XL supports 4G LTE technology with maximum transfer speeds of 300. Other wireless connectivity options include dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac , Wi-Fi hotspot , NFC , Bluetooth 4.1, and wireless screen projection via Miracast. Physical connectors include a 3.5. mm audio jack , as well as a USB-C connector for charging and data transfer. The latter supports USB OTG , enabling the use of peripherals like mice, flash drives or external microphones, [13] and USB-C fast charging. The Lumia 950 XL supports wireless inductive charging using the Qi standard. The AT&T version also supports the PMA standard. With either the addition of a Microsoft Display Dock or by connecting to a Miracast receiver, the Lumia 950 XL is compatible with Windows Continuum, a technology that allows users to connect their devices to an external monitor for a desktop-like experience. The Lumia 950 XL originally launched with Windows 10 Mobile Version 1511. Microsoft released Windows 10 Mobile Version 1607 ( Anniversary Update ) in August 2016, [17] [18] and Version 1703 ( Creators Update ) in April 2017. The phone has issues with AT&T 's LTE network when users do not first insert a SIM card before going through the phone's setup procedure, [21] [22] Cortana can cause echoes during voice calls, [23] and the phone has been reported to have Wi-Fi issues [24] and to experience reboots. The back cover produces a creaky sound in the corners. It can be fixed by adding some sticky posts to the inside of the back cover. The Lumia 950 XL was generally well-received, with most reviewers commending the high-end specifications and camera performance, but finding the design to be less "premium" than competing flagships, and the app ecosystem to be less comprehensive than Android or iOS .. GSMArena gave the Lumia 950 XL a very favorable review, praising the specifications, display and camera, and commending Microsoft's unification of the UI and app stores of Windows 10 on mobile and desktop devices. The polycarbonate design was seen to be somewhat lacking given the price, with the reviewer saying that the phone "performs like a flagship champ, it's priced like a flagship champ, but it doesn't look the part". Tom Warren of The Verge was highly critical of the design, calling it "uninspired, plasticky" and saying it "looks like a developer device". The aesthetics of the Windows 10 Mobile OS were also criticized, although the universal apps and Continuum were seen as promising. Camera performance was found to be good, with only a few flaws like autofocus speed and reliability of image processing. Dragan Petric of Notebook Review criticized the ergonomics, saying the phone "doesn’t feel comfortable to hold" due to some sharp edges, and considered the design to be unfitting of a flagship device. The display was praised, with color accuracy as the only complaint, and the phone's camera was said to be "outstanding in any lighting condition". The review also highlighted the potential of Continuum and compared Windows Hello favorably with fingerprint readers. Hannah Francis of The Sydney Morning Herald called the Lumia 950 XL "different, but not in a good way", commending Microsoft for features like Continuum but criticizing the execution. Price and app selection were also seen as major downsides. Expert Reviews gave the Lumia 950 XL a score of 3/5, with reviewer Katharine Byrne finding the performance disappointing despite high specifications. The Edge browser was highlighted as performing very well, and the reviewer also praised the display and camera, describing images taken with the phone as having "an astonishing level of detail". ^ Callaham, John (October 6, 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL smartphones officially announced". ^ Rubino, Daniel (November 9, 2015). "Sources say AT&T is set to release the Lumia 950 on Friday, November 20". ^ "Genuine leather backs for Microsoft Lumia 950 and 950 XL from Mozo". ^ Rubino, Daniel (January 20, 2016). "Review of the Orange and Blue replacement shells for the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL". ^ "Does my Lumia 950 XL have liquid cooling?". ^ Levi, Joe (October 6, 2015). "A liquid cooled smartphone: an inevitable, and very smart move". ^ Rubino, Daniel (July 7, 2016). "Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL getting double-tap to wake, WiFi fixes in new firmware". ^ K., Paul (January 19, 2016). "The Microsoft Lumia 950's Super sensitive touch screen – neither super, nor that sensitive?". ^ Caldwell, Jonathan (October 27, 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 XL's 20MP camera is quite impressive". ^ Alakarhu, Juha (October 15, 2015). "Camera magic on Microsoft Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL". ^ "What is the DNG format in Lumia Camera in my Lumia?". ^ Smith, Russell (January 20, 2016). "Windows 10 Tip: Using the Lumia 950 with Windows Hello". ^ Rubino, Daniel (November 20, 2015). "The Lumia 950 and USB OTG: Thumb drives, microphones and keyboards". ^ Litchfield, Steve (April 1, 2016). "The Lumia 950/XL are *not* Quick Charge 2.0 compatible - but it doesn't matter!". ^ Guim, Mark (November 17, 2015). "Prep for Lumia 950 & 950 XL: Wireless charging & what charger to get". ^ Huculak, Mauro (October 8, 2015). "How Continuum for Windows 10 Mobile works on Lumia 950 & Lumia 950 XL". ^ Brengel, Kellogg (August 16, 2016). "Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update now available for some". ^ Fortin, Michael (August 2, 2016). "How to get the Windows 10 Anniversary Update". ^ Bowden, Zac (April 26, 2017). "Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update begins phased rollout for supported handsets". ^ Cable, John (March 30, 2017). "Managing the Windows 10 Creators Update rollout for a seamless experience". ^ "Microsoft Lumia 950 and 950 XL Having Problems with AT&T's LTE". ^ Calpito, Dave (November 29, 2015). "Some Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Users Having Trouble Getting AT&T 4G LTE Signal". ^ Rubino, Daniel (December 7, 2015). "Hey Cortana causing echoes for Lumia 950 during phone calls". ^ Popa, Bogdan (December 10, 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 and 950 XL Suffering from Wi-Fi Connectivity Issues". ^ Allison, Michael (December 22, 2015). "Three things Microsoft needs to fix in the Lumia 950 and 950 XL immediately". ^ Rubino, Daniel (December 3, 2015). "Here's a quick fix for a creaky Lumia 950 XL back cover". ^ "Microsoft Lumia 950 XL review". ^ Warren, Tom (December 18, 2015). ^ Petric, Dragan (December 23, 2015). ^ Francis, Hannah (December 10, 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 XL phone review: different, but not in a good way". ^ Byrne, Katherine (December 14, 2015). 1 Nokia-branded and developed by the Nokia Corporation. 2 Nokia-branded but developed by Microsoft Mobile Oy under a transitional license agreement. Categories : Windows 10 Mobile devices Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Microsoft Lumia Videotelephony Touchscreen mobile phones Mobile phones Smartphones Microsoft hardware. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. تۆرکجه Español فارسی 한국어 Italiano Suomi Türkçe. This page was last edited on 24 January 2018, at 03:10. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
(Redirected from Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM ). "The phone that works like your PC". GSM , HSPA , LTE. Zeiss optics with f/1.9 aperture. 4K video ( 2160p ) at 30. HSDPA (850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100. MHz), GSM (850, 900, 1800, 1900. MHz), Wi-Fi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac ), Bluetooth 4.1 , GPS , GLONASS , BeiDou. LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 28, 38, 40: 2100, 1900, 1800, 1700/2100, 850, 2600, 900, 700, 700, 800, 700, 2600, 2300), USB-C. Iris scanner (near infrared) for Windows Hello. Continuum for Phone via Microsoft Display Dock. www .microsoft .com /en /mobile /phone /lumia950. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM specifications. Microsoft Lumia 950 is a smartphone developed by Microsoft , officially revealed on October 6, 2015 [1] alongside the larger Lumia 950 XL. The phone was first released on AT&T in the US on November 17, 2015, [2] [3] and subsequently made available on the Microsoft Store [4] as well as in other countries. The Lumia 950 is the successor to the 2014 Nokia Lumia 930 and is among the first phones to natively run Windows 10 Mobile. The phone is primarily aimed at users desiring a flagship device, in contrast to Microsoft's previous strategy of targeting developing markets with low-end hardware.. Microsoft's numbering convention designates the Lumia 950 as a 5th-generation device in the high-end 900 series.. The Lumia 950 has a polycarbonate frame with a removable back shell, allowing access to the battery as well as SIM and microSD card slots. The phone is available in two colors, black and white, although third-party replacement shells are available in different colors and materials. The Lumia 950 uses a Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992 SoC which combines two 1.82. GHz Cortex-A57 and four 1.44. GHz Cortex-A53 cores in a big.LITTLE architecture, allowing more computationally intensive workloads to run on the faster "big" cores while threads with less priority run on the slower "LITTLE" cores. The SoC also includes an Adreno 418 GPU and is paired with 3. GB of LPDDR3 RAM. GB of internal storage which can be expanded with microSD cards up to 200. The Lumia 950 has a 5.2. mm) AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560x1440 ( WQHD ) and a 16:9 aspect ratio. The display is protected by Gorilla Glass 3 and features ClearBlack technology for improved sunlight visibility, as well as double tap to wake, [8] but unlike earlier Lumia flagships it does not support some features like Super Sensitive touch. The Lumia 950 has a 20. MP PureView -branded rear-facing camera, containing a 1/2.4. in BSI sensor with 1.12. μm pixels and phase-detection autofocus , a 6-element Carl Zeiss lens with a f/1.9 aperture and 5th-gen optical image stabilization , and a triple- LED RGB flash that can adjust to match the color of ambient light. [10] [11] Maximum image resolution is 4992x3744 pixels (18.7. MP) in 4:3 aspect ratio and 5344x3008 pixels (16.1. The camera can also capture oversampled 8. MP images, optionally with a full-resolution DNG file that enables more post-processing possibilities. [12] The camera supports video capture at up to 4K (3840x2160) resolution, as well as slow-motion video at 120. fps, albeit at a reduced resolution of 720p.. The front-facing camera has a 5. MP sensor and a wide-angle f/2.4 lens, supporting video capture at up to 1080p resolution. The camera also supports Windows Hello through iris recognition with the help of an infrared LED. The Lumia 950 supports 4G LTE technology with maximum transfer speeds of 300. Other wireless connectivity options include dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac , Wi-Fi hotspot , NFC , Bluetooth 4.1, and wireless screen projection via Miracast. Physical connectors include a 3.5. mm audio jack , as well as a USB-C connector for charging and data transfer. The latter supports USB OTG , enabling the use of peripherals like mice, flash drives or external microphones, [14] and USB-C fast charging. The Lumia 950 supports wireless inductive charging using the Qi standard. The AT&T version also supports the PMA standard. With either the addition of a Microsoft Display Dock or by connecting to a Miracast receiver, the Lumia 950 is compatible with Windows Continuum, a technology that allows users to connect their devices to an external monitor for a desktop-like experience. The Lumia 950 originally launched with Windows 10 Mobile Version 1511. Microsoft released Windows 10 Mobile Version 1607 ( Anniversary Update ) in August 2016, [18] [19] and Version 1703 ( Creators Update ) in April 2017. The phone has issues with AT&T 's LTE network when users do not first insert a SIM card before going through the phone's setup procedure, [22] [23] Cortana can cause echoes during voice calls, [24] and the phone has been reported to have Wi-Fi issues. Australian carrier Telstra has claimed the Lumia 950 has connectivity issues on their network. Both the Lumia 950 and 950 XL were reported to experience reboots and crashes after their release. [27] Most issues were subsequently fixed with Anniversary update in 2016. The Lumia 950 was generally well-received, with most reviewers commending the high-end specifications and camera performance, but finding the design to be less "premium" than competing flagships, and the app ecosystem to be less comprehensive than Android or iOS.. Daniel Rubino of Windows Central described the phone as packing "all the bells and whistles that Windows Phone fans have been clamoring for all in one device". The review particularly praised the camera, including image quality as well as features like Rich Capture and Living Images; overall verdict for the camera was "quite phenomenal". The phone's design was called "practical, but not beautiful", and features like Windows Hello and Continuum were reported to be working well, albeit with some issues. The Windows 10 Mobile operating system and its app selection were pointed out as the biggest weaknesses. GSMArena rated the Lumia 950 very highly, saying that the phone "lives up to the hype and delivers on all advertised promises". The review highlighted the specifications, display and camera as being "top-notch" and found both Windows Hello and Continuum to be working "as advertised". While some faults were found with the design, battery life and price, the review concluded with: "Microsoft has done an amazing job with the Lumia 950... It's an eagerly anticipated phone and ... it deserves every bit of praise it gets." [29]. PhoneArena gave the Lumia 950 a score of 7/10, describing it as "a phone ideal for the Windows fan", praising the display as well as features like Windows Hello, Continuum and Office integration. The main downsides were seen to be the design and app selection, while battery performance was determined to be average. Baig of USA Today commended the camera and replaceable battery, while describing the hardware specifications as "robust". However, new features like Windows Hello and Continuum were considered not to be "fully baked", and the design was described as less premium than competing flagships. The reviewer concluded by saying: "When it comes to phones however, [Microsoft] still has plenty of work to do." [31]. Matthew Miller of ZDNet described the design as "an uninspiring, simple rectangular form factor", but acknowledged the practical advantages of plastic over materials like glass or aluminum. The Windows app ecosystem was seen as lacking in both quantity and quality compared to Android and iOS, and the reviewer expressed concern over the performance of the OS itself, although commending a number of features like "the Action Center, the awesome keyboard and predictive text engine, and reader mode in the browser". Todd Haselton of TechnoBuffalo commended the inclusion of a dedicated camera key and overall imaging capabilities, but criticized the design and said the user interface of Windows 10 Mobile "feels unfinished". The reviewer gave the phone a "Don't Buy" rating, recommending readers to wait for an improved successor. ^ Callaham, John (October 6, 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL smartphones officially announced". ^ Tofel, Kevin (November 16, 2015). "AT&T to start selling Microsoft Lumia 950 on November 17". ^ Edmonds, Rich (November 17, 2015). "Lumia 950 is now available for you to buy online from AT&T". ^ Jonnalagadda, Harish (November 25, 2015). "Unlocked Lumia 950 and 950 XL available for purchase directly from the Microsoft Store". ^ Callaham, John (November 26, 2015). "Microsoft's Lumia 950 and 950 XL start shipping in other parts of the world". ^ "Genuine leather backs for Microsoft Lumia 950 and 950 XL from Mozo". ^ Rubino, Daniel (January 20, 2016). "Review of the Orange and Blue replacement shells for the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL". ^ Rubino, Daniel (July 7, 2016). "Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL getting double-tap to wake, WiFi fixes in new firmware". ^ K., Paul (January 19, 2016). "The Microsoft Lumia 950's Super sensitive touch screen – neither super, nor that sensitive?". ^ Caldwell, Jonathan (October 27, 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 XL's 20MP camera is quite impressive". ^ Alakarhu, Juha (October 15, 2015). "Camera magic on Microsoft Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL". ^ "What is the DNG format in Lumia Camera in my Lumia?". ^ Smith, Russell (January 20, 2016). "Windows 10 Tip: Using the Lumia 950 with Windows Hello". ^ Rubino, Daniel (November 20, 2015). "The Lumia 950 and USB OTG: Thumb drives, microphones and keyboards". ^ Litchfield, Steve (April 1, 2016). "The Lumia 950/XL are *not* Quick Charge 2.0 compatible - but it doesn't matter!". ^ Guim, Mark (November 17, 2015). "Prep for Lumia 950 & 950 XL: Wireless charging & what charger to get". ^ Huculak, Mauro (October 8, 2015). "How Continuum for Windows 10 Mobile works on Lumia 950 & Lumia 950 XL". ^ Brengel, Kellogg (August 16, 2016). "Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update now available for some". ^ Fortin, Michael (August 2, 2016). "How to get the Windows 10 Anniversary Update". ^ Bowden, Zac (April 26, 2017). "Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update begins phased rollout for supported handsets". ^ Cable, John (March 30, 2017). "Managing the Windows 10 Creators Update rollout for a seamless experience". ^ "Microsoft Lumia 950 and 950 XL Having Problems with AT&T's LTE". ^ Calpito, Dave (November 29, 2015). "Some Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Users Having Trouble Getting AT&T 4G LTE Signal". ^ Rubino, Daniel (December 7, 2015). "Hey Cortana causing echoes for Lumia 950 during phone calls". ^ Popa, Bogdan (December 10, 2015). "Microsoft Lumia 950 and 950 XL Suffering from Wi-Fi Connectivity Issues". ^ Popa, Bogdan (January 24, 2016). "Australian Carrier Says Lumia 950 Failed Its Testing Due to Connectivity Issues". ^ Allison, Michael (December 22, 2015). "Three things Microsoft needs to fix in the Lumia 950 and 950 XL immediately". ^ Rubino, Daniel (November 20, 2015). ^ "Microsoft Lumia 950 review". ^ V., John (November 24, 2015). ^ Baig, Edward C. "Microsoft's Windows 10 phone is no world beater: review". ^ Miller, Matthew (December 3, 2015). "A week with the Microsoft Lumia 950: Not yet ready for enterprise customers". ^ Haselton, Todd (December 4, 2015). "Lumia 950 review: Right path, but not out of the woods yet". 1 Nokia-branded and developed by the Nokia Corporation. 2 Nokia-branded but developed by Microsoft Mobile Oy under a transitional license agreement. Categories : Windows 10 Mobile devices Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Microsoft Lumia Videotelephony Touchscreen mobile phones Mobile phones Smartphones Microsoft hardware. Hidden categories: All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه Deutsch Español فارسی Français 한국어 Italiano Português Suomi Svenska Türkçe Українська 中文. This page was last edited on 24 January 2018, at 03:05. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Originally from Finland, Nokia ruled the mobile industry for almost a decade.Now owned by and sold under Microsoft, it is usually known for devices that run on Windows, and is popular for its Lumia series.. Nokia and Microsoft combined have over 600 service centres in India. Overview User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM details Expensive Read more. Powerful configuration Windows 10 OS Amazing rear camera Windows Continuum feature. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL dual SIM is a smartly crafted phablet with the ability to meet all your needs and more. The unique Windows Continuum feature enables it to mimic a PC, hence making you handle your tasks in an easier manner. The large QHD display makes playing games and watching movies a joyful experience. Other notable features include a good battery backup with fast charging capability, Windows 10 OS, amazing camera and above all a great configuration.. Work in style with your Lumia. The Microsoft Lumia 950XL Dual SIM sports a large 5.7-inch QHD (1,440 x 2,560 pixels) AMOLED display with a pixel density of 518ppi. The display provides superb image quality with addition to features like orientation sensor, sunlight readability enhancement, automatic brightness control and wide viewing angle. It has Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protection that protects the display against scratches and makes it very. It has a thickness of 8mm and a weight of 165g. The device comes in Black and White and looks very elegant.. Acting as the brains of the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM, is a 2GHz octa-core processor based on Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 chipset. Assisting it to accomplish its tasks seamlessly and providing rich graphics, is a 3GB RAM and Adreno 430 GPU. It runs on the recently launched Windows 10 OS. The Lumia 950XL Dual SIM also includes tablet class liquid cooling technology to make sure that your device does not get heated up while running powerful applications.. An excellent 20MP autofocus rear snapper can be found on its rear. The camera is further enhanced by the addition of triple LED flash that has different tone settings, to help balance out the brightness. Interestingly, you can shoot fast-moving subjects first and then later add or remove the flash option from the picture. Other camera features include BSI sensor, face detection and touch focus etc. The device can take 4k videos from which you can later crop out high resolution still photos. The rear camera is accompanied by a wide-angle 5MP front facing snapper so that you have no problem in fitting all your favourite people in one frame. It houses an internal memory of 32GB which is further upgradable to 200GB to store ample number of files.. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM gains its power from a 3,340mAh li-ion battery and can render up to 25hours of talktime on 2G networks. On the connectivity front, 3G, 4G, GLONASS, GPS, NFC, Wi-Fi, computer sync, GPS/A-GPS, Bluetooth v4.0, OTA sync, USB port, and USB Type-C can be found. The phone comes with an amazing feature called the 'Windows Continuum' which allows you to convert your phone into a Windows PC with the help of a dock. With this feature you can run all your applications full screen and simultaneously use a keyboard and a mouse. The phone, as the name suggests, supports dual SIM connectivity.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM PRICE IN INDIA. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Display ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Battery ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life. Supports Indian bands 32 GB + 200 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano Gorilla Glass 4 FM Radio Wireless Charging. What makes Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM unique?. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM User Reviews. BASED ON 272 RATING(S). 14 May 2016 By Sushruth M R On flipkart.com. Nice phone and value for money, but not without issues. I bought this after the huge price drop to 34999. I have been a windows phone user for over 3 years now.nPros:n1. User friendly and lot of cool features which you don't get in android or iOS devices. 5000) and 1 year office 365 subscription (Rs. This phone is made for business people.n5. You can shoot 4 K videos.n6. Very comfortable to read small text.n8. USB-C type.nnCons: 2 major issue - battery life and heating.nn1. Even with NFC, Bluetooth etc off can barely make it till evening after a full charge in the morning. (I heard there is going to be an update to address this issue). This is without playing any games or watching videos. Just normal usage of WhatsApp, browsing on wifi, voice calls etc.n2. Sometimes windows 10 OS seems buggy. Hangs or stops responding all of a sudden. Nothing a simple restart can't solve.n3. Heating issue is a big drawback in my opinion. Phone gets too hot sometimes even when I'm not using it. Phone is not a beauty, plastic body makes it look quite ordinary. (for those who expect premium look for 35 K)nnVerdict: Go for it if you like windows phone. This is the best windows phone till date and its not going to be outdated any time soon. It's a very good deal for 35K with present offers of free display dock and office 365 subscription.. 07 May 2016 By Shashank Shekhar On flipkart.com. *Latest Windows 10 build makes it smooth. *Plastic body though not premium, makes it light and grippy to hold.. *Liquid cooling keeps it relatively cool even while performing heavy task, though it gets somewhat warm because of Snapdragon 810. *USB type C for future proofingCons. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Specifications. Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Operating System. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones. 5.7 inches (14.48 cm) Screen Resolution. 1440 x 2560 pixels Pixel Density. Corning Gorilla Glass v4 Touch Screen. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display. Pixel Density compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen. Octa core, 2 GHz, ARM Cortex A57. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor. Octa core, 2 GHz, ARM Cortex A57, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731G. Dual core, 2.53 GHz, Monsoon + Quad core, 1.42 GHz Mistral, Chipset: Apple A11 Bionic. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage. Internal Memory compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. 3840x2160 @ 30 fps Video Recording Features. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera. Front Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution. Up to 19 Hours(3G) / Up to 25 Hours(2G) Wireless Charging. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 1900(band 2) / 1700(band 4) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20). UMTS 1700 / 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 150 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 4). HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Competitors for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Show only Windows Microsoft Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.96 inches vs 5.7 inches. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4150 mAH vs 3340 mAH. OS: Windows SIM card slots: 2 NFC: Yes 323 people viewed together 894 people compared together. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.8 mm vs 8.1 mm. Dual core 2.2 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. Lower primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 20 MP. Lower pixel density: 493 ppi vs 515 ppi. More weight: 185 grams vs 165 grams. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 6 GB vs 3 GB. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. SIM card slots: 2 NFC: Yes 125 people viewed together 514 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 7.3 mm vs 8.1 mm. Lesser weight: 158 grams vs 165 grams. Smaller screen : 5.5 inches vs 5.7 inches. Dual core 2.2 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. Lower primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 20 MP. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3340 mAH. Lower pixel density: 401 ppi vs 515 ppi. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. I don't want to see this. Lesser thickness: 7.2 mm vs 8.1 mm. Lesser weight: 129 grams vs 165 grams. Smaller screen : 5.15 inches vs 5.7 inches. RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB NFC: Yes 141 people compared together. Dual core 1.8 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. Lower primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 20 MP. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3340 mAH. Lower pixel density: 428 ppi vs 515 ppi. Lower secondary camera resolution: 4 MP vs 5 MP. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. I don't want to see this. Hexa Core 1.8 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. Higher pixel density: 565 ppi vs 515 ppi. Lesser weight: 150 grams vs 165 grams. OS: Windows RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 20 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB NFC: Yes 1189 people viewed together 1289 people compared together. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.7 inches. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3340 mAH. More thickness: 8.2 mm vs 8.1 mm. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. I don't want to see this. Higher secondary camera resolution: 7 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.3 mm vs 8.1 mm. Smaller screen : 5.5 inches vs 5.7 inches. RAM: 3 GB Internal Memory: 32 GB NFC: Yes 308 people compared together. Dual core 2.34 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. Lower primary camera resolution: 12 MP vs 20 MP. Lower battery capacity: 2900 mAH vs 3340 mAH. Lesser SIM card slots: 1 vs 2. Lower pixel density: 401 ppi vs 515 ppi. More weight: 188 grams vs 165 grams. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. I don't want to see this. Higher secondary camera resolution: 7 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.1 mm vs 8.1 mm. Lesser weight: 138 grams vs 165 grams. Internal Memory: 32 GB NFC: Yes 277 people compared together. Smaller screen : 4.7 inches vs 5.7 inches. Dual core 2.34 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. Lesser RAM: 2 GB vs 3 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 12 MP vs 20 MP. Lower battery capacity: 1960 mAH vs 3340 mAH. Lesser SIM card slots: 1 vs 2. Lower pixel density: 326 ppi vs 515 ppi. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. View all FAQs about Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual.... Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Does Microsoft silver light will work on Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM?. Asked By Bhawani Gaur | 7 months ago. People who viewed Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
All orders of 100.00 AED or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Electronics Mobiles & Tablets Baby & Toys Home & Kitchen Perfumes & Beauty Sports & Fitness Automotive Brand Stores Books. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Sports Watches & Jewelry Bags Eyewear Collections International Store Top Brands Outlet Amazon Global Store. Women Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames Jewelry. Men Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames. Sports Men Sportswear Men Athletic Shoes Women Sportswear Women Athletic Shoes. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops T-shirts Jeans Pants Sportswear Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Skirts Jackets & Coats Arabian Wear. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches & Evening Bags Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Heels Wedges Flats Sandal & Slippers Boots. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Jewelry Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Charms Rings Fine Jewelry. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye Clubmaster. Top Brands adidas Aldo Call It Spring Forever 21 Guess Michael Kors Missguided Nike Only Puma Lacoste Koton Vero Moda. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans Trousers Sportswear Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Sandals Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Round Rimless. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Band. Top Brands Brave Soul Call It Spring Forever 21 Fred Perry Hugo Boss Jack & Jones Lacoste Levi's Original Penguin Polo Ralph Lauren Skechers Timberland Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Women | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Bras and Vests Running Clothing Training Clothing Shop All Women | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Men | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands adidas Nike Skechers Puma New Balance Under Armour Asics Anta Columbia Converse Mizuno Vans Shop All. Women Clothing Only Vero Moda Tommy Hilfiger Glamorous Forever 21 Tally Weijl Quiz Clothing Guess Juicy Couture Brave Soul Ichi OVS. Women Shoes Nike Skechers Reebok Puma Aldo Nine West Guess Coach Missguided Truffle Shellys London Emu Michael Kors. Women Accessories Tory Burch DKNY Fossil Marc By Marc Jacobs Kenneth Cole XOXO Esprit Gucci Nine West Akribos XXIV Just Cavalli Lauren by Ralph Lauren. Polo Assn Jack & Jones Timberland Ralph Lauren Tommy Hilfiger Santa Monica Polo Club Brave Soul Tokyo Laundry Bellfield Gant Guess Diesel Hugo Boss. Men Shoes Nike Timberland Reebok Skechers Puma Aldo Jack & Jones New Balance Converse Vans Call It Spring adidas Asics. Men Accessories Emporio Armani Oakley JBW Tommy Hilfiger Fossil Daniel Wellington Puma Diesel Polaroid Tissot Michael Kors Tumi Levi's. Food & Beverages Dairy Products Beauty Homecare Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Breakfast Cereal Oats & Granola Jams, Spreads & Honey Pastas and Noodles. Snacks Chips & Crisps Biscuits & Cookies Nuts & Seeds Dates Confectionery Chocolate & Candy. Cooking Soup Rice & Pulses Spices & Condiments Packaged Meals Organic Food. Beverages Water Juices Sodas Energy Drinks Tea Coffee Milk. Hair Care Hair Dyes Hair Treatment Shampoos Conditioners. Skin Care Body Lotions Face Creams Anti Aging Wet Wipes. Personal Care Soap & Shower Gel Mouth Wash Toothbrushes Toothpaste Deodorants Feminine Hygiene. Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Liquid Powder. Cleaning Supplies Dish Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Multi Purpose Cleaners Air Fresheners. Paper & Plastic Trash Bags Tissue Disposable Napkins Disposable Cups. Small Appliances Blenders & Mixers Juice Extractors Food Preparation Vacuum Cleaners Coffee Machines View All Large Appliances Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens & Ranges Air Conditioners Microwaves View All. Laptops Macbooks Gaming Laptops All In Ones | Desktops 2 in 1 Laptops Below AED 1,999 View All Accessories Hard Disks Routers Printers Monitors USB Drives View All. Televisions LED 4K UHD Smart TV Below AED 1,499 55" Full HD View All Home Audio/Video Speakers Home Theatres Projectors Headphones TV Accessories View All. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All Cameras Action Cameras DSLRs Point & Shoot Lenses & Flash Accessories View All. Accessories Headsets Smartwatches Powerbanks Cables & Chargers Fitness Trackers View All Cases & Covers For iPhone 8 For Samsung S8 Below AED 59 For Xiaomi For iPhone 7 View All. Tablets iPads Samsung Microsoft Surface Lenovo Innjoo View All Shop By Price Below AED 299 AED 300 - 599 AED 600 - 999 AED 1000 - 1999 Above AED 2000 View All. Mobiles Samsung iPhones OnePlus Xiaomi Motorola Sony Nokia Huawei HTC BlackBerry ASUS Honor LG View All. Trending Samsung S8 iPhone X iPhone 8 Samsung Note 8 Honor 9 Lite View All Only On Souq OnePlus 5T ASUS Zenfone 2 Motorola G5 Plus BLU Vivo 6 Infinix S2 Pro View All. Baby & Toddler Diapering Baby Food Feeding Bath & Skin Care Baby Health & Safety Baby Toys & Accessories Nursery Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Shop All Buying Guide. Baby Gear Prams & Strollers Car Seats & Boosters Travel Systems Bouncers, Rockers, Swings Monitors & Gates Walkers High Chairs Playards Shop All. Toys & Games LEGO, Building & Blocks Electronic & RC Toys Action Figures Arts & Crafts Cards, Games & Puzzles Educational Toys Stuffed Toys Dolls & Dolls houses Dress Up & Pretend Play Board Games Party Supplies Shop All. Sports & Outdoor Play Playhouses , Tables & Slides Swing Sets & Climbers Trampolines & Accessories Swimming Pools & Water Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride Ons Sandboxes & Beach Toys Blaster Toys Bounce Houses & Ball Pits. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All. Furniture Bedroom Living Room Kitchen & Dining Room Home Office Home Entertainment Bean Bags Décor Wallpaper & Decals Clocks Paintings/Posters Candles & Holders Curtains & Slipcovers Garden Décor. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Dinnerware Bakeware Cutlery Glassware & Drinkware Serveware Kitchen Tools Do it Yourself Measuring & Layout Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Hardware Electrical. Outdoor Trolley Suitcases & Bags Packing & Bags Accessories Lawn & Garden Outdoor Living Grills & Outdoor Cooking Home Accents & Other Crafts Bean Bags Lightings Rugs, Carpets & Mats Decorative Cushions Clocks Sewing & Acessories Coins & Stamps Collections. Bed Comforters & Duvet Sets Bedspreads & Bedding Sheets Blankets & Throws Pillows Mattress & Toppers Bath Towels Tubs, Sinks & Taps Toilets & Urinals Pets Pet Food Pet Supplies Shop All. Perfumes & Fragrances Women Men New Arrivals Arabic Perfumes Fragrance Gift Sets Perfume Buying Guide Health Dietary Supplements Vitamins & Minerals Sport Nutrition Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitors Small Medical Equipments. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nails Palettes & Sets Beauty Tools & Brushes Hair Hair Straightners Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Oils, Serums & Treatments Wigs Hair Accessories. Personal Care Women Hair Removal Dental Care Skin Care Massagers Bath & Body Body Support & Slimming Men's Grooming Electric Shavers Trimmers Hair Clippers Beard & Mustache Care Hair Loss Treatment. Brand Stores Luxury Beauty L'Oreal Paris Maybelline Philips Braun Oral-B Scholl Veet. Cardio Training Treadmills Exercise Bikes Rowing Machines Aerobic Steppers Exercise Ropes Fitness Trackers Ab Machines Air walkers Gym Massager Sports Fashion Footwear Clothing Accessories. Strength & Weights Home Gym Dumbbells Medicine Balls Kettlebells & Barbells Multi-Function Benches Yoga Mats Gym Gloves Gym Balls Gym Belts. Outdoor Golf Skiing Water Sports Cycling Running Camping Camping Tents Accessories Lights Camping Bed. Team Sports Football Volleyball Basketball Tennis Cricket Squash Table Tennis Badminton Leisure Sports/Games Billiard Fishing Games. Brands Everlast Body Sculpture Nike Adidas Yonex Top Skyland Wilson Aqua Sphere Waterrower Marshall fitness Nordictrack Life Top TA Sports. Car Care & Protection Air fresheners & Purifiers Car Covers Car Cleaning Tools Car polishing product Vacuum Cleaners Vehicle Fluids & Lubricants Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Audio & Video Tools Woofers & Amplifiers Car Bluetooth Kit Car Camera system. GPS devices Navigation System Portable Navigators In-Dash Navigators Handheld Navigators GPS Accessories GPS Receiver Car Parts & tools Car Parts Car Error Reader Car Lightings Car Air Filters Car Maintainence Car Tools. Car Accessories Interiors Accessories Exterior Accessories Car Key & Keychains Tires & wheels Compressors & Tire inflators Tire tools & product Motorcycle Parts. Top Brands Garmin Sony Clayton Boschmann JVC JBL Turtle Wax American Breeze Armor All Jabra Kenwood. Order with FREE Shipping by Souq.com. All orders of 100.00 AED or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.. This program is available only to UAE residents.. What items are eligible for FREE Shipping? The Items that are packed, fulfilled and shipped by Souq.com, which can be identified by the fulfilled by souq badge.. With FREE Shipping, your order will be delivered within the estimated shipping speed available after you checkout.. To place an order online, do the following:. 1- Add at least 100.00 AED of eligible items (in which case all other eligible items in the order also ship free) to your Shopping Cart. 2- To find eligible for FREE Shipping offers, Here are two quick and easy ways:. - Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge in search results and detail pages. - When you search for products, select “Eligible for FREE Shipping on fulfilled by Souq filter from the left side of the search results page. - Not using search? Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge.. Any item with fulfilled by Souq badge on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Souq is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.. For more information, go to About FREE Shipping by Souq .. This item is currently out of stock. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim - 32GB, 3GB, 4G LTE, Wifi, Black. Subscribe to get updates on this product. Item is currently out of stock. Notify me once back in stock: *. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. Customers who bought this have also bought. Ugreen USB Type-C Cable Fast Sync & Charging Cable for... For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL / Lumia 950 - Type-C 4K HDMI / ... Calans Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Genuine Wallet Leather Case ... For Lumia 950 XL - Real Tempered Glass Saphire HD Screen P... For Microsoft Lumia 950 - Real Tempered Glass Saphire HD S... Nokia lumia 638, 730, 830, 530, 930, X, XL, 1020, 920 Magn... Microsoft lumia 540, 430, 640, 535, 532, 435 Magnetic rota... For Microsoft Lumia 950XL / Lumia 950 - Regentech USB 2.0 ... 0.67x Lens Fisheye Macro Kit For Microsoft Lumia 640 Nokia... Peacock Foldable Desktop Stand For HTC 8X 8S One X XL One ... 5000 mah Margoun Solar power bank charger for Microsoft lu... Ugreen USB Type-C Cable Fast Sync Charging Cable for Lumia... For Lumia 950 / 950 Dual Sim - Unitek USB 3.1 Type-C 5Gbps... Calans Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Hds Shockproof Stand Case Co... Calans Microsoft Lumia 950 XL S Body TPU Case Cover With ... Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Microsoft Lumia 950. Margoun Car Mount Holder Bracket Cradle Clip For NOKIA LUM... 0.67x Lens Fisheye Macro Kit For Microsoft Lumia 532 Micro... 0.67x Lens Fisheye Macro Kit For Nokia X2 Microsoft Lumia ... 5000 mah Margoun Solar power bank charger for Microsoft lu... Brand Microsoft Operating System Type Windows Storage Capacity 32 GB Depth 8.1 mm. Brand Microsoft Operating System Type Windows Storage Capacity 32 GB Depth 8.1 mm Width 78.4 mm Processor Type Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810 CPU Speed 1.5 GHz RAM Memory 3 GB Wireless Connections SIM Dual SIM Product weight 165 grams Mobile Phone Type Smartphone Networking type 4G LTE CPU Quad Core Model Number 950 XL Near Field Communication Multi SIM Card EAN-13 6438158745674 Item EAN 2724318542035 Audio 3.5 mm Audio Jack Display Screen Size 5.6 - 6 Inch Display Display Size (Inch) __NO_VALUE__ Connectivity Bluetooth Connectivity NFC Camera Front Camera 5 Megapixel Camera Front Flash Color Color Black Power Management Battery Technology Lithium Ion Power Management Fast Charge Weight & Dimensions Height 151.9 mm Technical Information Display technology type AMOLED Capacitive Touchscreen Technical Information Operating System Version Microsoft Windows 10. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL works like a PC, letting you push the limits of possible productivity. The mobile phone will surely grab everyone’s attention with its streamlined body and exquisite black finish. The device’s 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 Octa Core processor, paired with a. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL works like a PC, letting you push the limits of possible productivity. The mobile phone will surely grab everyone’s attention with its streamlined body and exquisite black finish. The device’s 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 Octa Core processor, paired with a 3GB RAM, ensures all your mobile applications run smoothly. The device features a 20MP rear camera that features Auto focus with two stage capture key, as well as a 5MP Full HD wide angle camera, both of which capture incredible photos and videos. The device’s 4G LTE support and MIMO enhanced WLAN IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac adapter make browsing the Web fast and fluent. The Lumia 950 XL incorporates a ClearBlack technology enhanced, 5.7inch, AMOLED display that renders high quality WQHD resolution images. The device runs Windows 10 OS that makes operation on this phone feel like a computer. A 32GB internal storage, expandable by another 200GB, can help you save all your precious data safely, and readily accessible at all times.. 20MP Main Camera, 5MP Front Camera. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL’s Windows 10 OS features a revamped Windows Store where you can find games, apps, and music of all kinds. Cortana personal assistant sends helpful, location based reminders across all your Windows 10 devices, such as PC, tablets, notebooks, etc. Microsoft Office apps can be easily used on your brilliant 5.7inch screen, and the Outlook Mail features the same rich editing tools that you love. The OS keeps your digital life in sync from Excel to entertainment.. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL’s 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 Octa Core processor, 3GB RAM, and other cutting edge internal components more make this phone one of the most powerful ever. The phone’s USB C interface powers up this device quickly. Add to that, the 5.7inch AMOLED WQHD display, long lasting 3340mAh battery, support for wireless charging, and several other enhancements, and you've got yourself a smartphone that is irresistibly efficient.. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL’s rear camera’s 20MP sensor significantly reduces motion blur, producing sharper, detailed photos. Unique features such as triple LED natural flash and Rich Capture mode ensure low lighting conditions don’t hinder beautiful photography.. The Microsoft Lumia 950’s Continuum feature, brought to you by the advanced Windows 10 OS, provides a seamless computing experience on your smartphone. All you need to do is connect this smartphone to the optional Microsoft Display Dock. Watch as all your apps, including Excel, PowerPoint, Photos, etc. run the way they would on a desktop. Increase productivity as you travel with this amazing smartphone by your side.. 99 ratings. of users recommend this product to a friend. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. What's not so good about this product:. What's not so good about this product:. Perfect for traveling business users, you can eliminate the need to carry a laptop if you have this phone as you can do everything on it. Including view/change excel sheets, PowerPoint presentations etc. Also the pure black screen technology is fabulous as you an see the text very clearly and sharp.. The perfect phone for Windows phone lovers. I moved from Lumia 830 to this and the speed difference is amazing, no more resuming screen.. If you are going to be this then, you will need to invest also in some USB C to Micro USB converters.. The perfect phone for Windows Phone / Mobile lovers. Runs a bit hot but this Qualcomm 810 fault. The phone itself is very good. Simple, Matt finish with elegant design. The feel isnt as premium as the S7 or iphone6, but rather simple. ..in fact it looks a lot like Lenovo a700. Not a bad thing coz the Lenovo also looks good, but it is a cheap phone and this lumia is a flagship.. The highlights of the phone are It's camera and Continuum.. Reviews also claim so, and in actual usage in low light it performs well with It's f/1.9. I have been able to capture images in near-complete-darkness.. Continuum, a new and unique feature, makes this phone stand out. No competitor offers anything like this. If you have Xbox ot Roku, you don't need another hardware to use it as you can connect to your HDTV via miracast. Otherwise you need the optional dock in wireless adapter. I already have the wireless, so I connected flawlessly. The screen becomes a PC and your phone screen becomes a mouse pad/tracker. It really is pretty awesome and impressive.. With Continuum and Office Suite, the phone is a dream come true for office users. You can leave your laptop at home.. Although all the basic apps like FB, Instagram, WhatsApp are there, some important ones like YouTube are missing. Looks like google doesn't want more competitors.. Note: Windows 10 is really simple to use, but coming from another OS you ll need couple of weeks to settle in.. Bottom Line: This phone is for professionals and office workers.. Excellent hardware, very good camera, windows continuum allows you to use your phone like a PC (optional dock or wireless adapter required), office suite and outlook email. low number of apps in app store. Please verify your mobile number to complete your checkout. We will send you an SMS containing a verification code. Please double check your mobile number and click on "Send Verification Code" .. We sent your verification code by SMS to +. Enter the code below and hit Verify. + 971. I didn't receive my verification code. Your Mobile number has been verified!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday Samsung S9 | S9+ Samsung Apple IPhone Souq Fashion Souq SuperMarket AmazonBasics Home & Kitchen Sports & Fitness Baby & Toys. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Easy Payment Plans Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program Helpbit Services. 
Manuals Brands Microsoft Manuals Cell Phone Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Manuals. Manuals and User Guides for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM.. We have 1 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM manual available for free PDF download: Quick Manual. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Quick Manual (18 pages). Brand: Microsoft | Category: Cell Phone | Size: 0.83 MB. Insert The Sim And Memory Card 5 ................................................................................................................................................................. Product And Safety Info 15 ................................................................................................................................................................. Copyrights And Other Notices 17 ................................................................................................................................................................. Related Products for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 2 £ 609 € 692 £ 842 $ 851 € 958 $ 1,178 R$ 2,760 zł 2,886 R$ 3,820 zł 3,995 руб 48,069 ₹ 55,132 руб 66,530 ₹ 76,305 Not available. Finding the best price for the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. October 2015, 2 years ago. 78.4 mm x 151.9 mm x 8.1 mm. 1440 x 2560 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 5 cm away. Is it a drop-resistant and scratch-resistant smartphone?. Do you think it's a nice phone?. Can you see it well in the sunlight?. View all opinions about the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL:. - More smartphones with Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 processor. 4x2.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A57+4x 1.55 GHz Cortex-A53. - More smartphones with 3GB RAM memory. 61.000 Overall performance better than 80% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 25-31 GB). - More smartphones with 32GB of internal storage. 5818 Songs , 12800 Photos and 457 Videos. Does it work smoothly in everyday use?. What's your experience been with demanding games?. View all opinions about the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL:. - More smartphones with Triple LED. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Does it have a powerful flash?. View all opinions about the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL:. B4 (1700/2100 AWS 1) ,. B4 (1700/2100 AWS A-F) ,. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). AVRCP (Audio/Visual Remote Control Profile). GAVDP (Generic Audio/Video Distribution Profile). PAN (Personal Area Networking Profile). PBAP/PAB (Phone Book Access Profile). The FCC limit is 1.6 W/kg measured in a volume of 1 gram of tissue. Does it have good coverage for calls?. View all opinions about the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL:. How long does the battery last?. View all opinions about the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL:. - More smartphones with Microsoft Windows 10 operating system. Did it come with preinstalled applications?. View all opinions about the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL:. It comes with a clean operating system. It has preinstalled apps but they don't bother me. It has preinstalled apps that I can't uninstall. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lumia 950 xl dual sim. All Listings - Current page. results for lumia 950 xl dual sim. Save lumia 950 xl dual sim to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lumia 950 xl dual sim to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. lumia 950 xl dual sim :. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM RM-1116 - New in Opened Box. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) **RESET PROTECTION**. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB BLACK (Unlocked) Smartphone & DISPLAY DOCK. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone w/ DIsplay Dock. A+ Outer Front Screen Glass For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM RM-1116 Black. A+ Camera Lens Cover/Tape For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM RM-1116 RM-1085. Bluetooth Handsfree Headset NFC For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM 435 640 LTE. Wireless Bluetooth 3.0 Headset For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM 435 640 LTE. Sports In-Ear Bluetooth Earphones For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Cell Phone. Fast 3 Port USB Car Charger For Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual SIM 950 XL Cell Phone. Brand New Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim 32GB Black Unlocked Smartphone RM-1116. New Condition Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim 32GB White Unlocked Phone RM-1116. New Condition Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim 32GB Blue Unlocked Phone RM-1116. NEW EX-DISPLAY MODEL MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 XL DUAL SIM BLACK 32GB 4G LTE SIMFREE. NEW Microsoft Nokia Lumia 950 Dual SIM RM-1118 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED - White. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. New Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 4G LTE 32GB 5.2" Smartphone Black. USED Microsoft Lumia 640 XL RM-1096 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" Dual SIM - White. New Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 4G LTE 32GB 5.2" Smartphone White. Nokia Microsoft Lumia 650 RM-1154 Dual SIM 16GB Windows 10 - Black / White USA. USED Microsoft Lumia 640 XL RM-1096 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" Dual SIM - White. BNIB MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 XL WHITE 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED SINGLE SIM 4G/LTE GSM. Nokia Lumia 950 Unlocked Quad-core 32GB ROM 3GB RAM 20.0MP LTE FDD WIFI GPS 4G. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950FD Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) Black Gold Gray Blue. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL - 32GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone. Unlocked Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 5.2" 3G 4G Wifi 20MP Windows Smartphone. Sim Free Nokia Lumia 625 Black 8GB Unlocked Windows 4G Dual-Core Smartphone. USED - Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950FD Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) BLACK. BNIB MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 WHITE 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED SINGLE SIM 4G/LTE GSM NEW. Microsoft Lumia 950 Single SIM 5.2" 3G 4G Wifi 20MP Windows Unlocked Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 SM-N950F/DS 64GB Dual Sim LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL - 32GB - (Unlocked) Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual Sim White 8GB 5.7"HSDPA Windows Phone By Fedex. Unlocked Nokia Microsoft Lumia 640 XL 5.7-Inch Single Sim Smartphone Windows 8.1. Nokia Lumia 535 Black Phone Excellent Condition Dual Sim Smartphone 8GB. New in Sealed Box Microsoft Nokia Lumia 950 XL 5.7" 4G LTE ATT T-MOB Smartphone. Original Unlocked Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G 8GB Wifi 2MP Windows. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD BLACK 64GB DUAL SIM 12MP FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 SM-N950F/DS 64GB Dual Sim LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Unlocked Nokia Lumia 530 3G Dual SIM card 4GB Windows touchscreen Phone 4 color. Nokia Microsoft Lumia 640（Unlocked） Windows Quad Core 1GB RAM 8GB ROM 8MP 4G GPS. Windows Phone Original Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G Wifi 8GB. Microsoft lumia 950 xl - unlocked black. FOR PARTS - Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5" IPS , 8GB. Original Unlocked Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G 8GB Wifi 2MP Windows. Nokia Lumia 730 DUAL SIM Mobile Phone Dual Sim 3G 4.7" 8GB 6.7MP. USED - Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.8" 64GB Gray. BNIB MICROSOFT LUMIA 640 DUAL SIM BLACK 8GB FACTORY UNLOCKED 3G 2G GSM BOXED NEW. Original Unlocked Microsoft Nokia Lumia 435 Dual Sim 4" 3G 8GB Wifi 2MP Windows. USED - Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950FD Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) BLACK. Wireless Q58 Bluetooth Earphone For Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE 950 XL 540 Dual SIM. Wireless Bluetooth 4.0 Earphones Headset V8 For Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 7 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. in Stock ✤ FedEx Shipping ✤ USA Seller. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save lumia 950 xl dual sim to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in the Philippines and Specification. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is a 5.7inch (1400 x 2560) of display, 32GB of storage, 20MP of main camera.. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. 1-year official Microsoft warranty in the Philippines. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in the Philippines Starts from P32,990. The lowest price of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is P32,990 at argomall.. Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is not available in other stores at this time.. The latest price of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM was updated on Oct 14, 2016, 18:08.. Video of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950XL Dual SIM Unboxing. Lumia 950 XL unboxing & first impressions. Specs of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57. Maximum talk time (2G): 25 h Maximum talk time (3G): 19 h Maximum music playback time: 75 h Maximum Wi-Fi network browsing time: 11 h Maximum video playback time: 11 h. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Hotspot/Tethering, GPS, Bluetooth, Image Stabilization, Flash. 78.4 x 151.9 x 8.1 mm. Reviews of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. User Review : 3 Reviews. Microsoft Lumia 950 is the good and beautiful and the design and display is very attractive and much better. Good morning everyone I have now a new smartphone its Microsoft Lumia 950 XL I love it and I like the design and ... Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM its the latest type of lumia and this was very nice phone. I like the size of it i ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Magkano ba talaga price nito? I am so impressed sa specs and nabasa ko rin ang mga POSITIVE REVIEWS.. nalilito ako sa price na nakikita ko, iba't iba kasi nababasa kona price.. Last updated : Dec 6, 2015. Posted by France Joseph Archival Macasero. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. 5.0 inches, qHD (960 x 540). Most viewed ranking for Microsoft Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 355 results for "Microsoft Lumia 950 XL". See all results for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL .. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 5.7 inch 32 GB SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Product Description Lumia Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Windows Sim Free Black A00026079 Lumia. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 5.7 inch 32 GB SIM Smartphone - White. Product Description Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 5.7 inch 32 GB SIM Smartphone - White.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 32GB 4G Black - smartphones (Single SIM, Windows 10, NanoSIM, GSM, WCDMA, LTE). Microsoft - Original battery Microsoft Lumia 950 XL - BV-T4D 3340mAh. Product Features Perfectly compatible with Microsoft Lumia 950 XL. Microsoft Lumia 950 5.2 inch 32 GB SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Microsoft Mains Wall Charger AC-100X Type C High Power 3.0A for Lumia 950 XL Huaei Nexus 6P "Huawei P9 (not P9 Lite)" LG Nexus 5X G5 G6 HTC One 10 HTC U 11 and more Type C devices. Microsoft HD-500 Docking Station for 950/950 XL. transition- Plug your Lumia 950 or 950 XL into a Display Dock and .... Genuine Microsoft BV-T4D 3340mAH Battery - Lumia 950 XL - 0670771. Battery Microsoft Lumia 950 XL origin BV-T4D - Resistente there .... Microsoft BV-T5E ORIGINAL LUMIA 950 Battery 3.85V 3000mAh Genuine Replacement Battery (Non Retail Packaging) NOT Compatible with the Lumia 950 XL Version UK Supplier, From Itstek The UK`S Original Parts Specialist.. battery for the Microsoft Lumia 950 Phone ( NOT FOR 950 XL VERSION) .... Original battery for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL / 950 XL Dual Sim / 940 XL - 3340mAh - (Bulk) - BV-T4D.. Original battery for Microsoft Lumia 950. Battery LI-ION Original Microsoft BV T4d Lumia 950. MAH + Free Mungoo® Screen Cleaning Cloth. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL - Windows Smartphone - 4G HSPA+ - 32 GB .... Microsoft Lumia 950 5.2-Inch 32 GB SIM-Free Smartphone - White. Lumia 950 XL Case - Terrapin Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Cover - Full Body Shock Resistant Armour Case - High-Tech Look - Dual Layer - Kickstand - Dark Blue. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 32GB 4G Black - smartphones (Dual SIM, Windows 10, NanoSIM, GSM, WCDMA, LTE). by Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 32GB 4G. Product Features Box contents: Microsoft Lumia 950. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. American Football Kicking Holders & Tees. Wallets, Card Cases & Money Organizers. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
G'day ( Sign in to bid or buy) eBay Deals Gift Cards Help Sell. My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling/Sold Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. Microsoft Lumia 950/950XL - 32GB - (Unlocked/SIM FREE) Smartphone 12M Warranty. Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 GSM Unlocked AT&T 6017A 32GB Black 4G LTE. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB BLACK (Unlocked) Smartphone & DISPLAY DOCK. Microsoft lumia 950 xl - unlocked black. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) **RESET PROTECTION**. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) **RESET PROTECTION**. average based on 20 product ratings. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. thebuybackhub has no other items for sale.. “ Used Condition, minor marks and scratches on frame and front glass. Approximately AU $262.05 (including postage). Resume making your offer , if the page does not update immediately.. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be posted through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Postage - opens a layer. This amount includes seller specified US postage charges as well as applicable international postage, handling, and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. United States and many other countries. help icon for Postage - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin postcode, destination postcode and time of acceptance and will depend on postage service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. International postage and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. International postage and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Any international postage and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. International postage paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Any international postage is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. “ Used Condition, minor marks and scratches on frame and front glass. An item that does not function as intended and is not fully operational. This includes items that are defective in ways that render them difficult to use, items that require service or repair, or items missing essential components. See the seller’s listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Explore the web and access your favorite apps anywhere you go using the Microsoft Lumia 950. With 32 GB of built-in memory, it has enough space for your apps, messages, and media. This mobile phone features a 20-megapixel resolution camera for taking impressive pictures. Stay connected with the Microsoft Lumia 950. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item can be sent to Singapore , but the seller has not specified postage options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a postage method to your location.. Item location: Austin, Texas, United States. Posting to: United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, Sweden, Korea, South, Indonesia, Taiwan, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Italy, Germany, Austria, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Republic of, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Saint Lucia, Montserrat, Turks and Caicos Islands, Barbados, Bangladesh, Bermuda, Brunei Darussalam, Bolivia, Ecuador, Egypt, French Guiana, Guernsey, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Iceland, Jersey, Jordan, Cambodia, Cayman Islands, Liechtenstein, Sri Lanka, Luxembourg, Monaco, Macau, Martinique, Maldives, Nicaragua, Oman, Pakistan, Paraguay, Reunion. Please enter a number less than or equal to 1.. Please enter five or nine numbers for the postcode.. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin postcode, destination postcode and time of acceptance and will depend on postage service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually post within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. The seller won't accept returns for this item.. Refunds by law: In Australia, consumers have a legal right to obtain a refund from a business for goods purchased if the goods are faulty, not fit for purpose or don't match description. More information at returns - opens in a new window or tab .. + import charges (shown at checkout). + import charges (shown at checkout). Click to expand the details about Quick bid. See more ButtonClick to expand the details about Quick bid. Consider bidding the highest amount you're willing to pay. We'll bid for you, just enough to keep you in the lead. We'll keep your high bid amount hidden from everyone else.. If the current bid is $20, and you bid $30, we bid $21 for you.. If no one else bids, you win and pay $21.. If someone else bids $31, we bid for you up to your max of $30.. Really want to win? Try raising your high bid amount.. By placing a bid, you're committing to buy this item if you win.. By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You've read and agreed to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase your maximum bid amount.. By clicking Confirm , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.. By clicking Confirm , you're committing to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder and have read and agreed to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase your maximum bid amount.. Resume bidding , if the page doesn't update immediately.. Bid layer is updating the contents.. + See item description for postage. Don't let it get away - place another bid.. You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.. You're the highest bidder on this item!. You're the first bidder on this item!. You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.. This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.. You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.. You've been outbid by someone else.. You can still win! Try bidding again.. You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.. You can still win! Try bidding again.. You've been outbid by someone else.. To increase your chances of winning, try raising your bid.. You increased your max bid to. Enter a valid amount for your bid.. Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.. You have to bid at least. Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.. This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .. Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price. You can save time and money by buying it now.. Enter a custom max bid more than ##2##. Enter a custom max bid of ##2## or more. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. By clicking 1 Click Bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn more about 1-click bid - opens in a new window or tab. Congratulations! The auction has ended and you're the winner.. The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.. Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.. Good news, you're the high bidder.. You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. Maximum bids can't be lowered once submitted.. I bought this for the dual SIM. This feature is not as straightforward as inserting the second SIM and continuing on. One SIM is designated as a 2G only SIM. When AT&T shuttered their 2G network it forced the AT&T SIM into either being off network or being the 3G/4G/LTE SIM, making my T-Mobile SIM 2G only. Be sure when removing the back to totally loosen the side without the buttons before attempting to remove the back. Too much flexing of the back in removal will break the thin plastic over the lock button. Replacing the back a $20+ expense if you get an original back. Knock offs have funky buttons and sometimes lack NFC or Qi charging.. Stick with the commercial releases of Windows 10. The Windows Insider releases are sometimes frustrating to use.. It is fast, works well, has an awesome screen and very good camera. I use it with the Continuum dock from time to time and that works well. Mostly, like this review, I do the work directly from the screen. I bought it when it was released and it has been my daily use phone since then.. I am very pleased with it.. Dual SIM Quad HD DIsplay, Works like PC,... compared to APple IOS, it is a dream OS phone. I've been using windows phones for a while, I finally decided to try this 950 for continuum. The phone is fast, stable, lightweight, great, if not the best, screen & camera. This phone model work great and fast and the zise its good, but the battery life its short.. There are copyright or trademark issues. It includes feedback about the seller. We'll take a look and remove the review if it doesn't follow our guidelines.. 32GB Microsoft Lumia 950 XL ,. Factory Unlocked Microsoft Lumia 950 ,. Screen Protectors for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL ,. Mobile Phone Clips for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL ,. Cables and Adapters for Huawei Microsoft Lumia 950 XL. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 03.24 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels How Samsung's new Galaxy S9 compares to the Apple iPhone X Nokia CEO sees big 5G rollouts nearly a year ahead of schedule India to highlight 5G readiness, tech leadership at MWC. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Compare Mobile Phones » Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. performance Octa core - display 5.7" (14.48 cm) 1.8" (4.57 cm) storage 32 GB - camera 20 MP - battery 3340 mAh 1320 mAh ram 3 GB - iris scanner Yes - other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope - operating system Windows Phone v10 Symbian v sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM X1-01 brand Microsoft Nokia sim size SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano - network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available 2G loudspeaker Yes - fm radio Yes Yes audio jack 3.5 mm - chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 - graphics Adreno 430 - processor Octa core, 2 GHz, ARM Cortex A57 - architecture 64 bit - ram 3 GB - thickness 8.1 mm 16.00 mm width 78.4 mm 47.3 mm weight 165 grams 91.05 grams height 151.9 mm 112.2 mm colours Black, White Red, Ocean Blue, Orange, Dark Grey, White display type AMOLED LCD screen to body ratio 75.04 % 19.21 % pixel density 515 ppi 114 ppi screen protection Corning Gorilla Glass v4 - screen size 5.7 inches (14.48 cm) 1.8 inches (4.57 cm) screen resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels 128 x 160 pixels touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch - internal memory 32 GB - expandable memory Yes Up to 200 GB Yes Up to 16 GB settings Exposure compensation, ISO control - aperture F1.9 - camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Smile detection, Scenes, Continuos Shooting, Multi Shot image resolution 5160 x 3872 Pixels - sensor Back-illuminated sensor (BSI) - video recording features Optical Image stabilization - autofocus Yes - shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) - resolution 5 MP Front Camera - optical image stabilisation Yes - flash Yes Triple LED Flash - video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps - talktime Up to 19 Hours(3G) / Up to 25 Hours(2G) Up to 13.1(2G) wireless charging Yes - type Li-ion Li-ion capacity 3340 mAh 1320 mAh wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n - wifi features Mobile Hotspot - bluetooth Yes v4.1 No usb typec Yes (Doesn't support micro-USB) - nfc Yes - network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass - sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 1900(band 2) / 1700(band 4) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1700 / 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 150 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 4)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available - sim size SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano - sim 2 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz - Price ₹ 5,900 N/A Rating N/A N/A. Summary special features general multimedia performance design display storage camera battery network connectivity. X Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Gold (16GB) ₹ 10590. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13990. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 12795. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 7499. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16999. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 12999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 10999. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Popular Comparisons Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 vs Nokia 8 Compare Microsoft Lumia 535 vs Nokia 3 Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Compare Microsoft Lumia 535 vs Nokia 5 Compare Microsoft Nokia 215 vs Nokia 216 Dual SIM Compare Microsoft Lumia 640 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Compare Microsoft Lumia 640 vs Nokia 6. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels at a PPI of 518 pixels per inch. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is powered by octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 200GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM packs a 20-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM runs Windows 10 Mobile and is powered by a 3340mAh removable battery. It measures 151.90 x 78.40 x 8.10 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 165.00 grams. The Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Excellent camera Very good display Good battery life Iris scanner and Continuum Bad Quality of apps could be better Steep launch price Looks a bit boring. Read detailed Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM review. Microsoft Lumia 950, 950 XL Now Bundled With Display Dock, Office 365 Subscription in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Review. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Launched in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM India Launch Set for Monday. More Microsoft mobiles Microsoft mobiles price in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM detailed specifications. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 151.90 x 78.40 x 8.10 Weight (g) 165.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3340 Removable battery Yes Colours Black, White SAR value 0.50. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 518. Processor octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 200. Rear camera 20-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash No. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. 1.3 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By ashwini | 12 Jan 2017. good internal memory but heats very fast. I've an issue with the battery. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Sakav Jagam | 25 Jun 2016. Dont buy Microsoft handsets, i brought this lumia 950 xl ds for whooping 57k, and now as it is water damaged the microsoft service centers are not providing any service they are telling we cant fix your handset, Apple and Samsung can fix any damn handset even if it is completely water damaged and microsoft cant even service my handset even when i am ready to pay the repair cost.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 3 out of 5 people found this review helpful. Microsoft Lumia 950, 950 XL Now Bundled With Display Dock, Office 365 Subscription in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Review. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Launched in India. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM India Launch Set for Monday. Microsoft Lumia 950, Lumia 950 XL India Launch Tipped for November 30. Microsoft Lumia 950, Lumia 950 XL to Launch in India by December: Nadella. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM, Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM 'Coming Soon' to India. Microsoft Lumia 650 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 540 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 430 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 435 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 435 Microsoft Lumia 532 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 532 Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 535. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Comparison. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Lenovo K3 Note Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge vs. LG G4 Beat Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Samsung Galaxy A5 2016 vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Sony Xperia C5 Ultra Dual Blackberry Priv vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Nokia 808 Pureview Apple iPhone Se vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy Note7 vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Nokia Lumia 925 Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte Dual Sim Samsung Galaxy On5 vs. Lenovo K3 Note Music vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 03.24 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels How Samsung's new Galaxy S9 compares to the Apple iPhone X Nokia CEO sees big 5G rollouts nearly a year ahead of schedule India to highlight 5G readiness, tech leadership at MWC. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Compare Mobile Phones » Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. performance Octa core Octa core display 5.7" (14.48 cm) 5.5" (13.97 cm) storage 32 GB 64 GB camera 20 MP 13 MP battery 3340 mAh 3800 mAh ram 3 GB 6 GB iris scanner Yes Yes other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope operating system Windows Phone v10 Android v8.0 (Oreo) sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM 9 brand Microsoft Nokia sim size SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available loudspeaker Yes Yes fm radio Yes - audio jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 MSM8998 graphics Adreno 430 Adreno 540 processor Octa core, 2 GHz, ARM Cortex A57 Octa core (2.45 GHz, Quad core, Kryo 280 + 1.9 GHz, Quad core, Kryo 280) architecture 64 bit - ram 3 GB 6 GB thickness 8.1 mm - width 78.4 mm - weight 165 grams - height 151.9 mm - colours Black, White Black display type AMOLED AMOLED screen to body ratio 75.04 % - pixel density 515 ppi 534 ppi screen protection Corning Gorilla Glass v4 Corning Gorilla Glass v5 screen size 5.7 inches (14.48 cm) 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) screen resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels 1440 x 2560 pixels touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch internal memory 32 GB 64 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 200 GB Yes Up to 256 GB settings Exposure compensation, ISO control Exposure compensation, ISO control aperture F1.9 F2.0 camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus image resolution 5160 x 3872 Pixels 4128 x 3096 Pixels sensor Back-illuminated sensor (BSI) - video recording features Optical Image stabilization - autofocus Yes Yes Phase Detection autofocus shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) resolution 5 MP Front Camera 13 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation Yes Yes flash Yes Triple LED Flash Yes Dual-color LED Flash video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps 3840x2160 @ 30 fps talktime Up to 19 Hours(3G) / Up to 25 Hours(2G) - wireless charging Yes - type Li-ion Li-ion capacity 3340 mAh 3800 mAh wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz wifi features Mobile Hotspot Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.1 Yes v5.0 usb typec Yes (Doesn't support micro-USB) Yes (Doesn't support micro-USB) nfc Yes Yes network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass Yes with A-GPS, Glonass sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 1900(band 2) / 1700(band 4) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1700 / 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 150 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 4)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) sim 2 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Bands: TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available Price ₹ 5,900 Expected: ₹ 34,990 Rating N/A N/A. Summary special features general multimedia performance design display storage camera battery network connectivity. X Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Gold (16GB) ₹ 10590. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13990. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 12795. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 7499. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16999. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 12999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 10999. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Popular Comparisons Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 vs Nokia 8 Compare Microsoft Lumia 535 vs Nokia 3 Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Compare Microsoft Lumia 535 vs Nokia 5 Compare Microsoft Nokia 215 vs Nokia 216 Dual SIM Compare Microsoft Lumia 640 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 XL vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Compare Microsoft Lumia 640 vs Nokia 6. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Your request appears to be from an automated process. If this is incorrect, notify us by clicking here to be redirected.. 
» Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Hands on Review. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Hands on Review. Latest Microsoft OS is Windows 10 and from now you will find every phone with this operating system. Microsoft’s another stunning released phone Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM which is strongest phone that can able to beat some other phones. Under Windows 10 series Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM released with great features that makes a user astonishing. I will explain hands on review of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM that how this phone is price worthy. If you want to get a 4G phone within exciting grate features then Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is best choice for you. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Hands on Review. In Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM has got stylish elegant design and this is much better than older released Smartphone. You will see pretty plastic with lots of pixels in this phone. This handset’s thickness is 8.1mm which is average by measuring thickness. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL comes with bigger and brighter 5.7 inch 1440 x 2560 pixels (~515 ppi pixel density) Full HD display. However you will see significant changes on Microsoft phone under Windows 10 series. Generally in their previous phone they used to write Microsoft, but in all Microsoft 10 phone they are using only Microsoft Logo. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL got Full HD Super sharp and vibrant display with comfortable view. You will find a high quality crisp and bright Display with 1440 x 2560 pixels resolution which is excellent for better display. In display used AMOLED technology which has added extra flavor and enrich the best viewing experience with exceptional rich image quality, which you didn’t experienced before. On Microsoft Lumia 950 XL display quality made awesome by 515 ppi pixel density densities. This is rare on other latest devices. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL is strongest and rich on features and capacity. This handset equipped with Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810 with Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57, which paired with 3GB of RAM. The combination of strongest processor and RAM made this handset extremely well.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Specification. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800. / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700),. mm (5.98 x 3.09 x 0.32 in). Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A57. Carl Zeiss optics, OIS, autofocus, triple-LED RGB flash. size, 1.12 µm pixel size, PureView technology, geo-tagging, face detection,. accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, sensor core. Up to 288 h (2G) /. Up to 25 h (2G) / Up. O T H E R FEATURES. Wireless charging (Qi-enabled) - market dependent. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM handset. LG G5 Lite Smartphone Ready With Octa Core. Oppo F1 Plus Review, Price and. Xiaomi MI 5 Review, Price and Specification. Dell Venue 8 Pro 5855 With Windows. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual With 23 MP Camera. Dear readers, after reading the Content please ask for advice and to provide constructive feedback Please Write Relevant Comment with Polite Language.Your comments inspired me to continue blogging. Your opinion much more valuable to me. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 SM-T819 Hands on Review. Let’s welcome the new Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 SM-T819 which is equipped with 1.8 GHz Octa Core Processor and high speed 3 GB, (LPDDR3) RAM.... Dell Venue 8 Pro 5855 With Windows 10. Let’s welcome the new Dell Venue 8 Pro 5855 which is equipped with Windows 10 Processor and high speed 4GB RAM that delivers speedy web brow.... Lenovo ZUK Z2 Pro Hands on Review. Let’s welcome the new Lenovo ZUK Z2 Pro which is equipped with Dual-core 2.15 GHz Kryo & dual-core 1.6 GHz Kryo Processor and high speed.... Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Hands on Review. Latest Microsoft OS is Windows 10 and from now you will find every phone with this operating system. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual With 23 MP Camera. Let’s welcome the new Sony Xperia Z5 which is equipped with Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A57 and high spee.... i PhonesWord © 2016. Home | About Us | Contact Us | Disclaimer | Terms of Service | Site Maps. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) eBay Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. More chances to get what you want Feedback on our suggestions. ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6071W - 64GB - Gold (T-Mobile) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone B. Microsoft Lumia 950/950XL - 32GB - (Unlocked/SIM FREE) Smartphone 12M Warranty. Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 GSM Unlocked AT&T 6017A 32GB Black 4G LTE. Brand New Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim 32GB Black Unlocked Smartphone RM-1116. Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) **RESET PROTECTION**. Microsoft lumia 950 xl - unlocked black. Nokia Lumia 950 RM-1105 32GB GSM Unlocked Smartphone-Black-Excellent. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB BLACK (Unlocked) Smartphone & DISPLAY DOCK. Factory Unlocked - Microsoft Lumia 950 - 32GB - Matte Black (AT&T) Great Cond!. Microsoft Lumia 950 32GB - Matte Black GSM Unlocked (AT&T) T-Mobile Smartphone C. Microsoft Lumia 950 - 32GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone. People were also interested in Feedback on our suggestions. Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 GSM Unlocked AT&T 6017A 32GB Black 4G LTE. NEW Microsoft Nokia Lumia 950 Dual SIM RM-1118 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED - White. New in Sealed Box Microsoft Nokia Lumia 950 XL 5.7" 4G LTE 32GB Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB BLACK (Unlocked) Smartphone & DISPLAY DOCK. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) **RESET PROTECTION**. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM RM-1116 - New in Opened Box. Microsoft lumia 950 xl - unlocked black. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. average based on 20 product ratings. “ Good Used Condition, minor marks and scratches on frame and front glass. Approximately C $304.18 (including shipping). No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes seller specified US shipping charges as well as applicable international shipping, handling, and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. United States and many other countries. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin postal/ZIP code, destination postal/ZIP code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. “ Good Used Condition, minor marks and scratches on frame and front glass. An item that has been used previously. The item may have some signs of cosmetic wear, but is fully operational and functions as intended. This item may be a floor model or store return that has been used. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Product Information Explore the web and access your favorite apps anywhere you go using the Microsoft Lumia 950. With 32 GB of built-in memory, it has enough space for your apps, messages, and media. This mobile phone features a 20-megapixel resolution camera for taking impressive pictures. Stay connected with the Microsoft Lumia 950. Product Highlights Video Product Identifiers Brand Microsoft Network Unlocked Family Line Microsoft Lumia Model 950 Dual SIM Type Smartphone Key Features Storage Capacity 32GB Color Black Network Generation 4G Camera Resolution 20.0MP Connectivity Bluetooth, USB, WiFi Memory Supported Flash Memory Cards MicroSD Battery Battery Capacity 3000 mAh Display Screen Size 5.2" Other Features Touch Screen Yes Bluetooth Yes Digital Camera Yes GPS Yes Email Access Yes Internet Browser Yes Speakerphone Yes Dimensions Height 5.7 in. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid postal code.. Item location: Austin, Texas, United States. Shipping to: United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Japan, China, Sweden, Korea, South, Indonesia, Taiwan, Thailand, Belgium, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Republic of, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Saint Lucia, Montserrat, Turks and Caicos Islands, Barbados, Bangladesh, Bermuda, Brunei Darussalam, Bolivia, Ecuador, Egypt, French Guiana, Guernsey, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Iceland, Jersey, Jordan, Cambodia, Cayman Islands, Liechtenstein, Sri Lanka, Luxembourg, Monaco, Macau, Martinique, Maldives, Nicaragua, Oman, Pakistan, Paraguay, Reunion. Please enter a number less than or equal to 0.. Please enter a valid postal code.. Please enter 6 digits for the postal code.. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin postal code, destination postal code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. The seller will not accept returns for this item.. (estimated and based on current bid). (estimated and based on max bid). Increase your chances of winning by setting a higher bid now.. Let eBay place automatic bids for you. This opens a help overlay dialogue about automatic bidding. As other bids come in, eBay will automatically raise your bid in small amounts, up to your limit. - opens in a new window or tab. This closes the help overlay dialogue.. By submitting your bid, you'll be committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.. By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.. By clicking Confirm , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.. By clicking Confirm , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase your maximum bid amount.. Resume bidding , if the page does not update immediately.. Bid layer is updating the contents.. + See item description for shipping. Don't let it get away - place another bid.. You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.. You're the highest bidder on this item!. You're the first bidder on this item!. You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.. This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.. You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.. You've been outbid by someone else.. You can still win! Try bidding again.. You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.. You can still win! Try bidding again.. You've been outbid by someone else.. To increase your chances of winning, try raising your bid.. You increased your max bid to. Enter a valid amount for your bid.. Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.. You have to bid at least. Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.. This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .. Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price. You can save time and money by buying it now.. Enter a custom max bid more than ##2##. Enter a custom max bid of ##2## or more. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. By clicking 1 Click Bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn more about 1-click bid - opens in a new window or tab. Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.. The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.. Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.. Good news, you're the high bidder.. You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.. I bought this for the dual SIM. This feature is not as straightforward as inserting the second SIM and continuing on. One SIM is designated as a 2G only SIM. When AT&T shuttered their 2G network it forced the AT&T SIM into either being off network or being the 3G/4G/LTE SIM, making my T-Mobile SIM 2G only. Be sure when removing the back to totally loosen the side without the buttons before attempting to remove the back. Too much flexing of the back in removal will break the thin plastic over the lock button. Replacing the back a $20+ expense if you get an original back. Knock offs have funky buttons and sometimes lack NFC or Qi charging.. Stick with the commercial releases of Windows 10. The Windows Insider releases are sometimes frustrating to use.. It is fast, works well, has an awesome screen and very good camera. I use it with the Continuum dock from time to time and that works well. Mostly, like this review, I do the work directly from the screen. I bought it when it was released and it has been my daily use phone since then.. I am very pleased with it.. Dual SIM Quad HD DIsplay, Works like PC,... compared to APple IOS, it is a dream OS phone. I've been using windows phones for a while, I finally decided to try this 950 for continuum. The phone is fast, stable, lightweight, great, if not the best, screen & camera. This phone model work great and fast and the zise its good, but the battery life its short.. There are copyright or trademark issues. It includes feedback about the seller. We’ll take a look and remove the review if it doesn’t follow our guidelines.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM specs & features, price in Pakistan. Microsoft Mobiles Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Release Date: 2015, October Views: 8126. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM features includes Dual Sim, Microsoft Windows 10 smartphone Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A57, 32 GB, 3 GB RAM, 2G, 3G, 4G, 2015, October, Features 2560 x 1440, Touchscreen, 20 MP camera, 5 MP, f/2.4, 1080p front camera, bluetooth, usb, gprs, edge, wlan, nfc, Iris scanner, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, sensor core. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in Pakistan. Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Pictures. Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Wallpapers. Sell Used Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Buy Used Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Dual Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Microsoft Windows 10, 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A57. 20 MP + 5 MP, f/2.4, 1080p. Microsoft sets price < 5000 Rs. Microsoft sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Microsoft sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Microsoft sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Microsoft sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Microsoft sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Microsoft sets price > 45000 Rs.. Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Price in Pakistan. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM best price in Pakistan is Rs. 68500 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Specifications. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300). Yes, 2 Sims Dual Sim Mobiles. 151.9 x 78.4 x 8.1 mm (5.98 x 3.09 x 0.32 in). Up to 288 h (2G) / Up to 288 h (3G). Up to 25 h (2G) / Up to 19 h (3G). microSD, up to 200 GB (dedicated slot) Mobile with Memory Card. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A57. Iris scanner, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, sensor core. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player, MP4/H.265 player, Video/photo editor. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. Microsoft Continuum support, Wireless charging (Qi-enabled) market dependent, Fast charging, Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic, MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player, MP4/H.265 player, OneDrive (15 GB cloud storage), Document viewer, Video/photo editor, GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. v3.1, Type-C reversible connector USB Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. Scratch Resistance, Touch Screen 16M colors, AMOLED capacitive touchscreen. 1440 x 2560 pixels (~515 ppi pixel density). 20 MP, 4992 х 37 20 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. Auto Focus, Video , Video Call. 1/2.4" sensor size, 1.12 µm pixel size, PureView technology, geo-tagging, face detection, panorama, HDR. yes Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.837 (sunlight. Yes Voice 74dB / Noise 75dB / Ring 84dB. Basemark OS II 2.0: 1472 / Basemark X: 32178. Disclaimer: Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM review. Lumia 950 Dual SIM |. Lumia 540 Dual SIM |. Lumia 640 LTE Dual SIM |. Lumia 430 Dual SIM |. Lumia 532 Dual SIM |. Lumia 535 Dual SIM |. Lumia 640 Dual SIM |. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Dual SIM. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
G'day ( Sign in to bid or buy) eBay Deals Gift Cards Help Sell. My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling/Sold Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Messages. United States and many other countries. help icon for Postage - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin postcode, destination postcode and time of acceptance and will depend on postage service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. United States and many other countries. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. average based on 20 product ratings. Photos not available for this variation. “ Good Used Condition, minor marks and scratches on frame and front glass. Approximately AU $306.79 (including postage). No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be posted through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Postage - opens a layer. This amount includes seller specified US postage charges as well as applicable international postage, handling, and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. More chances to get what you want 1/1. MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 XL Black - Unlock.... Microsoft Lumia 950/950XL - 32GB - (U.... Nokia Microsoft Lumia 950 GSM Unlocke.... Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM - 32G.... Brand New Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual.... Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual SIM - 32GB -.... Microsoft lumia 950 xl - unlocked black. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIm 32GB .... Microsoft Lumia 950 - 32GB - Black (A.... Factory Unlocked - Microsoft Lumia 95.... Nokia Lumia 950 RM-1105 32GB GSM Unlo.... Microsoft Lumia 950 - 32GB - Matte Bl.... Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. “ Good Used Condition, minor marks and scratches on frame and front glass. An item that has been used previously. The item may have some signs of cosmetic wear, but is fully operational and functions as intended. This item may be a floor model or store return that has been used. See the seller’s listing for full details and description of any imperfections. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Explore the web and access your favorite apps anywhere you go using the Microsoft Lumia 950. With 32 GB of built-in memory, it has enough space for your apps, messages, and media. This mobile phone features a 20-megapixel resolution camera for taking impressive pictures. Stay connected with the Microsoft Lumia 950. (estimated and based on max bid). By clicking Confirm bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.. By clicking Confirm bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agreed to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.. Resume bidding , if the page does not update immediately.. Don't let it get away - bid again!. , you're the highest bidder on this item. , you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.. , this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.. , you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.. Please enter a valid number as the bid price.. Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.. Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.. This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .. Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.. By clicking 1 Click Bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn more about 1-click bid - opens in a new window or tab. Congratulations! The auction has ended and you're the winner.. The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.. Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.. Good news, you're the high bidder.. You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. Maximum bids can't be lowered once submitted.. I bought this for the dual SIM. This feature is not as straightforward as inserting the second SIM and continuing on. One SIM is designated as a 2G only SIM. When AT&T shuttered their 2G network it forced the AT&T SIM into either being off network or being the 3G/4G/LTE SIM, making my T-Mobile SIM 2G only. Be sure when removing the back to totally loosen the side without the buttons before attempting to remove the back. Too much flexing of the back in removal will break the thin plastic over the lock button. Replacing the back a $20+ expense if you get an original back. Knock offs have funky buttons and sometimes lack NFC or Qi charging.. Stick with the commercial releases of Windows 10. The Windows Insider releases are sometimes frustrating to use.. It is fast, works well, has an awesome screen and very good camera. I use it with the Continuum dock from time to time and that works well. Mostly, like this review, I do the work directly from the screen. I bought it when it was released and it has been my daily use phone since then.. I am very pleased with it.. Dual SIM Quad HD DIsplay, Works like PC,... compared to APple IOS, it is a dream OS phone. I've been using windows phones for a while, I finally decided to try this 950 for continuum. The phone is fast, stable, lightweight, great, if not the best, screen & camera. This phone model work great and fast and the zise its good, but the battery life its short.. There are copyright or trademark issues. It includes feedback about the seller. We'll take a look and remove the review if it doesn't follow our guidelines.. 32GB Microsoft Lumia 950 XL ,. Factory Unlocked Microsoft Lumia 950 ,. Screen Protectors for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL ,. Mobile Phone Parts for Microsoft Lumia 950 XL ,. USB Cables for Samsung Microsoft Lumia 950 XL. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
