Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 price in India starts from Rs. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2500mAh removable battery. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Regular and Regular. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 With 8-Megapixel Front Camera Goes Official. More Micromax mobiles Micromax mobiles price in India. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India Canvas Selfie 4 (White Champangne, 8GB) Rs. 3,999 Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Silver, 8GB) Rs. 4,199 Canvas Selfie 4 (Champagne, 8GB) Rs. 5,299 Canvas Selfie 4 (8GB) Rs. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 detailed specifications. Release date May 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery Yes. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 8-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 2 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Jebson Immanuel | 19 Sep 2016. I PURCHASED MICROMAX CANVAS SELFY 4 LAST MONTH FROM A MICROMAX DEALER. I LIKE THE PHONE AND SEEING IT IS VERY USEFUL. PROS.: GOOD CAMERA, MARSHMALLOW, DISPLAY, BATTERY BACK UP, PROCESSOR. DIS ADV: BASS LESS MUSIC PLAYER, BUT IT IS NICE TO HEAR MUSICIN TREBLE MODE WHO LIKES IT, LAUNCHER BAD,WIDGETS LESS.....ETC..ANY WAY I GIVE 8.5/10.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Xandrieth Xs | 4 Aug 2016. The camera is as good as advertised.. The Battery is better than expected.. Features are good enough at the given price.. The display has real wide angles. You don't get any colour fade at any angle to be considered.. The apps run fine but take some time to start.. The back sensor is not at all as useful as advertised. The touch sensitivity still needs some improvements.. Has some pre-installed apps which are useless and can't be uninstalled..... Was this review helpful? Yes No. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 With 8-Megapixel Front Camera Goes Official. Micromax Bharat 5 Plus Micromax Bolt Q3001 Micromax Bharat 2 Plus Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax Bharat 5 Micromax Bharat-2 Ultra Micromax Bharat 1 Micromax Selfie 3 Micromax Bharat 4 Micromax Bharat 3 Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Evok Dual Note Micromax Selfie 2 Micromax Canvas 1 Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) Micromax Evok Power Micromax Evok Note Micromax Bharat 2 Micromax Dual 5 Micromax Spark Vdeo Micromax Vdeo 3 Micromax Vdeo 4 Micromax Vdeo 2 Micromax Vdeo 1 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Micromax Bolt Q326+ Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition Micromax Unite 4 Plus Micromax Bolt Supreme 4. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Micromax Canvas 4 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Samsung Galaxy Xcover 3 Value Edition Asus Zenfone 3 Ze520kl vs. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Asus Zenfone Selfie Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Panasonic P55 Novo Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition vs. Micromax Unite 4 Pro vs. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Micromax A116i Canvas Hd Gionee F103 Pro vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Rear Cameras, Curved Glass Design Launched. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 - user opinions and reviews. Edjing dj maker is not working in any phone of v6.0. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax A106 Unite 2 Micromax Canvas Spark Q380 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Micromax Canvas 2 Q4310. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 317 results for "Micromax Canvas Selfie 4". Premium Wireless Bluetooth Headphones W/mic Bass HD Stereo Earphones Noise Cancelling IPX7 Sweatproof Earbuds iPhone Samsung iOS Android 4.1 Headset Running Sports Gym Workout by ProTechWorld, Black. BLU Advance 4.0 L3, Dash, Grand ... J2, Mega, Selfie , HTC One X10 .... Slim QUICK CHARGE 2.0 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 18W with VoltIQ USB Car Charging Kit with 1M/3.3Ft Micro USB Cable! [Qualcomm Certified]. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Slim Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Heavy Duty Plug-In Car / Vehicle Charger!. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. FCS Silicon Transparent Back Case for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. Turbo Fast Powered 15W Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 SmartPhone Car Charger with Detachable Hi-Power MicroUSB Cable!. Product Features Amazing Turbo speed burst charge up your Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Black Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Black Accessory Kit Rapid 2. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 White Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 White Accessory Kit Rapid 2. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Cell Phone Home Wall DC Travel Charger Adapter 3 feet long. Product Features Home Wall DC Travel Charger for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Heavy Duty Vehicle Car Auto Plug in Charger Adapter. Product Features For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Heavy Duty Vehicle Car Auto Plug in Charger. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Heavy Duty Cell Phone Home Wall DC Travel Charger Adapter 5 feet long. Product Features Heavy Duty Home Wall DC Travel Charger for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Cell Phone Vehicle Car Charger Adapter. I-Sonite Non-Slip Car Mat Anti Slide Dashboard Sticky PAD Car Holder for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Professional Ultra SanDisk 400GB Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Micromax. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. OEM Authentic Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Car Charger with 2 (Two) 5 foot MicroUSB 2.0 Quick Charging Data Cables!. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. #1 for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Bluetooth Speaker Waterproof Shower AQUA Bass - HD Sound, Portable Chargable SD Card AUX FM Radio Microphone High Volume Green. #1 for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Bluetooth Speaker Waterproof Shower AQUA Bass - HD Sound, Portable Chargable SD Card AUX FM Radio Microphone High Volume Black. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Micromax is one of India's largest and most popular brands for smartphones as well as other electronics devices. It is famous for providing good value-for-money devices in the budget and mid-range segments.. Micromax has service centres in almost all the cities in India. You can locate the nearest Micromax service Centre through SMS.. Type ASC < space > City Pin code. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 details Read more. Impressive front camera Sleek design HD Display. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4, as the name suggests is a smartphone targeted mostly to the selfie loving users. Although it runs on latest version of Android OS(Marshmallow) most of its other features seems primitive with most smartphones offering much better specs in this price range. Go for it if you are tight on budget and looking to buy a selfie-centric phone.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 displays a 5-inch IPS LCD screen with HD resolution (720 x 1280 pixels) retaining pixel density of 294 ppi. This provides the smartphone a good clarity and sharpness along with wide viewing angles. It ships with Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) preloaded with a number of essential apps.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is armed with 1.3 GHz quad-core processor for handling all the operations. It is accompanied by 1GB RAM which takes care of multitasking. The smartphone houses 8GB space for internal storage which can be expanded upto 32GB expandable memory.. The Canvas Selfie 4 packs an 8 MP main camera along with LED flash. It is also equipped with an equally powerful 8MP front camera. As a selfie centric phone its front camera not only offers a good resolution but also comes with an LED flash enabling us to click good quality selfies even in low light or dark environment.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comes with a wide range of connectivity options like dual SIM, 3G, Wi-Fi with hotspot, Bluetooth v4.0, microUSB 2.0 and GPS. The device is fuelled by removable 2,500mAh li-ion battery. The device also features a 'Tap Sensor' on the rear that allows users to click picture, swap camera from front to back and vice-versa with just a tap.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 PRICE IN INDIA. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Available 8 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro + Micro No Fingerprint sensor FM Radio. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 Android Mobiles Below 5000. Top 10 Micromax Mobiles Below 5000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 User Reviews. BASED ON 52 RATING(S). 25 Feb 2017 By manish Kumar On flipkart.com. no other mobile has this type of camera and batery backup on this price. 07 Aug 2016 By Anand poojari On flipkart.com. It is good,battery backup is medium,camera is so nice & display is fantastic. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Specifications. 4 - 6 K Phones all phones. 4G: Not Available, 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A7. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: MediaTek. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731. Octa core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6752. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Up to 10 Hours(2G) Standby time. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Micro Network Support. 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Competitors for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Show only Android Micromax Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 294 ppi. Quad core 1.3 GHz RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 8 MP Battery capacity: 2500 mAH SIM card slots: 2 639 people viewed together 592 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. I don't want to see this. More expandable memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Lower battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 2500 mAH. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.3 GHz RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 8 GB 330 people viewed together 555 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi 103 people viewed together 282 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 2750 mAH vs 2500 mAH. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. Lower battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 2500 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.3 GHz Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi 122 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi 58 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3120 mAH vs 2500 mAH. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Quad core 1.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 294 ppi. OS: Android RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 8 MP Battery capacity: 2500 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 367 people viewed together 373 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. People who viewed Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Mobiles / Micromax Mobile Phones / Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 230 Launch Date in India: 04 July, 2016 Compare. The Indian handset maker, Micromax has finally realised its sweet spot in the Indian handset market and has been launching device after another in the country. Micromax has realised that majority of its user base is limited to smartphones under INR 10,000. This has led to launching devices like Canvas Evok and Canvas Fire 5.Now, the handset maker has launched a new smartphone for those who have a penchant for clicking selfies. This new device is called Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 and comes with an attractive price tag. Here is a brief overview of the handset for those who are looking for good selfie smartphone.. 8 Megapixels front camera: This smartphone is one of the very few devices that comes with a powerful 8 MP camera for clicking selfies. The front camera of the handset has also been equipped with an LED flash for enhanced low light selfies.. Tap Sensor on rear: This is a fairly new technology adopted by the brand that is intended for adding convenience for the user. Th sensor on the rear panel would allow users to click selfies with just a tap on the rear panel. Moreover, it can also answer or discard calls with the same tapping technology.. Pre-installed Android Marshmallow: This handset is the first from the stables of Micromax that comes with the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system out of the box. Moreover, the Around UI skinned on top of the Android OS makes it one of the better handsets to have.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. 5,299 .00. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. 6,000 .00. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India starts from. The lowest Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 price in India is. 5,299 at Flipkart.com on 26 February, 2018. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 3 /5 (49 User Reviews). Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.3 GHz Quad Core 1 GB RAM 8 GB Storage 5.0" (12.7 cm) Display 2500 mAh Battery 8 MP Rear Camera 8 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Drops from 5,299. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Drops from 5,299. 1.3 GHz Quad core (Cortex A7). Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Handset, Battery, Charger, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Top Alternatives. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Fire 5. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Bolt Supreme 4. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Lenovo Vibe K5. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Q462. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Spark 3. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie Lens Q345. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Lava P7 Plus. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Lyf F8. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Q348. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs XOLO Era 1X. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Juice 4G Q461. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Intex Aqua Power M. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Q340. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Coolpad Mega 2.5D. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Intex Cloud Tread. Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Xpress 4G Q413. Question: How much Internal storage space is free? Can Apps be moved to SD card?. This handset comes with 8 GB of inbuilt storage , of which around 4 GB of space is available to the user. Supported apps can easily be moved to the SD card in this device.. Question: Is USB OTG supported?. Answer: Yes, Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comes with USB OTG feature.. Question: - Does it come with Dual Tone LED Flash?. Answer: No, unfortunately the handset comes with single LED flash.. Question: Do both SIM cards support 4G ?. Answer: Unfortunately, this handset does not support 4G LTE.. Question: Is the battery removable?. Answer: Yes, the battery of this handset is removable.. Question: Does it record Slow motion Videos? What is the highest Video Resolution?. Answer: No, this smartphone cannot record slow motion videos. It can record videos in the highest resolution of 1080p. Question: How is the software?. Answer: It comes with a near stock Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system, which makes for a good user experience.. Question: Does it support VoLTE ?. Answer: No, the smartphone does not support VoLTE feature.. Question: What comes inside the box?. Answer: Handset, Charger, User Guide, Warranty Card. Micromax Mobiles Upcoming Micromax Mobiles Micromax Mobiles Between 5000 7000 Micromax Mobiles Under 6000 Micromax 4G Mobiles Micromax Keypad Mobiles Micromax Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Micromax 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives FAQs. 
Listed Price : 4,722. Full Specifications of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Dual Sim Capability Yes, Micro SIM. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 32 GB. Processor 1.3 GHz Quad core Processor. Camera resolution 8 MP with Flash. Games Support Temple run paradise and Monster truck Saga. Applications Marketplace Amazon shopping, App centre, App bazaar, Music by Gaana, Hike, Ixigo cabs, Milive, Quikr, Scandid, Operamini, Snapdeal, Travel. Battery Life - Standby 450 Hours. Battery Life - Talk Time 10 Hours. More on Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Reviews in India. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Features & Specs. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Vs Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Plus. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 2. 19,100 Buy Now. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 features 5-inch display, 1.3 GHz Quad core Processor with 1GB of RAM and 8 gigs of expandable internal memory. There is 8-megapixels camera on the back, as well as 8-megapixels selfie unit. The Canvas Selfie 4 is powered by 2,500 mAh battery and runs Android Marshmallow.. Processor 1.3 GHz Quad core Processor. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Hands On. Write a Review on Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Micromax / Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 3.9 141 Ratings 2 Questions & Answers. Micromax Canvas Selie 4 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The smartphone has a 5-inch HD IPS LCD display. Other popular mobile from Micromax is. It has an 8 MP rear camera with an LED flash and an 8 MP front facing camera with an LED flash. The device is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek processor and 1GB RAM. It has 8GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card up to 32GB. Connectivity options include 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a Li-Ion 2,500 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 6,000. Key Specifications 1GB RAM 8GB internal storage 2500 mAh battery 8 M.Pixels rear & 8 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is at Amazon. Canvas Selfie 4 is not available in other online stores.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is the successor to the Canvas Selfie 3. The smartphone does not feature any huge improvements in terms of specs but users get an impressive front-facing camera paired with entry-level hardware at an affordable price.. The Micromax canvas smartphone runs the Android 6.0 Lollipop operating system out of the box ditching the Lollipop platform on its predecessor. The Selfie 4 is available in gold colour and looks classy despite its plastic frame. In terms of display, the device flaunts a 5-inch HD IPS LCD screen that is combined with decent viewing angles.. The smartphone is equipped with Tapp Sense that lets you attend calls with a double-tap, click pictures with a single tap and simply long-pressing the touch area allows you to toggle between the front & rear camera. At its heart, the device is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek chipset which is paired with 1GB of RAM to make way for a smooth and lag-free smartphone experience.. Equipped with a dual 8-megapixel front and back camera, the smartphone is designed for clicking images and shooting videos. One needn't worry about any lighting conditions as the smartphone sports an LED flash both at the back and front. There is 8GB of onboard storage that can further be expanded up to 32GB using the microSD card slot.. Backed by a Li-Ion 2,500 mAh cell, the smartphone promises an entire day of usage for a normal user. Unfortunately, the device does not have LTE support. For connectivity the Canvas Selfie 4 ships with regular options like twin SIM slots, 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS and a microUSB 2.0 port.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720x1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 294 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Primary 8 M.Pixels Front 8 M.Pixels Video 1080p Storage Internal 8GB RAM 1GB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Ion Talk time 10 hrs Capacity 2500 mAh Standby Time 450 hrs Connectivity Bluetooth Yes Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G No SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Architecture Cortex-A7 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.3 GHz Make Mediatek MT6580 GPU Mali-400MP2 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. It doesn't have any IP67 or IP68 certification, so it is not water and dust resistant.. Yes, as far as I have used it. User Reviews of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Micromax mobile price list in India. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J2 (2017) price in India (Rs. Redmi 4 price in India (Rs. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you when product becomes available.. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 was obtained on 26th February 2018 16:22:41 The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is available in Amazon, Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is available in Silver colours across various online stores in India.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India is Rs. 6,000 as on 26th February 2018 16:22:41. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 With 8-Megapixel Front Camera Goes Official. Ketan Pratap , 24 May 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The Canvas Selfie runs Android Marshmallow out-of-the-box.. It sports a 'Tap Sensor' at the rear for clicking images or taking calls.. It is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor.. Micromax seems to be on a launching spree, as the company has introduced its new Canvas Selfie 4 smartphone in India. The company has announced that the Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 will be going on sale by end of this month available across retail stores. The company this week also unveiled the Micromax Bolt Selfie priced at Rs. The biggest highlight of the Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is its 8-megapixel front and rear cameras. The smartphone also runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow which could mean it is the first device from Micromax running the Android OS version.. Another notable feature of the Canvas Selfie 4 is its rear 'Tap Sensor' which the company touts can click images on tapping. The sensor can also be used to take calls.. For specifications, Micromax Canvas Selfie features a 5-inch HD display; 1.3GHz quad-core processor; 1GB of RAM; 8GB of storage; expandable storage support up to 32GB via microSD card; 3G support, and 2500mAh battery.. Commenting on the launch, Shubhajit Sen, Chief Marketing Officer, said, "Selfies are now the most popular type of photos snapped on a smartphone, with over a million selfies taken per day and 48 percent of that are shared on Facebook alone. With smartphones becoming the first device to capture precious moments with friends and family, a top class camera becomes a must have feature while buying a phone. With the Canvas Selfie 4 and its tap sensor we are upgrading the selfie experience of our young hyper social youngsters who are looking for a perfect integration of innovation, style and performance with an excellent selfie experience.". For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 With 8-Megapixel Front Camera Goes Official. More Micromax mobiles Micromax mobiles price in India. Further reading: Micromax , Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 , Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Specifications , Micromax Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Europe's Galileo Satellite Navigation System Gets a Fresh Pair of Satellites. MacBook Pro Overhaul to Bring Touch ID, Oled Touch Panel in Q4: KGI. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 With 8-Megapixel Front Camera Goes Official. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Airtel Joins Global Alliance for In-Flight Data Connectivity This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Rear Cameras, Curved Glass Design Launched. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 ›. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Champagne Gold). If price drops within 30 days, you will get difference money back. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Champagne Gold). 10 Days Replacement Policy ?. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 Specifications. - Processor: 1.3 GHz MediaTek MT6580, Quad Core. Handset, Earphone, Travel Charger, Data Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. 16.7M Colour Depth, Capacitive Touch, Multi Touch. Auto Flash, CMOS Image Sensor, Self-Timer, Touch to Focus, Scene Mode, ISO Setting. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 1.3 GHz MediaTek MT6580, Quad Core. MP3, MIDI, WAV, AMR, AAC, Etc. MP4, AVI, MKV, WMV, 3GP, HD, Etc. 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories. For More details, Please refer Manufacturer's website. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 Customer Reviews. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. We’re glad you shared the question with OnlyMobiles.com! Our Tech Enthusiast will get back to you at the earliest!. In the meantime, do keep an eye on your mail box. We will keep you posted with the updates!. Lenovo Vibe B A2016 (Matte Black). Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Champagne Gold). All major credit & debit cards accepted. If price drops within 30 days, you will get difference money back. 
Home >> Phones >> Micromax >>Canvas Selfie 4. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is a Smartphone Powered by Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Android UI and 8MP camera with LED flash.. - 1GB RAM With 8GB ROM. - 5 Inch HD IPS Touchscreen Display. - 8MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: May 2016 |. 8MP Primary Camera, 8 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 (White & Champangne, 8 GB)(1 GB RAM) 3,999 Go to Store Micromax Selfie 4 Silver 5,999 Go to Store. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core, 1.3 GHz, NA that is coupled with NA GPU,. RAM and 8 GB Storage, 1 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 sports a 8.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Micromax makes use of a 8.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Hotspot, Yes, v4.0, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS support.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 gets the power from a Li-Ion 2500 mAH, Battery.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Flipkart, Amazon and leading offline stores.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date May 2016 Indian Release Date May 2016 BODY Dimensions NA Weight NA DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core, 1.3 GHz GPU NA Chipset NA STORAGE Internal Storage 8 GB Storage, 1 GB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 8.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 8.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player AAC, MIDI, MP3, WAV, AMR Video Player 3GP, MP4, 3GPP Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 2500 mAH, Battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS support Browser Yes, HTML 3G Speed Yes NETWORK SUPPORT 3G WCDMA 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G NA. 1 GB 5MP. 1 GB 2MP. 1 GB 5MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTg5MjMwfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Micromax Canvas Infinity first impression: A device with a stunning design and competitive. Interview with Rahul Sharma ( Micromax ). Latest Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 NEWS. Micromax launches two new selfie smartphones May 25, 2016. Indian smartphone maker Micromax on Tuesday launched two new devices 'Bolt Selfie' and 'Canvas Selfie 4' for the first-time consumers and selfie lovers. "With smartphones becoming the first device to capture precious moments with friends and family, a top. Micromax Evok Dual Note (4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 sports a 5.5-inch 720p display, 1.3 GHz quad-core processor, 1 GB of RAM, 8 GB of storage and two 8-megapixel cameras.. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 10.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 18.8 days (450 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. 1-24 of 557 results for Cell Phones & Accessories :. Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Q340 - black. CELLBELL Shatterproof, Glossy-Finish Screen Protector for Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Q340 - Transparent. Order now and we'll deliver when available.. Premium Wireless Bluetooth Headphones W/mic Bass HD Stereo Earphones Noise Cancelling IPX7 Sweatproof Earbuds iPhone Samsung iOS Android 4.1 Headset Running Sports Gym Workout by ProTechWorld, Black. Phone wallet cell phone holder with wrist strap for Micromax Canvas Selfie , Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 , Micromax Canvas Selfie 3. FREE Shipping on eligible orders and 2 more promotions. 5% off purchase of 2 items 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. 2-in-1 Micro-USB Chargers for Micromax Bharat 2 Plus, Canvas Selfie 2 Note, Meizu M6 (Black) - 2.1Ah Travel Charger Adapter (Dual Port) + USB Charging Cable. Essential ULTRA 64GB Micromax Canvas Selfie Lens SmartPhone MicroSDXC Card with custom format for Hi-Speed Lossless certified recording! With SD Adapter. (Class 10, up to 500x or 70MB/sec). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Performance Grade 128GB Micromax Canvas Selfie Lens SmartPhone MicroSDXC Card by MIXZA is Pro-Speed, Heat & Cold Resistant, and built for Lifetime of Constant Use! (UHS-I/3.0/Up to 750x). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. DFV mobile - Magnetic leather Holster Card Holder Case belt Clip Rotary 360º for => MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE LENS, Q345 > Black. Slim QUICK CHARGE 2.0 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 18W with VoltIQ USB Car Charging Kit with 1M/3.3Ft Micro USB Cable! [Qualcomm Certified]. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Slim Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Heavy Duty Plug-In Car / Vehicle Charger!. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. FCS Silicon Transparent Back Case for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. Turbo Fast Powered 15W Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 SmartPhone Car Charger with Detachable Hi-Power MicroUSB Cable!. Turbo Fast Powered 15W Micromax Canvas Selfie SmartPhone Car Charger with Detachable Hi-Power MicroUSB Cable!. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Black Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Q340 Black Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie Lens Q345 White Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Q348 Black Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Q340 White Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Q348 White Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie Lens Q345 Black Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 White Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. DFV mobile - Magnetic Holster Card Holder Case belt Clip Rotary 360º for => MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE LENS, Q345 > Black. DFV mobile - Magnetic leather Holster Card Holder Case belt Clip Rotary 360º for => MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE LENS, Q345 > Black. For Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Q340 Cell Phone Home Wall DC Travel Charger Adapter 3 feet long. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (6.0) Android (7.0, 6.0). 5.97 x 2.95 x 0.31 inches (151.7 x 75 x 8 mm). 5.89 oz (167 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features Fingerprint (touch) Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus Autofocus, CMOS image sensor. Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Panorama, Night mode Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode, Scenes. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling, Video sharing Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 8 megapixels 8 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. MediaTek MT6580 Samsung Exynos 7 Octa 7870. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7 Octa-core, 1600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. 1 GB RAM 3 GB RAM. Maximum User Storage 3.5 GB 10.3 GB. up to 32 GB up to 256 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 10.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 18.8 days (450 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). 21.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 b, g, n. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, BeiDou. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync ANT+, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: A3LSMG610F link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $208 Buy. $185 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The next video is starting stop. MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE 4 Q349 DUAL SIM Unboxing Video – in Stock at www.welectronics.com. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Here is a video of the MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE 4 Q349 DUAL SIM from Overseas Electronics in Chicago!!! Thank you for watching the Unboxing Video enter Discount Code " Ship4Free " to get Free shipping on your order. SPECS: NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands HSDPA 900 / 2100 Speed HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes BODY Dimensions - Weight - SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) DISPLAY Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.0 inches Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Mediatek MT6580 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Mali-400MP2 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal 8 GB, 1 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama Video 1080p Secondary 8 MP, LED flash SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth Yes GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio FM radio USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer, proximity Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, IM Browser HTML Java No - MP3/AAC/WAV player - MP4/H.264 player - Document viewer - Photo editor BATTERY Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery. Comments are disabled for this video.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Hands on Review । micromax CANVAS selfie 4 । TactBuzz. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Plus Unboxing. Worlds Slimmest Phone "Micromax canvas sliver 5 "unboxing. Micromax Canvas Fire 4G plus Unboxing!. Micromax canvas selfie 4 q349 hard reset done.. Micromax Dual 4 (3GB RAM, 128GB expandable storage) Full specifications, price & reviews. NOKIA Back To Market With Android Windows Mobiles With Latest Technology 2. Micromax Bolt Selfie Unboxing & Review (Q424). Micromax VDEO 4 - Unboxing & Hands On | First Looks. Micromax Canvas 2 2017 Unboxing, Hands on, Camera, Features. Micromax Canvas Selfie Unboxing & Review from The MobileStore. Hidden Features Of Micromax Canvas Infinity You Have Never Seen Before1. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 REVIEW CHARACTERISTICS GADGET / ОБЗОР ХАРАКТЕРИСТИКА ГАДЖЕТА. Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Unboxing at Mahesh Telecom. Micromax Evok Power Fingerprint Sensor Review and Features. Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Pro Unboxing and First Look. Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Unboxing And Review. Micromax SELFIE 2 Unboxing (Gold): Best Camera, Battery, Software & Hardware at INR 9,999/-. Canvas Selfie 4 Full Specification and Features. Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Q348 Review Benchmark Pros and Cons | Techconfigurations. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.3 GHz Processor 1 GB RAM, 8 GB inbuilt 2500 mAh Battery 5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 8 MP Rear + 8 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v6.0. Android Marshmallow Dual SIM Decent Selfie cam hardware. Shipping: FREE 2-5 Business Days. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Champagne, 8 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Grey, 8 GB). Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Silver, 8 GB). Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 (White & Champangne, 8 GB). Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v6.0 2500 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 8 MP Flash 8 MP Front Camera Technical: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 1 GB RAM 8 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G WiFi Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. AMOLED Displays have better response time often to under a millisecond, and they consume significantly less battery. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. Has a camera for taking photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can't connect your phone to a TV. Compass Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Device Type: Smartphone Display Type: Color AMOLED screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 294 PPI Memory RAM: 1 GB Internal: 8 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes Wifi: Yes Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes Sensors: Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 8 MP Dual Camera: No Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 8 MP Technical OS: Android, v6.0 (Marshmallow) CPU: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Size: 2500 mAh, Li-ion Battery. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Review, Features, Specification and Price In India. Micromax in the last couple of months has up its stake in the Indian smartphone market by launch a barrage of new launches. Following this continues with the pursuit of self-revival Micromax is expected to launch Canvas Selfie 4 soon In India. The budget smartphone will be targeted towards budget smartphone buyers from offline markets. Here’s everything we have gathered about Micromax Canvas selfie 4 including features, specification and price in India. The USP of Canvas Selfie 4 is its 8-megapixel camera setups. It features 8MP camera on both front and rear sides. Micromax played another trump card as it runs on Android 6.0, which interestingly makes it first Marshmallow running device from the Indian company. The Canvas Selfie 4 is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core chipset coupled with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage space. It also has a microSD slot which supports a card up to 32GB. The 3G enabled phone is backed by a 2500mAh battery. Additionally, it supports wifi, GPS Bluetooth as connectivity options. The phone will hit shelves of retail stores across the country by the end of May 2016. So far Micromax has stayed mum on the pricing of the phone. However, we expect Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 best price in India should be around Rs. For more updates on Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 launch price and online availability subscribe to Smartprix alerts.. Android Marshmallow Dual SIM Decent Selfie cam hardware. No reviews found for this mobile. Be the first to write a review.. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Pro Q465. Micromax Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Pro Q465 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Bolt Selfie vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs iVooMi iV505 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs InFocus M370 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Q348. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones Micromax Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Brief Description. Check out the Best Price in India for the Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 at Rs. 15999 available at amazon Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Specification. Please enter your email to be informed whenever the price of this product reaches your Target Price. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is currently available at the best price of: ₹15,999. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 was launched in May 2016 & runs on Android 6.0 OS. The Smartphone is available only in one color i.e. Black & provides a host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, GPS, Wifi Bluetooth capabilities. 15999 the phone is available with 8 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 1.3 GHz Quad core processor. A 1 GB of RAM ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 8 GB of internal storage can be expanded to 32 GB via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a 2500 mAh battery to support it's 5 inch screen with HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display having a resolution of 720 x 1280 at 294 ppi. The screen is also protected by a durable Scratch Resistant glass.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comes with a 8 megapixel rear Camera and 8 megapixel front Camera.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price In India Starts From Rs. The best price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is Rs.15999 on amazon ,. This phone is available in 8 GB storage variants. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is available in Black colours across various online stores in India.. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. The latest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 was obtained on 21st February 2018, 07:31:09 The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is available on amazon. Buy Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 online in India for the lowest price.. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is available in Black across various online stores in India.. HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. Micromax Canvas Selfie A255.... Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32.... Write a Review on Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Micromax launches Canvas Infinity Pro with edge-to-edge display, dual selfie cameras at Rs 13,999. Expanding its Canvas Infinity&nbsp;series, domestic smartphone maker Micromax on Monday launched Canvas Infinity Pro&nbsp;with edge-to-edge display.... Micromax Canvas Infinity with 18:9 Full Vision display launched at Rs 9,999, will be Amazon India exclusive. Micromax has finally launched the Canvas Infinity with an 18:9 Full Vision display at Rs 9,999. After days of rumours and official teasers, the.... Micromax Selfie 2 smartphone with 8MP front camera, Android Nougat launched at Rs 9,999. Micromax has launched a new selfie-centric device called the Selfie 2. The device is priced at Rs 9,999 and will be available from tomorrow. Buy Now In Micromax Mobile Phones Popular. Micromax Bolt Q3001 Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. Micromax Canvas Selfie A255.... Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comparison Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. iBall Andi 5G Blink 4G Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Lava X17 Compare Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 vs. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. Micromax Canvas Selfie A255.... Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
All Categories Mobiles Laptops Tv Camera Watches Hard disk Pendrives Books Best Sellers More >>. Mobiles Micromax Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Best Price: Rs. 4499 /- PRICE DROP ALERT COMPARE. Name Email Target Price. Please Check Your Inbox or Spam Folder Now.. Android v6.0 Marshmallow OS 3G Quad Core Processor 1GB RAM 5" HD Screen 8MP Rear Camera 8MP Front Camera 2500mAH Battery 8GB Internal Memory. 1GB RAM Phones Full HD Phones 5000mAh Battery Phones Best Selling Phones. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4: Capturing the Best Selfies in Town Micromax’s launching spree witnesses a new, selfie-focused smartphone that packs in a few additional thrills besides the potent shooters. This handset will soon start selling, via the leading retail stores and it is now appropriate to take a closer look at the existing list of specifications: Pros Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 brings in a standard 5-Inch screen that offers 1280x720 pixels , in terms of resolution. The HD display also supports multi-touch. Powering the same is a sizeable, 2,500mAh battery module that is a pretty handy deal given the existing list of attributes. Dual-SIM support is rendered to this handset in addition to 3G and Wireless connectivity. Micromax also features Bluetooth compatibility and GPS for navigation. Other physical enhancements include a 3.5mm audio jack and the FM Radio. In terms of internals, this handset boasts of a Quad-core processor clocking at 1.3GHz. Cons Micromax could have improved upon the existing 1GB RAM support for making multitasking easier. Internal storage capacity at 8GB isn’t the best attribute on offer even with an expansion slot at the helm. Unique Selling Points Purchase Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 for the 8MP primary shooter and the potent 8MP front facing camera module. Micromax offers Android Marshmallow v6.0 with this smartphone the company’s first rendition with this version on-board. A ‘Tap Sensor’ is associated with this gadget allowing users to click images and attend calls on tapping the same. Lastly, even for such a wide-array of powerful specifications, this handset might just be one of the cheapest ones available.. Compare Price Specs Videos Best Sellers Similar mobiles. (94% Positive Reviews) In Stock Rs. 4499 Delivery In: 2-4 Working Days COD: YES &nbsp EMI: YES Return Policy: 10 Days Warranty: Amazon A-to-Z Guarantee. Note: Price might change with location.. (90% Positive Reviews) In Stock Rs. 5540 + Free Shipping Delivery In: 2-4 Working Days COD: YES &nbsp EMI: YES Return Policy: 10 Days Warranty: By Manufacturer. Note: Price might change with location.. + GENERAL Model Q349 Announced 2016, May Release Date 2016, May + SOFTWARE Operating System Android v6.0 Marshmallow + HARDWARE Processor 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor Sensors Accelerometer FingerPrint Sensor No + RAM & STORAGE RAM 1 GB Internal Memory 8 GB External Storage 32 GB + DISPLAY & TOUCH Size 5 inches Touch Screen Yes, Capacitive Screen Type IPS Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Display Pixel Density ~294 ppi Multi-touch Yes Stylus No + CAMERA Rear Camera 8 MP Front Camera 8 MP Rear Camera Flash Yes, LED Flash Front Camera Flash No + NETWORK 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Network WCDMA 2100 + SIM OPTIONS Dual SIM Yes, GSM and GSM Hybrid Dual SIM No Dual standby Yes Triple SIM No Micro SIM Yes Nano SIM No CDMA No + DESIGN Form Factor Phablet Color Black QWERTY No + INTERNET Browser HTML5 GPRS Yes EDGE Yes 3G HSDPA, HSUPA GPS Yes, With A-GPS + CONNECTVITY Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 USB microUSB v2.0 Wi-Fi Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Hotspot Yes NFC No + MUSIC & VIDEO Music Player MP3, WAV, AAC Radio Yes Video Player MP4, H.264 3.5mm Jack Yes Loud Speaker Yes Ringtones Vibration, MP3 + MESSAGING SMS Yes, Threaded View MMS Yes EMAIL Email, Push Email IM Yes Social Networking Yes + BATTERY Battery Type 2500 mAh battery + APPS & GAMES Built-in Apps Google Play, Google Search, Google Maps, Google Calendar, Gmail, Youtube Games Yes Java Yes + Additional Features SNS Integration, Predictive Text Input. *Specifications & Colors are given for reference only. Please check with the seller before buying.. Xiaomi Redmi 5A Rs.4,999 Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Rs.8,999 Xiaomi Redmi 5A 3GB RAM Rs.6,999 Xiaomi Mi A1 Rs.13,999. Lava X28+ Rs.5,749 Micromax Vdeo 4 Rs.5,699 Intex Aqua Power 4G Rs.5,695 Intex Aqua Craze II Rs.5,499. Video review of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Details Rs.4499 is the best price available for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 in India today and since it is online price, it is valid in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kolkata and all other cities and states as well Prices shown above are in Indian Rupees. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is currently available at 2 online shops in India. The best price is Rs. 4499 , which is available from Amazon. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is available in Amazon and Flipkart. The lowest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 at Rs. 4499 and maximum price at Rs. 5540 differs by 19%. Since you have checked price at PriceDealsIndia.com you can save Rs.1041 The price shown here for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is the same across the country where it is deliverable. Additional shipping charges may apply based on the location and seller. But you can get the best deal on Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 in all prominent cities in India including Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Hyderabad and in all states including Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Goa, Karnataka etc if you buy through us. Now-a-days, buying online is easy and safe and you can get the lowest price for most of the products. Online shopping has become more customer friendly now-a-days with options like Cash-On-Delivery (popularly known as COD) and EMI options from many prominent banks. Some of the leading online sellers accept payments via their own payment wallets as well as via PayTM wallet making the transaction much easier. The page was last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Lenovo Xiaomi Vivo Huawei Oppo OnePlus. Apple Asus HTC Nokia Sony Micromax LG. Under Rs.4000 Under Rs.5000 Under Rs.6000 Under Rs.7000 Under Rs.8000 Under Rs.9000 Under Rs.10000. Under Rs.12000 Under Rs.15000 Under Rs.18000 Under Rs.22000 Under Rs.25000 Under Rs.28000 Under Rs.30000. Disclaimer We at PriceDealsIndia.com have tried our level best to keep all the information on this page up-to-date as on 2018 Feb 26th. However the prices, specifications and availability may vary at times due to circumstances which are not under our control and the customers are advised to confirm price and specifications of the product from the Seller's website before buying it. ✶All registered trademarks and logos are properties of their respective owners✶. Categories Mobiles Camera Laptop Tablet Pendrive External Harddisk Tv Watches. Features SMS Price Search Compare Phones Compare Camera Compare TV Compare Laptop. Pricedealsindia About Us Contact Us Feedback Form Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Brand Popular Search Links. 
Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 Price. The product is too costly at current price. There are cheaper product with similar features available.. Dual Sim, Micro-SIM, GSM + GSM. 5.0 Inch Display,1280 X 720 pixels. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 in India. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 price in India is Rs.4,490. flipkart is the best price seller for this Micromax Mobiles from amongst 7 sellers.. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 at Flipkart. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 at Ebay. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 at Infibeam. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 at Shopclues. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 at Homeshop18. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 at Snapdeal. Price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 at Amazon. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 Specifications. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 Specification and features are mentioned below. The specification are from the 7 seller(s) and other reliable sources. Dual Sim, Micro-SIM, GSM + GSM. 1280 x 720 Pixels, 294 ppi. 1.3 GHz , Quad Core 1.3 Ghz. More about Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 is available with mentioned stores as on February 26, 2018. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 online store price is applicable to all cities including Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Cochin, Jaipur, Patna, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Nagpur, Surat, Indore, Agra, Thane, Gurgaon, Noida. The price for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 is for new Mobiles and not of second hand or used Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. The page was last updated on February 26, 2018.. Price In India of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349-Rs.4,490. Popular Searches Related To Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349. Best Micromax Mobiles Under Rs.12000 India. Best Micromax Mobiles Under Rs.10000 India. Best 5 Inches Screen Size Micromax Mobiles India. Best 13 MP Camera Micromax Mobiles India. Best 2 GB RAM Micromax Mobiles Under Rs.15000 India. Best Micromax Mobiles Under Rs.5000 India. Best Dual Sim Micromax Mobiles India. Best Micromax Mobiles Under Rs.7000 India. Micromax Canvas Fire 5 Q386 features. We are not sure how putting a copyright symbol here helps us, anyways for the sake of sanity - © 2016 Wowway Labs Pvt. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. 1 year Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan. OneAssist Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan for Mobile & Tablets from Rs 5001 to Rs 8000. from OneAssist Consumer Solutions Pvt Ltd. Self / auto Activation of the Plan within 15 DAYS of purchase of Device. FREE DOORSTEP DEVICE PICK UP & DROP SERVICE. Maximum 2 claims during tenure of membership. Cashless Repair in Authorized Service Center only. Protection plan is backed by Insurance and is Valid for One Year only on new device. One Year Protection Plan for Accidental Damage, Drops and Spills. Claims accepted only after successful activation of plan within 15 days of device purchase. Protection plan transferrable from Old device to New Device. Plan is applicable for Androids and Windows device only. For any IMEI Change inform Oneassist at 1800 123 3330. OnsiteGo 1 Year Extended warranty for Mobiles (Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. The 1 Year OnsiteGo Extended Warranty plan covers all mechanical and electronic defects that are covered under the standard manufacturer's warranty. The plan is applicable for all mobiles between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. You can purchase the plan at the time of buying the device or within 6 months from the purchase date. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. You can activate the plan by following some simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the mobile brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold and fulfilled by SINGLA MOBILE HUB .. CPU - Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7. Internal : 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. Camera - Primary 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash and Secondary: 8 MP, LED flash. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Micromax Canvas Fire 5 Q386 (Champagne). Micromax Canvas Selfie Lens Q345 (Moondust Grey). M.G.R.J Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 Tempered Glass Screen Protector with 0.3mm Ultra Slim 9H Harness, 2.5D Round Edge, Crystal Clear & Alcohol Swabs. Micromax Canvas Blaze 4G plus Q414 (Blue). Micromax Q345 (Dual SIM, White + Champange). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Micromax Canvas Fire 5 Q386 (Champagne). Micromax Spark 4G Prime (Champagne Gold). Micromax Canvas Nitro 3 E352 (Slate Grey). Intex Aqua Cloud Q11- 4G (Champagne, 8GB). Description for MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE 4 Q349. Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by), 5.0 inches Display, OS - Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), CPU - Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, Card slot - microSD, up to 32 GB, Internal : 8 GB, 1 GB RAM, Camera - Primary 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash and Secondary: 8 MP, LED flash, Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery. MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE 4 Q349 Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 16.4 x 9.6 x 5 cm. #1,42,160 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 28 June 2016. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 100%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Wrong image in the description. the image shownm is of dufferent model. Was this review helpful to you?. See and discover other items: micromax canvas , 3g phone , micromax phone , micromax phones , all micromax phones , micromax canvas phone. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones Micromax Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price by. 61 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Buy Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 In India at These Prices. Black - Out of Stock Silver - Out of Stock. Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Silver - Out of Stock Champagne Gold - Out of Stock. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Full Features & Specifications. / 10 See Better Options Screen Size 5 inch Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Pixel Density 293.72 PPI Bezel Less No Chipset. / 10 See Better Options Brand MediaTek Processor Speed 1.3GHz Processor Type Quad-Core RAM 1GB 6. / 10 Graphics Mali-400 MP2 Camera. / 10 See Better Options Rear Camera Resolution 8MP Dual Rear Camera No Front Camera Resolution 8MP Dual Selfie Camera No Camera Details Auto Flash, Digital Zoom Camera Features LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 6.0 Marshmallow Device Type Touchscreen Features GPS Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor Connectivity 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color Black, Champagne Gold, Silver Build Material Plastic Device Warranty 1 Year In The Box Device, Charger, Earphone, User Manual Storage. / 10 See Better Options Internal Storage 8GB Card Slot Yes Maximum Card Slot Capacity 32GB Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Mini (Normal) SIM SIM 1 Details 3G, 2G, Mini SIM SIM 2 Details 3G, 2G, Mini SIM Hybrid SIM (microSD + SIM) No 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Bands HSDPA 900 / 2100 Battery. / 10 See Better Options Battery Capacity 2500mAh Battery Type Lithium-ion (Li-ion) Removable Battery No Wireless Charging No Fast Charging No. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 collected from popular online stores. Pricebaba does not charge you anything extra for its services.. Pricebaba can help you save Rs. Flipkart, Amazon , eBay & Shopclues. is available for buying Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 if you are using your credit card. Cash on Delivery (COD) can also be availed depending on your location. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 can be delivered at the above price across 100's of Indian cities including. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price In India. by setting a price drop alert with us. We expect all sellers listed above to provide a valid tax invoice for any purchase you make.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 All Prices. Seller(s) of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Latest Price Flipkart Rs. Introduction: Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is a dual SIM device that was launched in May 2016. Face beauty modes, wide selfies, scene frame and Tapp sense for opening all apps rapidly are its major highlights.. Display and Design: Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comes with 5 inch LCD HD IPS touch screen capacitive display, 1280 x 720 pixels screen resolution and 293.72PPI pixel density. It is available in 3 colours including Champagne Gold, Black and Silver.. Hardware and Features: This dual SIM device is loaded with 1.3GHz quad-core MT6580 processor, Android 6.0 Marshmallow Operating System and 1GB RAM. You can answer a call with a double tap and take pictures with a single tap. Temple run paradise and Monster truck Saga Back touch on Hardware are pre-loaded games. Gravity sensor, proximity sensor and light sensor are in-built. Various apps like Amazon shopping, Indus launcher App centre, Music by Gaana, Scandid, Hike, Ixigo cabs, Quikr, Operamini, App bazaar, Snapdeal, Travel, Milive, pre-installed.. Camera and Storage: Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is loaded with 8MP AF rear camera and 8MP front camera. Other camera features include LED flash, digital zoom, autofocus, panorama, night mode. Users can record full HD videos at 1080p. It has an internal storage of 8GB that can be expanded up to 32GB by using a micro-SD card.. Battery and Connectivity: This dual SIM device is equipped with a non-removable 2500mAh Li-ion battery that lets the users enjoy a talk time of up to 10 hours and a standby time of up to 450 hours. Users can enjoy connectivity through 2G, 3G, mobile hotspot, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. It takes in 2 normal SIM cards.. Competition: Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 faces competition from Lenovo Vibe K5. Lenovo Vibe K5 has faster processor, better rear camera and higher battery capacity than Micromax Canvas Selfie 4.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price History. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Android Mobile Phones Price All Mobiles Price In India Phones Between Rs. 10,000 Price Budget Mobile Phones (Low Cost) Price In India Upcoming Mobile Phones Price 5 inch Smartphones Price In India Android Mobile Phones under Rs. 5,000 Price Mobile Phones Under Rs 10000 Price In India Stereo Speakers Mobile Phones Price Sony Xperia 4G Phones Price In India. Itel PowerPro P41 Itel S21 LG phoenix 3 Itel Wish A41 Itel Wish A21 Lenovo Vibe C2. Have you used this product? Write a review of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. If you own Micromax Canvas Selfie 4, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. iPhone Prices in India Increase for the Second Time in 3 Months. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Nokia 7 Plus Images and Specifications Leaked. Similar to Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Talk about Micromax Canvas Selfie 4, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. 5,299 is the Best Price In India for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4, last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
Updated on: 26th February 2018. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price Starts from Rs. 4499 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price in India. 5299 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Details Buy Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 for Rs. 4499 on Amazon.in Lowest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 was obtained on 26 Feb 2018 Latest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 in India was fetched online from Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal, Shopclues, eBay and Tata Cliq. The above listed sellers provide delivery in several cities including New Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Lucknow & more. Features of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Home Mobile Prices. (Roll over image to zoom in). View All 2 Online Stores Set Price Drop Alert. 5 star 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 stars. Screen Size : 5.0 inch Internal Memory : 8 GB RAM : 1 GB Primary Camera : 8 MP Battery Capacity : 2500 mAh OS Version : Android 5.0 (L) Processor Speed : 1.3 Ghz Processor Type : Quad Core Secondary Camera : 8 MP. Features & Score (view all). Product colour / variants Price Sort by Relevancy Price Low-High Price High-Low Store Rating. MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE 4 Q349 Rs. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Champagne, 8 GB)(1 GB RAM). Micromax Selfie 4 Champange Not Available Check Now. MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE 4 Plus Q349 16GB ROM/1GB RAM [Silver]. Not Available Check Now. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Grey, 8 GB)(1 GB RAM). Not Available Check Now. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 (Silver, 8 GB)(1 GB RAM). Not Available Check Now. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 (White & Champangne, 8 GB)(1 GB RAM). Not Available Check Now. Didn't find the right price? Set price drop alert now. We'll notify you as soon as the price drops. The best price for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Price is Rs. The price list was fetched from top online stores in India and was last refreshed on 26 Feb 2018. Average score in this price range. Best score in this price range. Group Rank : #38 out of 168 Mobiles. Overall Rank : #636 out of. based on 0 ratings Reviews Not Available. based on 148 ratings Read 26 Reviews. based on 4 ratings Read 4 Reviews. Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 4 GB Ram. Intex Aqua Dream Lava A97 8 GB With 1 GB RAM iVooMi Me1+ Asus Zenfone C ZC451CG Panasonic T40. Price too high? Get instant price drop alert by Email. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Oops, this product is currently not available.. About Us Contact Us Terms Our Blog. Our Apps: Follow us:. 
The next video is starting stop. Canvas Selfie 4 Full Specification and Features. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2500mAh removable battery. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts two Regular SIMs. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, and Gyroscope.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 REVIEW CHARACTERISTICS GADGET / ОБЗОР ХАРАКТЕРИСТИКА ГАДЖЕТА. MICROMAX CANVAS SELFIE 4 Q349 DUAL SIM Unboxing Video – in Stock at www.welectronics.com. Hands on Review । micromax CANVAS selfie 4 । TactBuzz. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Plus Unboxing. Micromax Canvas Selfie 2 Unboxing And Review. Micromax canvas selfie 3 Q348 Unboxing | Techconfigurations. Micromax Canvas Selfie Review With Camera Samples, Benchmarks, Features, Price, Specs And Details. Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Q348 Review Benchmark Pros and Cons | Techconfigurations. Micromax Mobiles TOP 5 Between 4000 to 10000 in india. Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Plus Unboxing and Review. MIcromax canvas selfie lens | Quick review | camera test | india gadget expo 2015. Micromax Evok Power Fingerprint Sensor Review and Features. Micromax Canvas Selfie Fan Unboxing Video!. Micromax Canvas Selfie Lens Unboxing | Review | Micromax Mobile Features. UNBOXING Micromax Bolt Supreme 4 Plus Q352 [16 GB variant]. [Hindi] | Micromax Canvas Evok Unboxing & First Look. Hands On : Micromax Canvas 4 Plus. Micromax Canvas Selfie 3 Unboxing at Mahesh Telecom. Micromax canvas selfie 4 q349 hard reset done.. How to move apps and games from your phone to SD card for Android Marshmallow Phones or tablets. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
We would like to send you awesome offers!. Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings.. Sorry!! No result found for "OK".Please press enter for search.. If you are a new user. Please refresh the page and try again.. Please refresh the page and try again.. New product price is lower than exchange product price. Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page. Exchange offer is not applicable with this product. Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product. Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option. Your item has been added to Shortlist.. Your Item has been added to Shopping List. Remove below items from the cart. Return form will be sent to your email Id:. Want this item in next 24 hours?. Get an instant SMS with a link to download the Snapdeal App. Please Enter a Valid 10 Digit Number.. Yes, Send Me A Link To The App. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Cover Combo by Matrix. You have reached the maximum number of selection. You can select only upto 4 items to compare.. You have already selected this product.. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Cover Combo by Matrix. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Cover Combo by Matrix. 1,299 [ 54 % OFF]. You selected EMI of for months Change. No Cost EMI of Zero Emi Vendor applied on the product. (6) Offers | Applicable on cart. 10% instant discount on Axis bank Credit and Debit cards. 10% Instant Discount Using HSBC Debit & Credit Cards. 15% Instant Discount Using HSBC Credit Cards on EMI. Get 5% Cashback on All Transactions Using HDFC Bank Rewards Debit Card. Get 5X Reward Points Using HDFC Bank Credit Cards. Get 5% instant discount + 10X rewards using Snapdeal HDFC Bank Credit Card. Item not available at this location, please try another pincode. Standard Delivery in 2-5 days. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Standard Delivery in 2-5 days. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Order & get it delivered in. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. Additional Handling Charges are levied for other expenses incurred while delivering to your location. You can select the delivery speed at checkout. Available for select products & pincodes. Delivery charges include area handling charges & have money back guarantee *. (*Refer FAQs for detailed T&C). (*Refer FAQs for detailed T&C). Delivery charges include area handling charges & have money back guarantee *. Area Based Handling Charges : Rs. We will let you know when in stock. You will be notified when this product will be in stock. Compatible Phone Model:Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. Trustpay: 100% Payment Protection, 7 Days Easy Return policy. Dial *#06# to get your IMEI Number. In case of device support issues, try new Snapdeal App. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Try new Snapdeal App for higher exchange discount. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Compatible Phone Model:Micromax Canvas Selfie 4. 1 Flip Cover, 1 Digital LED Watch, 1 LED Light and 1 OTG Cable. Made from high quality synthetic material, this flip cover will keep your mobile looking as good as new. This flip cover protects your smartphone from scratches and dust. Extremely light in weight, it helps to maintain your phone's sleek look and allows access to the earphone and charging points, and has perfect cutouts for your camera. The LED Watch included with this product is a beautiful, lightweight, shock resistant bracelet watch. Very good for children also, who need to read the digits in bold LED colours, making it easier for them to read the time. This classy and fashionable watch will change the way you look at time. The LED light in this combo can be connected to any device that has a USB port like a laptop, desktop, power banks and charger docks. It is flexible, allowing you to adjust the angle of the LED light. Use this light to read in the dark, and even use it as a front flash for selfies, by connecting this LED light to your mobile with an OTG cable. Now you never need to run towards a light to take selfies in the dark. Now, with this LED light, light up your laptop keyboard, and you will never have to work in the dark again. The OTG Cable in this combo will help you to connect your Smart Phone with your Pendrive, Mouse, and even your Keyboard for faster typing with this OTG Cable. This OTG Cable will enable you to transfer your Pictures, Documents and Files to your Pendrive. You can also connect your card reader to your Smartphone with this OTG Cable.. The images represent actual product though color of the image and product may slightly differ.. Was this information helpful to you?. Thank You for submitting your response.. Expand your business to millions of customers. More Mobile Cover Combos From Matrix. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Cover Combo by Matrix. Got a question? Look no further.. Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.. Download the app and get exciting. app only offers at your fingertips. Please enter a valid email address.. Register now to get updates on promotions and. About Snapdeal – India’s Ultimate Online Shopping Site. Snapdeal’s vision is to create India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem that creates life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. In February 2010, Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, started Snapdeal.com - India’s largest online shopping marketplace, with the widest assortment of 35 million plus products across 800 plus diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, national, and international brands and retailers. With millions of users and more than 300,000 sellers, Snapdeal is the online shopping site for Internet users across the country, delivering to 6000+ cities and towns in India. In its journey till now, Snapdeal has partnered with several global marquee investors and individuals such as SoftBank, BlackRock, Temasek, Foxconn, Alibaba, eBay Inc., Premji Invest, Intel Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Mr. Online Shopping – A Boon The trend of online shopping is becoming a household name and so is Snapdeal. Snapdeal is the preferred choice of hundreds of thousands of online shoppers given its mammoth assortment of 15 million+ products, quick delivery even to the remotest corners of the country, and daily deals, discounts & offers to make products available at slashed down prices to our valuable customers. Get Started! Shop Online Today at Snapdeal If you have been missing out on all the fun of online shopping thinking it requires one to be a technology aficionado then we have good news for you. Shopping online particularly at Snapdeal is a child’s play; all you need is a mobile phone or laptop or tablet with Internet connection to get started. Simply log into Snapdeal.com and browse through the wide assortment of products across categories. Once you have zeroed in on your favorite products, simply place the order by filling in the details; the products will be delivered right at your doorstep. Fulfill Your Entrepreneurial Dreams! Sell Today at Snapdeal Thanks to easy-to-understand, flexible policies and SD Advisors to help sellers at each step, anyone from a manufacturer to wholesaler to retailer can sell on Snapdeal. Begin your entrepreneurial journey with Snapdeal as a seller by filling a simple registration form here. Once the registration process is done, you can start selling your products to the entire country by sitting at your home or office. Doesn't it sound thrilling? Of course, it is and the excitement will build up with every order you receive! Start selling at Snapdeal today and see your business reach staggering heights. Shop on the Go – Install Snapdeal App Today! You can shop for your favourite products at Snapdeal even on the go using Snapdeal App. Available for both Android and Apple users, the app can be downloaded from Google Play Store and Apple App Store respectively. The app is quick, user-friendly, and enables shoppers buy products with a breeze. What's more, get timely notifications on your phone or tablet so that you don't miss amazing deals and offers. Download the app right now and experience how fun it is to shop on your mobile!. Copyright © 2017, Jasper Infotech Private Limited. 
Dell Vostro 5468 Review: Affordable Business cum productivity Laptop. Motorola Moto E4 Review: Raising the standards of the budget smartphones?. Niu N1s Electric Scooter Review: A powerful eco friendly vehicle. Colors S11 Review: The Widening Horizon of Budget Smartphones. Bose Soundlink Micro Review: The Best Portable Bluetooth Speaker for its…. Five Apps Every Girl Should Have in Their Smartphones. Best EBook Reader Apps for the Voracious Bookworms. Instagram rolling out update to notify users if someone screenshots their…. Best Health and Fitness Apps for Healthy Lifestyle. All Buy Guides Tech Guides How to. Top Internet Service Providers (ISP) in Nepal. Five Apps Every Girl Should Have in Their Smartphones. Best EBook Reader Apps for the Voracious Bookworms. Gionee Mobiles Price in Nepal [Updated]. Xiaomi Mobiles Price in Nepal [Updated]. OPPO Mobiles Price in Nepal [Updated]. NTC celebrates 14th Anniversary; announces ‘Namaste Credit’ service. Locus 2018 Overview: Creative Students Showed a Glimpse of a Smart…. Locus 2018: What are the attractions of the largest educational tech…. Kathmandu University Computer Club set to conduct IT Meet 2018. Home Micromax Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 with 8MP front camera Launched in Nepal. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 with 8MP front camera Launched in Nepal. Pashupati Tradelink, the authorised distributor of Micromax Mobiles in Nepal, has launched the Canvas Selfie 4 smartphone for Rs. Since its an affordable handset, it’s specs are really nothing to shout out.. The Canvas Selfie 4 sports a 5-inch HD IPS display, is powered by a 1.3Ghz quad-core processor, has 1GB of RAM, 8GB of storage, microSD card support upto 32GB, and comes equipped with 2500 mAh battery. The USP of the device is its rear and front facing cameras. The rear houses an 8MP camera with LED flash and the front has an 8MP camera. The front camera has a Face Beauty modes which let you enhance facial features & adjust skin tones. The 3G Dual SIM featuring Canvas Selfie 4 runs on the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Connectivity options include WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS.. Moreover, the phone sports a tap Sensor on the back with which users can easily take a picture, swap camera from front to back and vice-versa , and accept a call with a single tap using. Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is available from different offline channels all over the nation. Commenting on the launch, Sumit Sharma, Marketing Manager of Pashupati Tradelink, said:. Selfies are now the most popular type of photos snapped on a smartphone, with over a million selfies taken per day and 48% of that are shared on Facebook alone. With smartphones becoming the first device to capture precious moments with friends and family, a top class camera becomes a must have feature while buying a phone. In line with this, the two new smartphones are designed to deliver fantastic images and equipping the consumers with great beauty editing tools to look glamorous always.. Pashupati Tradelink recently also announced Canvas Spark 2 Plus in Nepal. 8250, the Canvas Spark 2 Plus features a 5-inch FWVGA display,. 1.3 GHz Quad Core processor, 5 MP rear camera, 2 MP Front, 1 GB RAM, 8GB onboard storage, Dual SIM with 3G, microSD card support, Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and 2000 mAh battery.. Previous article Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 with 3GB of RAM Launched in Nepal. Next article Huawei Honor 8 with Kirin 920 CPU, Full metal body Launched. Yural Maskey is an Electronics Engineering graduate and a co-founder of Gadgetbyte Nepal. Besides being a Tech Geek, he is also a die-hard Arsenal fan.. MWC 2018: Huawei Matebook X Pro Laptop with highest Screen to Body Ratio Launched. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus with Dual Aperture Cameras and AR Emojis announced. Daraz Mobile Mania 2018: Deals and Discounts galore on smartphones. Top Smartphones Under 15000 in Nepal. Top Smartphones Under 20000 in Nepal. Top 10 Smartphones Under 30000 in Nepal. Best Phablets in Nepal you can buy right now. Best Smartphones of 2018 to buy in Nepal. © Gadgetbyte Nepal 2013 - 2017. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
Home › Micromax › Canvas Selfie 4 Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, Cores : 2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Micromax Model Canvas Selfie 4 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Colors Gold Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz W-CDMA W-CDMA 900 MHz W-CDMA 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6580 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2500 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 2G stand-by time 450 h (hours) 27000 min (minutes) 18.8 days 3G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 3G stand-by time 450 h (hours) 27000 min (minutes) 18.8 days. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. W-CDMA (Wideband Code Division Multiple Access) is an air interface used by 3G mobile networks. It is one of the three different UMTS interfaces together with the TD-SCDMA and the TD-CDMA. The standard provides faster data transfer speeds and allows more users to connect to the network simultaneously.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Alcatel OneTouch Pop 3 (5.5) 3G. SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Micromax Canvas Selfie Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Micromax is one of India's largest and most popular brands for smartphones as well as other electronics devices. It is famous for providing good value-for-money devices in the budget and mid-range segments.. Micromax has service centres in almost all the cities in India. You can locate the nearest Micromax service Centre through SMS.. Type ASC < space > City Pin code. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Micromax Canvas Selfie details Read more. Superb front camera HD display with Corning Gorilla Glass Sound configuration Sound storage unit. The Micromax Canvas Selfie has been designed for people who are crazy for selfies. Apart from the brilliant 13MP front camera, the smartphone boasts of a crisp and sharp display, powerful configuration and Android KitKat OS. It is available in two unique colours - Angelic White and Mystic Blue.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie flaunts a 4.7-inch IPS LCD multi touch display which offers sharp and rich viewing experience with a resolution of 720 x 1,280 pixels (HD) leading to a pixel density of 312ppi. Covered by Corning Gorilla Glass v3.0, the screen stays out of smudges and scratches.. For driving its processes, the Micromax Canvas Selfie is loaded with a 1.7GHz Tru octa-core processor from MediaTek. Together with a 2GB RAM, the smartphone is designed to offer fast and glitch free performance at everything. It ships with updated Android v4.4 KitKat OS out of the box.. The main USP of the Micromax Canvas Selfie, as the name indicates, it its 13MP front camera inclusive of LED flash. The smartphone also supports a host of software tweaks including Remove Oil, Eye Enhancement, Skin Smoothening and Face Slimming so that the user can edit self portraits and create the best one. The main camera of the phone also captures 13MP stills and supports LED flash and Sony Exmor-R CMOS sensor.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie has been spotted with 16GB of internal memory which can be expanded up to 32GB if needed. Fuelled by a 2,300mAh Li-ion battery, the smartphone has the efficiency to deliver uninterrupted service at least for a day. From networking and connectivity point of view, the device supports 3G, Wi-Fi, USB port, GPS and Bluetooth.. Micromax Canvas Selfie PRICE IN INDIA. Micromax Canvas Selfie price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Micromax Canvas Selfie is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. 1 OFFER Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Available 16 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM Gorilla Glass 3 FM Radio. What makes Micromax Canvas Selfie unique?. The first smartphone from Micromax with 13-megapixel front-facing camera The first smartphone from Micromax with dual-LED flash at the front The best 1 Android Kitkat Micromax phone. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 Android Mobiles Below 5000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 465 RATING(S). 30 Mar 2015 By Holiday Bazaar On flipkart.com. MOST WORST PHONE OF MICROMAX EVER. I have purchased this phone, within a week mobile is not detecting the network, later i went to service centre they told sim card slot is not working, hence need to send to Company, it might take more than 25 days to get it. I sincerely suggest not to waste 15000/- on this mobile.. 13 Jul 2016 By piyush verma On 91mobiles.com. amazing phones in very low budget. 7 - 11 K Phones all phones. 4G: Not Available, 3G: Available, 2G: Available. 4.7 inches (11.94 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Corning Gorilla Glass v3 Touch Screen. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 1.7 GHz, Cortex A7. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 1.7 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6592. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6735. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8953 Pro Snapdragon 626. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. 4128 x 3096 Pixels Shooting Modes. High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Up to 8.5 Hours(2G) Standby time. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Micromax Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.7 inches. Higher battery capacity: 2500 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 312 ppi. Octa core 1.7 GHz RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 1063 people viewed together 4521 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 13 MP. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.7 inches. Higher battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Octa core 1.7 GHz. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 788 people compared together. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 2 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lower pixel density: 196 ppi vs 312 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 8 GB vs 16 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 2 MP vs 13 MP. I don't want to see this. Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) 16GB. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.7 inches. Quad core 1.2 GHz vs Octa core 1.7 GHz. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 2 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 758 people compared together. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lower battery capacity: 2070 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 312 ppi. Lower secondary camera resolution: 2 MP vs 13 MP. Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) 16GB. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.7 inches. Higher battery capacity: 2500 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Octa core 1.7 GHz. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 278 people viewed together 136 people compared together. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 2 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 312 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 8 GB vs 16 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.7 inches. Higher battery capacity: 2800 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Octa core 1.7 GHz. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 580 people viewed together 209 people compared together. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 2 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 312 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 8 GB vs 16 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 13 MP. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.7 inches. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 312 ppi. Octa core 1.7 GHz RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 325 people viewed together 186 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 13 MP. View all FAQs about Micromax Canvas Selfie. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. What are the cons of micromax canvas A255. Answered by Jaigopal Rajan | 10 months ago. Micromax Canvas Selfie A255 Cons:. People who viewed Micromax Canvas Selfie also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
» Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 - 8GB (White Champagne). Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 - 8GB (White Champagne). 0 out of 5 in. 1GB RAM | 8GB ROM | Expandable Up to 32GB. 2500 mAh Battery 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty. We have already sent a link to download our App!. This product can be purchased using our Android application only using HDFC Payzapp application as the paymode. Please enter your mobile number in the box below and we will send you the app download link. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Gold, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory). 6.0 inches Super AMOLED Display 6GB RAM | 64GB ROM | Expandable Upto 256GB 16MP Rear Camera| 16MP + 8MP Front Camera (2.2 GHz Dual + 1.6 GHz Hexa) Octa-core Processor Android v7.1 (Nougat) OS 3500 mAh Battery 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty. About Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 - 8GB (White Champagne). Product Summary of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 - 8GB (White Champagne). User Reviews of Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 Q349 - 8GB (White Champagne). The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4, as the name suggests is a smartphone targeted mostly to the selfie loving users. Although it runs on latest version of Android OS (Marshmallow) most of its other features seems primitive with most smartphones offering much better specs in this price range. Go for it if you are tight on budget and looking to buy a selfie-centric phone.. The Canvas Selfie 4 packs an 8MP main camera along with LED flash. It is also equipped with an equally powerful 5MP front camera. As a selfie centric phone its front camera not only offers a good resolution but also comes with an LED flash enabling us to click good quality selfies even in low light or dark environment.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 displays a 5 inch IPS LCD screen with HD resolution (1280 x 720 pixels) retaining pixel density of 294 ppi. This provides the smartphone a good clarity and sharpness along with wide viewing angles.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 is armed with 1.3 GHz quad-core processor for handling all the operations. The smartphone ships with Android v6.0 Marshmallow preloaded with a number of essential apps. It is accompanied by 1GB RAM which takes care of multitasking. The smartphone houses 8GB space for internal storage which can be expanded up to 32 GB expandable memory.. The device also features a 'Tap Sensor' on the rear that allows users to click picture, swap camera from front to back and vice-versa with just a tap.. The device is fuelled by removable 2,500 mAh li-ion battery.. The Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 comes with a wide range of connectivity options like dual SIM, 3G, Wi-Fi with hotspot, Bluetooth v4.0, microUSB 2.0 and GPS.. Handset, Charger, USB Cable, User Guide, Warranty Card. How do you rate this product *. Be the First one to Rate this product.. How do I write meaningful reviews?. Write only about product features, specifications, looks, usages, pros and cons etc. Minimum review length should be 10 words so the review looks meaningful. Please don't copy reviews from other sites. For service related queries, complaint, request or suggestions, please Write Here .. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory). LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory). Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory). Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display). Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display). Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory). InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera). Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB). Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB). Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB). Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory). Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB). Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB). Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver). Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB). Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory). Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory). Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory). Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display).. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory). Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy. Moto E4 Plus 32GB (Iron Gray, 3GB RAM). Lenovo K8 Note 64GB (Black, 4GB RAM). Coolpad Mega 3 Triple Sim - 16GB (Grey). Moto C (Starry Black, 1GB RAM) (16GB ROM). Apple iPhone 6 - 32GB (Space Grey). Samsung On5 Pro (Gold, 2GB RAM). Honor 7X 32GB ROM (Black, 4GB RAM). Redmi Y1 32GB (Gold, 3GB RAM). Redmi Y1 Lite 16GB (Gold, 2GB RAM). Redmi 4 (Gold, 32GB) (3GB RAM). Honor 8 Pro (Blue, 6GB RAM). Micromax Canvas Infinity 32GB (Black, 3GB RAM). LG Q6 32GB (Platinum, 3GB RAM). BlackBerry KEYone 64GB (Black, 4GB RAM). Honor View 10 128GB (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM). Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) (3GB RAM). BlackBerry KEYone 64GB (Black, 4GB RAM). Vivo V7 32GB (Champagne Gold, 4GB RAM). Honor 9i 64GB (Blue, 4GB RAM). Honor 7X 32GB ROM (Blue, 4GB RAM). Moto G5S Plus 64GB (Lunar Grey, 4GB RAM). Honor 7X 32GB ROM (Blue, 4GB RAM). Coolpad Note 5 Lite C 16GB (Dark Grey, 2GB RAM). LG V30 Plus 128GB (Black, 4GB RAM). Karbonn A40 Indian 8GB (Champagne, 1GB RAM). Gionee X1S 16GB (Gold, 3GB RAM). Intex Aqua Style 3 16GB (Black, 1GB RAM). Intex IT-PB10K 10000 mAh Power Bank (White). Zebronics ZEB-FIT100 Smart Fitness Band (Grey). Samsung EO-HS130DGEGIN Stereo Dynamic Wired Headphones In the Ear (Green). Ambrane Plush PP-1100 10000 mAh Power Bank (Gold). Intex PB-P10K 10000 mAh Power Bank (Blue). Samsung EO-HS130DPEGIN Stereo Dynamic Headphone Wired Headphones In the Ear (Pink). PNY Power Bank 8000 mAh PC-L8021W (White). Nokia 105 Dual SIM (2017) - Blue. Nokia 105 Single SIM (2017) - Black. Karbonn K Flip Dual SIM (Gold). Nokia 3310 Dual SIM (Matte Grey). Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. We never post on your behalf. Don’t have an Account? Register. Already have an Account? Login. Already have an Account? Login. How do you rate this product *. 
Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 - user opinions and reviews. Oronno Chy, 22 Apr 2017 What's the highest video recording resolution of front camera of this Canvas Selfie 4? Does it... maku puri, 06 Jan 2017 some apps are not working properly like edjing..etc..i.m not happy Edjing dj maker is not working in any phone of v6.0. What's the highest video recording resolution of front camera of this Canvas Selfie 4? Does it support 1080 or 720p by front cam?. i impress and this is my first time with using mobile. i am happy and wish you mobile maker thank you micromax. some apps are not working properly like edjing..etc..i.m not happy. i am not happy with this internal storage. where the hell is occupied this internal storage.. is very good and also RAM. it is large size phone it is superb. I just this phone and first impression is very good. Camera quality is also good even front.. my friend had been taking this phone.,.,this phone is very good while taking some selfies.,.,.,and playing games.,.,..alt. i am very happy for using this phone. camera clearity is very good even front camera.. I am planning to buy, pl some one tell me how is the speed???, being only 1Gb ram... Plz don't buy this phone,,,,,,,,,Not well Gallery..viw so. Arius, 02 Aug 2016 Plz about me canvas silfe 4 camera.! Give me answear? Its Awesom bro ;im using it..camera quality of front and back was awseome ..display us vivid and sharp. Plz about me canvas silfe 4 camera.! Give me answear?. Do not buy as its music player as well as video player as not nice. need at least 2gb ram :/. Total of 20 user reviews and opinions for Micromax Canvas Selfie 4 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Micromax Canvas Infinity Micromax Canvas Infinity Pro Micromax A106 Unite 2 Micromax Canvas Spark Q380 Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus Q350 Micromax Canvas 2 Q4310. 
