GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). GSM 850 / 1900 - XT1644 (USA). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - XT1644 (USA), XT1644 (India). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - XT1644 (Europe). LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700), 40(2300) - XT1644 (Europe). LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 25(1900), 26(850), 41(2500) - XT1644 (USA). LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 8(900), 40(2300) - XT1644 (India). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm (6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.2 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) - single & dual SIM models. 64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 16 MP, f/2.0, phase detection & laser autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Basemark OS II: 951 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 799 Basemark X: 6380. Contrast ratio: 1435 (nominal), 2.582 (sunlight). Voice 64dB / Noise 70dB / Ring 73dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto G4 Plus - user opinions and reviews. Enormous ghost touch problem and no solution or responsibility from motorola.Damn. Pure stock android experience with smooth performance and good battery life ,signal reception is excellent (far better than my iphone 6),screen quality is fine white balance is same like my friend'.... Worst of the worst phone i have ever bought in my life.Didnt last 6 months without screen flickering and cant make calls or the phone auto dials and makes calls on its own.dont buy this phone.you will regret!!!. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto X Play. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus review:. A minor step up, but not the best deal. Motorola Moto G4 Plus (64GB, black). Motorola Moto G4 Plus (16GB, white). Motorola Moto G4 Plus (64GB, white). Motorola Moto G4 Plus (16GB, black). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good In addition to retaining its sibling's water-resistant body and full HD screen, the Moto G4 Plus adds a fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and you can select more storage and memory.. The Bad That fingerprint scanner confusingly looks like a home button, and the lack of NFC means you can't use the phone for contactless payments.. The Bottom Line The Moto G4 Plus adds a fingerprint sensor and slightly better camera to the mix, but its cheaper sibling is still the better deal.. What's the price difference? What's different between the G4 and G4 Plus?. Do I need the G4 Plus's 16-megapixel camera?. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus and Moto G4 are extremely similar Android phones that perform far better than you'd expect for the price. In fact, these fourth-generation entries in the Moto G line effectively redefine value in the smartphone realm, moving from merely "good enough" to "amazingly good for the money.". Both phones offer a bevy of solid features, including 5.5-inch full HD screens, capable octa-core processors and decent 3,000mAh batteries, including some notable niceties -- expandable storage and water-resistant bodies -- not found on current iPhone models that retail for three times as much.. The Moto G4 Plus edges ahead in the specs race with a fingerprint sensor and a better camera. Unfortunately, though, it doesn't include NFC compatibility for Android Pay purchases at real-world retailers.. For that reason, we're more inclined to stick with the base G4 model, which costs just $199 or £169 at its base configuration. But if you value scanning your finger to unlock and zooming in to photos for more detail, the Plus may well be worth the modest price increase -- an extra $50 or £30.. Read our full review of the Moto G4 for details on both phones, or continue here for a quick overview on the primary differences between the two models.. Editors' note (July 6, 2016): This review has been corrected to reflect that the G4 Plus does not offer NFC or Android Pay, and that we recommend the cheaper Moto G4 as the better overall buy.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus tops the G4 with a fingerprint scanner. Motorola doesn't make it easy to give a direct comparison between the US and UK markets. That's because the phone is available in slightly different configurations at retailers (like Amazon) and the company's own Moto Maker site (where you can configure customised versions). But the bottom line is that both phones have amazingly low starting prices for what you're getting.. The base 16GB G4 is $199 or £169. Adding $30 or £30 gets you a 32GB version at Motorola's website. (For the equivalent price in Australian dollars, please see the spec chart at the end of this review.). The base 16GB version of the G4 Plus starts at $249 or £199. For £30 more (£229), those in the UK can get a 32GB version (not currently available in the US). The Plus tops out at $299 or £264 for 64GB, which also doubles the on-board RAM to 4GB from 2.. The bottom line is that the Plus adds a couple of "nice to have" features, especially if you prefer to unlock the phone with your fingerprint or like to zoom in to your photos for greater detail. But the lack of NFC and full Android Pay features makes us inclined to stick with the baseline G4 model.. It boils down to two main things. The G4 Plus has a larger, 16-megapixel (versus 13MP) camera and a fingerprint scanner that unlocks the phone. What the Plus also allows you to do is spec up the internal storage capacity up to 64GB, which also snags you double the RAM (4GB in total).. If the fingerprint scanner had worked with point of sale Android Pay, the G4 Plus would be an easy recommendation over its less expensive twin. But its lack of NFC means you won't be paying for cabs and Chicken McNuggets at the register.. One other problem with the fingerprint sensor is that it looks like a home button and I regularly found myself pressing it to leave an app -- which does nothing, as it purely functions as a scanner.. More resolution means more pixels are crammed into the image, so fine details on shots taken with the Plus's 16-megapixel sensor look sharper. Take a look at the comparison image below to see what that really does to an image.. Moto G4 Vs Moto G4 Plus camera resolution comparison (click to see full size). More pixels don't always make better-looking photos, though. Both phones can capture lovely scenes and are well equipped for your summer snaps. The resolution is only a benefit if you want to zoom in on details, or display them at full screen on a monitor. If you mostly look at your shots on the phone or on Instagram, the extra resolution matters less.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (38). Click to read the full review. Based on 3 User reviews. Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The Moto G4 Plus is the most capable smartphone in the G series. On the outside it looks a lot like the Moto G4, and the same SoC delivers processing power. At the back, however, a better camera snaps 16MP photos with fast focusing speed. And below the screen, a fingerprint scanner makes unlocking the phone convenient. As the G4, The Moto G4 Plus can be customized via Moto Maker in select markets. A near-stock Android 6.0 build help with keeping things running smoothly.. Moto G4 and G4 Plus Review Motorola Moto G4 Plus manual Motorola Moto G4 Plus benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 inches (153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm). Weight: 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Plastic; Accents: Metal. Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Phase detection, Laser). Software Features: Manual focus, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 17 May 2016. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto G4 Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Save 40% on the Moto Z Play at B&H; other Moto models are also on sale. Deal: Save $100 when you buy the unlocked Moto G4 Plus (16GB and 64GB models) at B&H. Motorola reversal: Moto G4 Plus to get updated to Android 8.0. If Google Play Protect messed up Bluetooth on your Android phone, here is a quick fix. Deal: Unlocked Moto G4 Plus 64GB is heavily discounted (40% off) at B&H. Save $40 (15%) on the 64GB Moto G4 Plus from B&H, free photo/video kit included. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto G4 vs Motorola Moto G4 Plus Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (7.0, 6.0) Android (7.0, 6.0). Dimensions 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 inches (153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm) 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 inches (153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm). Weight 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Accents: Metal Main body: Plastic; Accents: Metal. Features Interchangeable covers Fingerprint (touch), Interchangeable covers. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus Autofocus (Phase detection, Laser). Software Features Digital zoom, Geo tagging Manual focus, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps) 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing Digital image stabilization, Video calling. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 5 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 8952 Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 8952. Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. 2 GB RAM 4 GB RAM. up to 128 GB up to 128 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring Wireless screen share Wireless screen share. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 25, 26 Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26. LTE (TDD) Bands 41 Bands 41. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: IHDT56VA5 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $138 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto G4 Plus - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Waterproof Bag. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Mighty Dual Layer Rugged Case, Black. Durable case prevents dents, bumps and scratches. Built-in kickstand for a hands-free viewing experience. Eye-catching design gives your phone personality. Precision cutouts for camera, speaker and ports. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Bolt Heavy-Duty Rugged Case, Holster and Screen Combo, Gray/Black. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Flexible, precision-molded silicone and rigid polycarbonate. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Your Local Store Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order Help. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Smartphone (Unlocked), Black. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 3 reviews 3 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 5.5" touchscreen Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) OS 16MP camera. Tell us if something is incorrect. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Tell us if something is incorrect. 5.5" touchscreen Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) OS 16MP camera. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. I bought this phone for my girlfiend a few months ago. It does everything she needs a phone to do. It is unlocked and will work in any plan you want to use, GSM and CDMA. Good luck to you trying to find a better phone for the cost. She had a Samsung S3 and doesn't miss it at all.. Yes (10) No (2) Report. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Great unlocked phone, a good value for money and excellent battery life.. Yes (22) No (6) Report. 1-3 of 3 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283796742, DC-prod-dfw5, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto G4 Plus. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto G4 Plus smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 401 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto G4 Plus price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto G4 Plus packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.00 x 76.60 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 155.00 grams. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Sleek design and good build Vivid display Strong battery life Near-stock version of Android Improved camera app Bad No NFC Low-light camera performance is average. Read detailed Motorola Moto G4 Plus review. Moto G4 Plus to Receive Android 8.0 Oreo Update After All, Company Clarifies 'Miscommunication'. Moto Reveals Which Smartphones Will Get Android 8.0 Oreo, Moto G4 Missing From List. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update in India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Price in India Moto G4 Plus (White, 16GB) Rs. 9,125 Moto G4 Plus (Black, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. 10,599 Moto G4 Plus (White, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. 11,300 Moto G4 Plus (Black, 16GB) Rs. 11,999 Moto G Plus 4th Gen (Black, 32 GB)(3 GB RAM) Rs. 12,399 Moto G4 Plus (White, 32GB) Rs. 12,790 Moto G4 Plus (Black, 16 GB) Rs. 13,550 Moto G4 Plus (Black, 32 GB)(3 GB RAM) Rs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus detailed specifications. Alternate names XT1643 Release date May 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 153.00 x 76.60 x 7.90 Weight (g) 155.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Black, White SAR value 1.09. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 401. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. 2.4 Out of 5. 5 Star 12 4 Star 4 3 Star 4 2 Star 3 1 Star 28. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 42 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. It is very good perfomance moto g4 plus I like this phone verymuch. By Siliya Sillu | 3 Sep 2016. I bought this phone in August 13 it is very nice phone and good performance this phn is not hang very fast movement I love moto g4 plus. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Sarat Nadiminti | 26 May 2016. But due to flat back its not handy if we compare with moto x play( using since 5 month Moto x play)... Camera Quality is awesome moto g4. Nice i will give raing out of 10 is 8. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. By baljot singh | 29 Nov 2017. moto g4 plus is the worst phone i have ever used please don't buy this crap. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Qutbuddin Hnw | 26 Apr 2017. I have bought this phone in jan 2017 I have the problem of getting the phone automatically on bibrate mode I had given 2 times in there service center I guess the service center is also dumb still the same problem. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By deep | 19 Apr 2017. not able to use phone outside due to ghost touch.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Moto G4 Plus to Receive Android 8.0 Oreo Update After All, Company Clarifies 'Miscommunication'. Moto Reveals Which Smartphones Will Get Android 8.0 Oreo, Moto G4 Missing From List. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update in India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Android 7.0 Nougat Update Starts Rolling Out. Moto G4 Plus: Features and Specifications Compared. Moto G4 vs Moto G4 Plus vs Moto G (Gen 3): What's the Difference?. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs Moto G4 Plus vs Lenovo Zuk Z1: Which is the Best?. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Launched in India: Price, Specifications, and More. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 vs. Oneplus One Lenovo Vibe K5 Note vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Lenovo Vibe K4 Note vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Motorola Moto G5 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Htc Desire 828 Dual Sim vs. Htc Desire 820 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy On Nxt vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime 4g Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Prime Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. LG Google Nexus 5x vs. Motorola Moto X Gen 2 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto G4 Plus in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp. FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour. >> Free Shipping on most orders over $49. Specials & Rebates See All Specials >. 1 of Deals Today. Enjoy Extended Returns thru Feb 1, 2018!. You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017.. All other standard return policy. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Moto G Plus XT1644 4th Gen. Moto G Plus XT1644 4th Gen. This item appears on a featured B&H industry insider's Spotlight Wish List. This item pops up most often on B&H customer Wish Lists. This item has been gifted most often by B&H customers.. Take advantage while the savings lasts!. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Place your order by 4pm and your order will ship the same day. For further details see delivery estimates in cart. International orders are processed the next shipping day.. GSM + CDMA / 4G LTE Capable. Compatible with All Major US Carriers. Rear 16MP Camera + 5MP Front. 1.5 GHz Snapdragon 617 Octa-Core CPU. 64GB Storage Capacity + 4GB RAM. This device is Carrier-unlocked and can be used on GSM and CDMA networks. It will work on any GSM carrier that utilizes cellular frequencies or bands that this device supports. It is also compatible with select CDMA carriers. However, activation may not be supported on all compatible CDMA networks. If you plan to use a CDMA carrier, please confirm that this device can be activated on their network prior to purchase. A SIM card and service plan must be purchased separately. This device's frequencies can be found in the product Specifications under Cellular Network. Your carrier's available frequencies may be found in the links below. North American Carriers South American Carriers Worldwide Carriers. $0.00 Tax Collected Outside NY and NJ. B&H only collects sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in the States of New York and New Jersey. You may be responsible for state and local sales/use taxes when filing your tax returns. Please check your local sales tax laws.. Why Buy an Unlocked Phone: A Primer. Experience the next generation of dynamic handheld performance with the black 4th Gen. Moto G Plus XT1644 from Motorola. This smartphone is powered by a 1.5 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor and 4GB of dedicated RAM. It comes equipped with 64GB of storage and includes a microSD slot that supports microSDXC cards with up to 128GB of memory for additional storage capacity. The integrated micro-USB interface allows you to connect the device for mass-storage purposes and also serves as a charging port. The Moto G Plus houses a 5.5" LCD touchscreen display, which features a 1920 x 1080 resolution that fully supports all your HD content. For your photo and video needs, the G Plus features two powerful cameras: a rear-facing 16MP lens with laser and phase detect auto-focus, color balancing dual-LED flash, auto HDR, 1080p video capture, and several other enhancements built-in. A front-facing 5MP wide-angle lens is built-in as well. The Moto G Plus is also well-equipped for wireless communication. It features Bluetooth 4.1 + LE (Smart Ready) technology for pairing with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, and 802.11a/b/g/n Wi-Fi for high-speed Internet connectivity. GPS with GLONASS is also on-board for using compatible location services and applications. The Moto G Plus's 3000mAh battery is designed to provide "All Day" mixed usage on a full charge, and thanks to TurboPower technology, it can provide up to 6 hours of power from only 15 minutes of charging. For added convenience and security, the Moto G Plus features a fingerprint sensor that can accurately read your finger regardless of how you're holding it. Note: The XT1644 is the North American Variant of the Moto G Plus. It will run on any GSM network that uses cell frequencies supported by the device, including AT&T and T-Mobile. It will also work with certain CDMA carriers, such as Verizon and Sprint. Current Verizon SIM cards can be transferred to the new device, though the carrier may limit the purchase of new SIM cards for unlocked phones. Since this device is unlocked, functionality for certain carrier-specific features cannot be guaranteed. Please confirm with your carrier that it supports the Moto G Plus before purchasing.. GSM + CDMA / 4G LTE Wireless Connectivity. This phone is designed to work on select GSM and CDMA networks and is 4G LTE capable. LTE is an advanced cellular network data protocol capable of data speeds so fast that they compete with wired broadband Internet providers. With an LTE connection, this phone should have no problem streaming HD video, downloading apps, uploading photos, or anything else that requires a high-speed data connection. The phone is also backwards compatible with 3G and 2G data for instances when you can't get LTE. In addition to cellular wireless, this phone also features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity.. North American Variant / US Compatible LTE. The XT1644 is a US variant of the Moto G Plus. The XT1644's LTE radio is tuned to frequencies that are most often used in the United States and North America. It can also be used in other parts of the world; however, LTE access may be limited or unsupported, depending on the network. To ensure this phone will work with your carrier please check to make sure the frequencies your carrier uses are supported by this phone. The full list of compatible carrier frequencies can be found here , the frequencies this phone supports can be found in the product specs.. The Moto G Plus is designed to last a full day and then some. With a 3000mAh battery, you can go about your day and not worry about battery life. Go to school or work, visit with friends, and then head out for the evening - you'll still have enough juice to get home. Plus, the Moto G Plus is equipped with TurboPower technology, which is designed to give you 6 hours of usage after just 15 minutes of charging.. Advanced nano-coating technology creates a water repellent barrier to help protect against moderate exposure to water, such as accidental spills, splashes, or light rain.. The Android operating system integrates heavily with Google's services. Using the card-based Google Now, Android quickly surfaces information for you whenever you need it, powered by the same Knowledge Engine that runs Google's web search. It's a personalized and customizable OS, allowing you to add your favorite apps or widgets to your homescreen. You can even download new themes using the Google Play Store, which offers access to more than one million apps, games, books, music, movies, and more. Android 6.0 Marshmallow overhauls permissions, allowing you to have finer control over what your applications have access to. It also marks the debut of Now on Tap, a context-sensitive update to Google Now that checks your current screen for keywords and then searches for them automatically. Other performance and security enhancements are included as well.. Moto G Plus XT1644 4th Gen. The Camera Phone is 20 Years Old!. What Smartphones Should I Consider If I Care About Security?. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 25, 26, 41. MP / Video: 1920 x 1080p. Ambient light sensor, Fingerprint, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer. Dimensions (W x H x D). Moto G Plus XT1644 4th Gen. 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black) Reviews - page 2 vqzvrdywsuxaawwa. Moto G Plus XT1644 4th Gen. 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black) is rated. Rated 5 out of. I like the shape of the phone, it does not come with loads of apps, seems to have unlimited external storage, haves good sound through the speaker and head phones, good battery life, and probably more that I can't think off the top of my head. I am pleased with this phone. Now I just have to hope nothing bad happens to it after my positive review. Whenever I buy a phone, I always make sure to buy a screen protector and case right away. That should be an idea to future customers.. Rated 4 out of. High end smartphone and yet inexpensive. Been using this phone for a few weeks now. Used to have a OPO and needed to replace it after that got damaged in an accident. I use T-Mobile as my carrier, but did not want to pay top $$ for the t-mobile branded phones which are more than two times as expensive for the same set of features. The only feature that is lacking on this (compared to t-mobile banded phones) is the lack of support for band 12. Based on where I live and my usage patterns, this has not been an issue for me, but your milage may vary on tis aspect. To be clear,this is not a Motorola limitation (same applies to one plus three too), but incompatibility with the VoLTE protocol that is T-Mo specific. I like the stock android phone with no bloatware. The only add-ons I noticed were the Moto gestures wihch I find to be really useful.. Rated 4 out of. Liked the price, but miss a couple features. I liked being able to upgrade my phone independent of my phone company (for about 1/2 the price they wanted to charge); however, this phone is missing two features I liked: NFC and a Compass. Near Field Communications is the feature I miss most because now I can't: charge on a wireless charging pad or transfer files from phone-to-phone easily (as in migrate my data). I miss the compass because I used Google Sky and Celestron apps to view the night sky and now the app can't detect the orientation of my phone and I have to manually adjust the sky. None of the missing features are deal breakers -- I still like the phone. I have more than double the memory and speed of my old phone (Motorola Droid MAXX), but I will be a little more cautious on checking EVERY feature between my old and new phones next time.. Rated 5 out of. I wanted to get as close to the performance of an $800 phone as I could for as little $$ as possible. My research turned up this Moto G4 Plus phone and I have been very happy with it so far (approx 2 weeks). Thanks to my Google account, it was very easy to set up/configure out of the box. It responds very quickly to your commands, has a nice camera, display screen, and the finger print reader is also very quick and easy to use.. Rated 1 out of. Looks good but lets you down. The phone is prone to ghost touch (look it up) and this got to a point that I couldn't use the device because it was doing its own thing. It even changed my network setting (by itself) and this is dangerous because you are unaware of it. Imagine needing your phone in a hurry and you can't figure out why it's not on the network. This device is not fit for purpose. Suggest you thoroughly research it and verify my concerns online for yourself.. Rated 1 out of. Has potential, but not quite there. I have to give this phone 1 star because of one major problem. I purchased the phone new and within the first month the bluetooth stopped connecting to everything. I contacted motorola for a replacement and the rep advised me that this is a common problem for all 4th generation moto g phones. Motorola did attempt to correct the issue by overnighting me a replacement. Well the replacement came and the bluetooth does not work. The device can't be discovered and can not discover any other devices. I purchased 2 of these 1 for me and 1 for my wife and her device can connect via bluetooth, but will not produce audio. 3 devices in less than 2 months and bluetooth has failed on all of them. This really sucks because outside of that this is a pretty nice phone.. Rated 5 out of. Quality phone at a low price. Moto G4 Plus is a great product with premium quality and performance but at a competitive price. After playing with iPhones and Samsung phones, I ordered one G4 Plus from BH Photo. After using it for three days, I ordered two more for the family. The phone is probably more than adequate for the majority of users. It technically works on all the US carriers (probably most abroad carriers), as long as a carrier allows such an unlocked phone to be used per the policy. It has a FM radio that most smartphones do not offer. Nearly all the current smartphones have FM radio function integrated on the chip but the radio function is disabled by the makers/carriers, as the carriers want people use more data plans. The microSD slot is useful when a large storage space is needed. The phone is NOT loaded with garage apps as those from carriers. It does NOT have the ghost touch issues flowing on the internet. Principles of desktop/laptop computers apply to smartphones, too. Heat dissipation is a big issue for smartphones due to its compact design and is worse if a rubber protection case is used. Advantages of core processors with high clock frequencies usually stay on paper, as a higher clock frequency produces more heat. High screen resolution or pixel density is only good on paper, too, but consumes more power. The hardware and software system design as a whole is more important in the real life performance which is difficult to evaluate. The 4 GB RAM is adequate for current Android which probably cannot use more than 4GB. iOS is more efficient in memory management and needs less RAM at the same performance. An Android smartphone needs an antivirus app. A phone will drop onto ground sooner or later. A protection case together with an integrated or separated front protector is necessary. With a case, the phone appearance is determined by the case, not the phone.. Rated 5 out of. I have always purchased flagships but they are getting very pricey and I am accident prone so I decided to go for something in a lower price range. I have been very happy with this phone for my first month. All my normal apps have run fine on it though load times are slightly longer. I watch streaming video regularly without any issue. I have not had any issue with screen quality, even finding the brightest settings beyond what I need even in sunlight. Front facing speaker is a plus, could be louder but much better than my previous phones rear facing speaker. Not a flagship phone but for the price an excellent value.. Be the first to review this item. See any errors on this page?. Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.. Shipping Free Expedited Shipping for most orders over $49. Returns Shop With Confidence Easy 30-Day Return Policy. Gift Cards The Gift that Never Expires. Event Space Expert B&H Events and Presentations. Browse our Winter 2018 Interactive Catalog. Sign up for B&H news and special offers. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. The email address you entered was an invalid email.. Speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more.. Enjoy the B&H mobile shopping experience. Norton Secured - Powered by Symantec vqzvrdywsuxaawwa. © 2000-2018 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 420 9th Ave, New York, NY 10001. We close every Friday evening to Saturday evening for Shabbos.. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms NYC DCA Lic.: Elec. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). CDMA 800 / 1900 - XT1625. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - XT1622. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - XT1625. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100 - XT1624. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700), 40(2300) - XT1622. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 25(1900), 26(850), 41(2500) - XT1625. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 8(900), 40(2300) - XT1624. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm (6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.2 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Contrast ratio: 1560 (nominal), 2.544 (sunlight). Voice 64dB / Noise 70dB / Ring 72dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto G4 - user opinions and reviews. I love the Motorola G phone. What I hate the most since the last update is how easy it is to pocket dial the thing! I have recently it locked with pin, yet it can pocket dial, write sms, post messages, etc, whilst carrying in my .... Is the display calibration compromised on moto g4 after installing nougat update?. have it for almost 2years no problem up until the last update. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto G4 Plus Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. Motorola Moto G4 Plus (32 GB). 7.9 Expert Score 3.4 52035 Ratings 58 Questions & Answers. Moto G4 Plus runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. The smartphone has a 5.5-inch Full HD display. The latest variants of this mobile are. and Moto G5S Plus. It has a 16 MP rear camera with a dual-tone LED flash and a 5 MP front facing camera. The device is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 617 processor and 3GB RAM. It has 32GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, NFC and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a Li-Ion 3,000 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 11,300. Key Specifications Snapdragon 617 processor 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage 3000 mAh battery 16 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro SIM) Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow). Motorola Moto G4 Plus Price in India. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto G4 Plus is at Amazon, which is 18% less than the cost of Moto G4 Plus at Tatacliq (Rs. This phone is available in 16 GB, 32 GB storage variants.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 32GB: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff Fast performance with Snapdragon 617 processor Dual 4G LTE SIM card slots Best in class 16MP rear-facing camera with Laser and Phase detection auto focus Auto HDR on front and rear camera Front camera display flash Full HD display with Gorilla Glass 4 protection Fast fingerprint scanner 3GB RAM and 32GB internal storage Bad Stuff Average battery life No WiFi ac Water resistance has no rating Boring design. Bloat free and fast stock Android user interface Best in class rear camera. TurboPower charging to get 6 hours of power in 15 minutes Two years of free storage on Google photos to store photos at original quality Water repellent nano-coating One of the fastest Android OS updates. The Moto G4 Plus is a slightly upgraded variant of the Moto G4. The smartphone differs from the Moto G4 in a number of terms. The device has a solid build quality, the texture on the back of the device gives it a grippy feel. The device weighs 155 grams and measures 153 x 76.6 x 9.8mm. It is available in White and Black variant.. On its front, there is a 5.5-inch full-HD display which has the capability to reproduce crisp and vibrant images. The screen on the Moto G4 Plus is also coupled with awesome viewing angles. Users can expect to indulge themselves in a unique visual experience while viewing videos or playing games on the big screen. The display has Gorilla Glass 3 protection on top. The Moto G4 Plus comes with a 16-megapixel rear-facing camera as opposed to the 13-megapixel on the Moto G4. It is aided by hybrid autofocus technology, that consists of laser autofocus as well as phase detection autofocus, it helps focusing faster on the subject. The camera also features professional mode that allows you to use manual controls like ISO, manual focus and metering mode. Also to help low-light photography there is dual-tone LED flash. The image quality turns out to be the best in the smartphones of its price range. However, on the front, there is the same 5-megapixel front-facing camera with the OmniVision OV5693 sensor coupled with display flash to help in dark conditions. Both the cameras features auto HDR for a hassle free wider dynamic range, that helps to gain accurate colours under tricky conditions.. The device comes loaded with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, there are no customisations performed to change the look of the stock Android OS. The Moto G4 Plus is one of the most optimised device in the software section, that can be found in smartphone market. The Moto G4 Plus is powered by a 64-bit octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 chipset housing a quad-core Cortex-A53 clocked at 1.5GHz & quad-core Cortex-A53 clocked at 1.2GHz. The graphics department is handled by Adreno 405 GPU which can handle gaming at ease. The device is meant to eke out seamless performance. The smooth sailing is paired with lag-free multitasking courtesy of 3GB LPDDR3 RAM. For storing files like music, apps, videos and images there is 32GB of onboard storage space which as per user requirement can further be expanded via a micro SD card.. There are a host of connectivity options on the Moto G4 Plus that helps you remain connected. Connectivity options include dual-SIM card option (4G+3G), Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, NFC, GPS, GLONASS, BDS, Bluetooth 4.2 and a microUSB 2.0 port.. Similar to the Moto G4, the Moto G4 Plus is fuelled by a non-removable 3,000 mAh Li-Ion battery, that performs well under day to day condition, for an average user it can get through the day with moderate usage.. The Moto G4 Plus is a minor upgrade to the Moto G4 in terms of specs. The only notable difference is the presence of a fingerprint sensor that can be used to unlock the device.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Specifications Display Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Display Type IPS LCD Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 401 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Screen to body percentage 71.2% Design and Build Dimensions 6.0 x 3.0 x 0.3 inches Weight 155 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash No Primary 16 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video 1080p(HD)@30fps Storage Internal 32GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 256GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3000 mAh Turbo Charge Yes Connectivity Wi-Fi Yes with Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 617 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 1.5 GHz (Quad Core) + 1.2 GHz (Quad Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8952 GPU Adreno 405 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Is this phone better than iPhone 5s?. To be honest, there is no comparision between the Moto G4 Plus and the iPhone 5s. First of all, Moto G4 Plus is a better performer with an Octacore processor and 1.5 GHz CPU along with 3 GB of RAM, compared to the Dual core(not even quad) processor and the 1.3 GHZ CPU with 1 GB of RAM.. Moto has a Full HD 1080p screen while 5s got a 640p screen.. With 5.5 inch screen multimedia tasks look cleaner on Moto than on the 4 incher iPhone.. Dual sim slots are absent on the iPhone 5s.. In the Camera department, although the iPhone has a decent camera, but still the 16 MP Moto beats this 8 MP phone (Megapixel is not the only factor when comparing cameras. I have not used iPhone till now, but if we see functionality, camera and other features in Moto G4 Plus then it is awesome. I have no issues with this phone like hanging, camera quality and any other issue. I am fully satisfied with Moto G4 Plus.. Don't compare iphone with moto, but you will have more features than iphone 5s.. Yes, it's too good than iphone 5s.. Which is the best moto m or moto g 4 plus?. If u compare with price point of view and features there is not much difference between two models. In moto M AND MOTO G 4 plus the only differences are as follows:. Moto M front camera is 8 whereas moto g 4 plus is 5. The processor of moto m is media tek (2.2GHz octa-core) and moto g is qualcomm (1.5GHz octa-core). The battery of moto m is 3050 and moto g is 3000. so if u see specs wise not much of difference and if u compare price wise moto g 4 plus is better. Personal View: Go for the Moto M if you are not worried about spending extra 4k. It is NFC capable, has an AMOLED screen as opposed to the Corning Gorilla 3. So the display is much more vivid and brighter than the Moto G4 Plus. Overall, Moto M is a much more powerful and feature ridden phone and also has a full metal body (Good Grade Plastic for the Moto G4 Plus).. There is average camera of Moto M and Moto G4 Plus have functional issues.. Except that no other significant difference. Moto g4 plus best in this range, but look wise moto m is awesome.. How many days it have replacement warranty?. Their is a difference between warranty and guarantee. When guarantee is their it can be replaced but in warranty only in manufacturing defects it can be replaced and depends on manufacturer to manufacturer. In most cases your product will not be replaced and will need to send a complaint letter to the company and after 2 to 3 reminders you can send a legal notice and file a consumer complaint. Does it have any hanging issues?. It has been less than 8 months since I bought this phone, now I am fed up of the hanging issues. The phone gets stuck most of the time. It's charged soon, and that is the only advantage. In the beginning, the battery used to last for hours even if it's connected to the internet and now it doesn't. Please do not go for it.. it usually get slow and hanged during charging some time got stuck if 4 -5 application open simultaneously. my suggestion is not to buy it.. No, not at all while normal use but it lags when it gets heated.. untill you upload any anti virus from play store or others. I USING FOR ALMOST 6 MONTHS. How is the RAM performance of this phone?. Moto G4 Plus comes with 2GB RAM and Qualcomm Octa Core 1.5GHz Processor. With 1.5 GHz Processor backup, 2 GB RAM works fairly well.. Its good, as I am not a game lover so I have no idea on that side, apart from that its good.. The RAM perfectly suits the usage.. Its very good, you can operate many apps very smoothly.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto G4 Plus. 33 Ratings 8 Reviews. 5 8. 4 5. 3 6. 2 4. 1 10. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Camera glass is outside the back surface of phone, so will get scratches on it within 4-5 months.. I bought this phone in July and I am impressed with its performance. Camera quality in the initial days was awesome but due to bad quality of camera protection glass, it got scratches on it within 4-5 months. Not that picture quality is very bad, but the company is not including this in warranty and charging about 1k for its repair. Buy if you can take care of camera lens.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. First of all, battery capacity is very poor. If you use by slotting single SIM it provides all day charge but by slotting dual SIM it's very poor. Another thing is that, this phone doesn't have any kind of special feature, nowadays at this price you can get better phone than Moto G4 plus and very important point is heating issue. Phone heats up only by calling or using internet , if you play games it heats up very much. I have found normal feature in his phone. software theme design is same as Lenovo.. If you purchase any Lenovo phone instead of this, it's better. I will give 1 out of 5. In this price range, you can get many more other phones with better battery quality and other features than this. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Not a good phone, has heating problem, slow processing, looks and battery backup are good. Heating while using net and charging.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Advantages 1 great configuration 2 best camera quality 3 perfect fingerprint scanner 4 no hanging problem after 1 month 5 lightweight 6 when you compare brand, price, configuration, it's worth. Disadvantages 1 When compared to price and mobile configuration, battery life is average 2 Some heating problems it has while playing games and charging mobile 3 Not water resistant.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Motorola mobile price list in India. Redmi Note 5 64GB price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt 64GB price (Rs. Moto G5 Plus 4GB RAM price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J7 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Motorola launches the Moto G (4th Gen), G Plus (4th Gen); prices start at Rs. Motorola at a glitzy launch event in Delhi India launched the much-hyped Moto G 4th Gen and the Moto G Plus 4th Gen thus putting an end to all the rumoursThe Moto G Plus 4th Gen comes in two variants one with 2GB of RAM 16GB of ROM and the other with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of ROM The. Moto G Plus (4th Gen) Review: Hello, Lenovo. The first generation Moto G launched back in November 2013 was the start of the Motorola resurgence that we had all been waiting for ever since the brand began to lose market share to companies such as Apple and Samsung The Moto G because of the near-stock Android experience it offered at an aff. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto G4 Plus was obtained on 26th February 2018 15:11:18 The Motorola Moto G4 Plus is available in Amazon, Ebay, Flipkart, Gadgets360, Shopclues, Tatacliq The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto G4 Plus online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Motorola Moto G4 Plus is available in White, Black colours across various online stores in India.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Price in India is Rs. 11,899 as on 26th February 2018 15:11:18. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus review: No longer the best budget smartphones available. Make no mistake: These two devices are Lenovo phones through and through, and the end of Motorola's budget brand as we know it. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Moto Z Force review: Motorola's beefier Z smartphone is better without its mods. Motorola details three new Moto G smartphones. Moto Z review: Motorola proves modular smartphones are the future of mobility. Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. ] Design: A thin and basic chassis Florence Ion. Performance: A meek, shaky sheep in wolf’s clothing. Camera: You get what you pay for. A year ago, I would have enthusiastically endorsed you bringing home a third-generation Moto G if you wanted the best budget Android device. But after a few days with its successors, the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus, I’m now preparing for the beginning of the end of what was once Motorola’s best smartphone.. These are the first Moto G phones developed with Lenovo at the helm, since acquiring Motorola's mobile business in 2014. While it hasn’t completely steamrolled over everything that Motorola has established for itself over the past couple of years, Lenovo’s quantity over quality ethos appears to be slowly creeping through.. The Moto G was the best budget smartphone on the market because it was compact, responsive, and offered all the basics for a measly starting price of $179. But now, we have what Lenovo considers to be the flashier, re-imagined Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus: They have bigger screens, thinner bodies, and better specifications, but they hardly feel like Motorola’s Moto G.. The Moto G Plus (pictured here) and Moto G are exactly the same size.. Before we get into what’s disappointing about the Moto G4 and G4 Plus, let’s talk about what Lenovo managed to get right: chassis design. These two devices are both comfortably svelte and they hardly feel like budget devices. At 9.3mm, they’re a little more than two millimeters thinner than their predecessors, and their thin edges match the design that Lenovo’s got going on with the Moto Z .. Frankly, not feeling this color scheme, though the matte is sure nice.. I am not entirely fond of the color scheme I was sent for review. Black on black is boring, and the G4 and G4 Plus appear to outfitted in the same bare-bones, let’s-get-down-to-business attire as Lenovo’s ThinkPads. Thankfully, if you buy either model unlocked, you can customize the look through the company's Moto Maker site .. The G4 and G4 Plus are two very svelte devices.. Again with the black matte back.. Like last year’s devices, the Moto G4 and G4 Plus are both covered in a water-repellent coating, though it’s meant to protect the phones against rain and spilled drinks rather than dunks in the pool. There’s also a removable back cover that allows unfettered access to the SIM and memory slots, though the battery is bolted in.. Both of the new Moto G4 devices feature 5.5-inch IPS LCD displays with 1080p resolutions and fantastic viewing angles. They’re even nicer to look at than Sony’s considerably costlier flagship, the Xperia X Performance , especially with regards to color balance. And if you don’t like either device’s color-saturated displays, you can turn off automatic vibrancy in the Settings panel. It’s nice to have the choice.. The G4 Plus’s fingerprint scanner on the front is capable, but not as fast as what you’d experience on a flagship.. The Moto G4 Plus is the only model that comes equipped with a front-facing fingerprint scanner. It’s not the fastest fingerprint scanner I’ve used, but it works. I wish Motorola would have added more functionality to the button, however, since I found myself habitually tapping it to return to the Home screen.. The Moto G4 and G4 Plus both run on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 617. The G4 is only available with 2GB of RAM, while the G4 Plus can be configured with 2, 3, or 4GB of RAM. Our review model featured 4GB of RAM.. The Moto G4 and G4 Plus both outranked the One A9, which runs the same Snapdragon 617.. The G4 and G4 Plus also outranked the OnePlus X in terms of day-to-day smartphone performance.. Both the G4 and G4 Plus performed on par with the rest of the devices in its class in our extensive benchmark tests, beating out last year’s HTC One A9. But things took a turn after I started using the devices out in the wild.. First off, it appears that the G4 Plus suffers from intermittent touchscreen recognition issues. There’s no warning when it happens, and it’s only once in a while, but when it does it’s incredibly frustrating. It also appears to only occur when I’m actively inside an app, rather than futzing around on the system interface. I searched the web to see if anyone else had experienced the same issues, but could only find a mention in. The Verge’s review of the G4 Plus. Regardless, this sporadic nuisance has me on the fence about whether or not the G4 Plus could be considered a worthy buy, even with 4GB of RAM.. The G4 with 2GB of RAM, on the other hand, performed as I expected. It was generally smooth sailing as I transitioned between screens on the main interface, the settings panel, and Google Now, though I did experience some slowdowns after launching memory-intensive apps. Snapchat, for instance, would lag, and it was difficult to record a video without much stuttering. And casual games like Sailor Moon Drops experienced occasional choppiness.. The Moto G4 managed almost 7 hours of on-screen time in Geekbench, while the G4 Plus almost hit 8 full hours.. At least the battery performance of the G4 and G4 Plus didn’t take a hit. Both phones are powered by a 3,000 mAh battery. The phones managed about 7 hours of screen-on time in the Geekbench battery run-down test. The G4 and G4 Plus also utilize Moto's Turbo Charger so that you can charge up enough juice in an hour to last you through most of the day.. The Moto G4 Plus’s 16-megapixel camera (left) shot clearer, sharper photos than the G4’s 13-megapixel camera (right).. I don’t expect much in the camera department from a pair of phones that start at $200 or less, but I do expect that whatever photography they manage is either good enough to share to the Internet, or decipherable enough to stow away as a memory. Fortunately, the Moto G4 and G4 Plus’s respective rear-facing cameras fit within that criteria.. The Moto G4 utilizes a 13-megapixel camera, while the G4 Plus comes equipped with a 16-megapixel one. Both shoot with an aperture of f/2.0, but only the G4 Plus features Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF), which helps keep the photo and its main subjects in focus.. The Moto G4 performed alright in our high light tests.. It wasn’t too bad with the low light test in our lab, either, though there are other phones with similar megapixel counts that perform better.. Let’s start with the Moto G4. In our lab, the smartphone’s camera shot better photos in bright light than some of the more pricier phones out right now. Unlike the Xperia X Performance, for instance, none of the G4’s brightly lit test photos came out overexposed. They were nicely color-balanced and I was able to zoom in and clearly read fine text.. However, the G4 wasn’t completely without fault. Notice it couldn’t catch up with the metronome in the top right-hand corner, and check out its low-light performance above: The G4 clearly struggles, and it pales in comparison to what the One A9 or OnePlus X could muster with the same f/2.0 aperture.. The G4 Plus (left) is substantially better in low light than the G4 (right), though both struggled to produce photos without any noise.. The G4’s low-light performance gets worse in the real world. The camera struggled to illuminate most dimly-lit scenes, and when it did manage to shoot a photo in poor lighting, it produced a grainy product that was too noisy to edit after the fact.. The Moto G4 Plus performed a little better in our low light lab tests.. The G4 Plus’s 16-megapixel camera fared a bit better in our lab tests. I also noticed that it tends to over sharpen the end-result in an attempt to produce a clearer photo. It definitely helps make the scene pop out a bit and, if nothing else, it helps bump up the quality of a camera that’s decidedly middle-of-the-road.. Like its sibling, the G4 Plus also suffered from a few follies out in the real world. For instance, the camera had a tendency to blow out background objects and scenes unless I adjusted the exposure with the app’s limited manual controls beforehand. It’s not the quickest at capturing moving objects, either, and pictures shot while walking came out blurry.. If it’s one thing that Motorola’s known for, it’s keeping Android relatively free from bloatware and excessive interface changes. It continues that tradition with the Moto G4 and G4 Plus, which is quite the relief considering Lenovo’s reputation for overstuffing its smartphones and tablets with superfluous apps.. The Moto G4 and G4 Plus both have the same interface as the Google Launcher.. The G4 and G4 Plus both run Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with only one application for adjusting Motorola’s special add-on features, including its ambient display and gesture controls. I’m not sure what Lenovo is planning to do with apps like Moto Assist, but it appears to signify the beginning of the end of the Moto brand.. It used to be so easy to award the Moto G with the title for the best budget smartphone, but I’m wary to do so this year.. The Moto G4 and G4 Plus are two average smartphones with solid hardware and slim bodies, but there are too many little annoyances in the software.. If you’re looking for a budget device that you can use unlocked on all four major carriers in the U.S. and overseas, the Moto G4 is a solid choice. It works fine, and even though its camera is mediocre, it’s substantial enough for a $200 device.. The G4 Plus is a different story.. I’ve requested another review unit in an attempt to get down to the bottom of whether the interface glitching and unresponsiveness spans across all models. But until then, I’d warn that you’re gambling if you’re considering bringing home this $250 device—which shoots up to $300+ if you get it with 4GB of RAM.. Lenovo's Moto G4 is a solid budget device, though its camera performance isn't as good as last year's Moto G.. Battery life will get you through the day. The G4 Plus would have been a great budget device if it weren't for its intermittent touchscreen issues.. Battery life will definitely get you through a day of use. Intermittent touchscreen responsiveness issues can crop up at any time. 16-megapixel camera could be better at low light performance. Florence reports on all the latest Android and smart home gear for PCWorld, Greenbot and TechHive. Follow her on Twitter at @ohthatflo .. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for moto g4 plus. All Listings - Current page. results for moto g4 plus. Save moto g4 plus to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow moto g4 plus to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Open Box Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1641 5.5" 32GB 4G LTE Android Factory Unlocked. Moto G4 Plus 4th Gen XT1644 16GB/64GB GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone. Motorola XT1641 Moto G4 Plus GSM Factory Unlocked 32GB Smartphone Cell Phone. Dr Who Police Call Box Phone Case fits iPhone X 8 PLUS 8 Samsung LG HTC Moto etc. Moto G4 case, Moto G4 Plus case, MicroPTM Slim Folio / Flip Pu Leather With St. Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1642 Dual Sim 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" Black White. Motorola Moto G4 Play 4G LTE 16GB unlocked for all verizon mvno page plus Phone. Motorola Moto G G4 Plus 4th Generation XT1644 64GB Black Unlocked Smartphone. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. NEW - Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1644 - 64GB - Black GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone NO ADS. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. Unlocked Moto G4 Plus 5.5" Full HD (1080p) 16 GB + 2 GB, White - Brand New !!. Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1642 32GB Black 5.5" 16MP Android Phone By FedEx. BNIB MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLUS XT1642 16GB WHITE DUAL-SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G GSM. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 64GB Unlocked Smartphone, Black 6.02"L x 3.01"W x 0. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. For Motorola Moto G4, G4 Plus 5.5" XT1625 Black TPU SILICONE Case Cover + Pen. MOTO G4 Case,MOTO G4 Plus Case,ANLITM[Sh ock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid. Unlocked Brand New Sealed MOTO G4 PLUS XT1641 Black with Full Warranty. Moto XT1644 G4 Plus 4th Gen 5.5 Inch full HD 64GB Storage 4 GB RAM Unlocked NEW. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. BNIB MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLUS XT1642 16GB BLACK SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G GSM. Motorola Moto G4 Plus SIM Free Smartphone White/ Black #Fast shipp Japan F/S. JCSSUPER Motorola Moto G4 Plus 3GB 32GB 16+5 MP 3000 mAh 5.5" 4G Volte Freeship. Moto G4 Plus 16GB Smartphone Black *NEW*＋Warranty !. Motorola MOTO G4 Plus 32G 3RAM 16 MP 5.5" Dual Sim 4G/LTE Smartphone. +Frame LCD Touch Digitizer Display FOR Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1641 XT1642 Black. LCD Display +Touch Digitizer + Frame For Motorola G4 Plus 5.5" LTE XT1641 XT1642. MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLUS NOIR DOUBLE SIM DISPLAY 5.5 FULL HD OCTA CORE RAM 2GB. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Smartphone (Unlocked), Black 6.02"L x 3.01"W x 0. 1 new & refurbished from $179.98. NEW Moto G4 Plus XT1644 64GB - GSM/CDMA Unlocked. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. Moto XT1644 G4 Plus (4th Gen) 5.5 Inch full HD 64GB Storage 4 GB RAM Unlocke... 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. Moto XT1644 G4 Plus (4th Gen) 5.5 Inch full HD 64GB Storage 4 GB RAM ,... 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. Moto G4 Case,Moto Plus Case Clear with HD Screen Protector,[Not fit... OMOTON Moto G4 Play / G 4th Generation Case - Dual-Layer [Soft TPU Interior]... Moto G5 Plus Unlocked motorola 32GB GSM/CDMA smartphone gray 5.2 display 4G LTE. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 32GB / 16GB Unlocked Smartphone NO ADS. New Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 16GB 32GB (Unlocked) Smartphone NO ADS. Moto G Plus XT1644 4th Gen. New Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 32GB Black Unlocked Smartphone NO ADS. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB 4GB RAM. Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64 GB - 4 GB RAM Unlocked A6 #3. NEW Moto G Plus XT1644 4th Gen. 16GB Smartphone Unlocked - White/Black. BRAND NEW MOTOROLA MOTO G4 16GB 5.5" UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE LENOVO XT1625 BLACK. Moto E4 Plus XT1770 4G 32GB Factory Unlocked - Gray A7 , #7. Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Gen XT1644 (Latest Model) - 64GB - Black (Unlocked). New Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Gen XT1644 16GB Factory Unlocked Black Smartphone. Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Generation XT1644 - 16GB (Unlocked) Smartphone.. Motorola Moto G4 Play - XT1609 - 16GB - Verizon Prepaid - Smartphone - Black. Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Gen XT1644 (Latest Model) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked). Motorola MOTO G Play (4TH Generation) XT1609 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone - Black. NEW Iron Gray Boost Mobile - Motorola Moto E4 Plus 4G LTE with 16GB 5.5" Screen. Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Gen XT1644 (Latest Model) - 16GB - White (Unlocked). Moto G Plus (5th Generation) -Lunar Gray 32 GB ✔Factory Unlocked ✔NEW ✔NO ADS. Motorola Moto E4 GSM 4G LTE 5" 16GB Memory 2GB RAM Smartphone Black UNLOCKED NEW. Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Gen XT1644 (Latest Model) - 64GB - White (Unlocked). Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 4th Gen XT1625 32GB Black Smartphone GSM. Moto G4 (16GB, 2GB RAM) US 4G LTE 5.5" Dual Sim GSM Factory Unlocked XT1621 NEW. Motorola - Moto E4 Plus 4G LTE with 32GB Memory Cell Phone (Unlocked) XT1775. Motorola Moto E4 PLUS 5.5" 16GB GSM (FACTORY UNLOCKED) Verizon Prepaid BRAND NEW. Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Generation XT1644 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Brand New Moto C Plus XT1723 4G Dual Sim 16GB Factory Unlocked - Starry Black. [3 Pack] Moto G4 Play Tempered Glass, Nacodex For Motorola 5.0-inch Premium... Sparin Moto G4 Plus Screen Protector 2 Pack 5.5 Inch Tempered Glass Ships Free. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. LCD have different colors , lines in the lower parts. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✔Factory Unlocked ✔New Condition ✔Ships Same Day Free!!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. BRAND NEW - Ships Fast - US LTE 4G Bands. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. New, Factory Unlocked, Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, & more. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save moto g4 plus to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Moto G4 Release Date is set in 2016. Check all Motorola Specs, Features and price.. Motorola Moto G4 – Release date, Features, Specifications and Price. Buy Motorola Moto G4 from Amazon and Flipkart. >>> Click HERE – Buy Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Black, 32GB) <<<. Moto G Plus 4th Gen Discount and Launch Offers. Buy Moto G Plus, 4th Gen and also buy Motorola Pulse 2 from Amazon.in and get Rs 300 Value Cash Back in your account. 100% Cashback on G4 Plus for 50 Lucky Shoppers. You will get Rs 15,000 GoCash for Goibibo.com. Get a Chance to Win a Moto 360 every hour. 10 Superfans will get chance to see Kabali at audio launch. Motorola Moto G4 Expected Release Date. Purchase Moto G4th Gen Online for Cheap. Get your Moto G4 Now! – Click Here. Purchase Moto G4 Online – Click Here. Motorola Moto G4 is officially launched. You can buy Moto G Plus 4th Gen exclusively from Amazon in 16GB or 32GB model.. After the successful release of Moto G 3rd generation in July 2015, it has gone wildly popular amongst the smartphone lovers. Moto G3 was arrived up to the marks and most of the people using it are satisfied and happy with the experience. So after the wide acceptance by fans, Motorola is planning to release the next smartphone Moto G4 generation with more beautiful look and exciting features. The most awaited 4th generation mobile from Motorola is already release in 17th May 2016.. Your Wait is over! Motorola officially released their Moto G Plus 4th Gen on 17th May, 2016 and it is exclusively available on Amazon.in. Option is available for 16GB and 32GB. You can purchase 16GB at just Rs 13,499 only, while 32GB is available from Rs 14,999 only.. Buy Newest MOTO G4 16gb OR 32gb – Click HERE. Want to purchase high end smartphone at affordable rate then you should buy Moto G4. Some of key features are TurboPower Charging, 16MP Camera with Auto focus and Fingerprint Unlocking.. During the Launch Offer you can below benefits.. Moto G third Gen highlights 5 inches screen with 720p resolution which is somewhat less clear than the expected. This has displeased numerous Moto G mates. Motorola is going to upgrade the resolution in the upcoming Moto G handset. As a result, Moto G4 Gen might include the same 5 inches or may increase up to 5.2 inches display and will give the 1080p resolution. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 provides better security for display in Moto-G4. It likewise contains more slender side bezels contrasted with its antecedents. Body size and outline of Moto G will be uncovered in coming days of 2016.. Motorola Moto G4 shall be bundled with the powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 Chipset containing Eight Cortex A-53 cores clocked at 1.2 GHz. The Chipset is just announced by Qualcomm. As per the company news, the Snapdragon 430 will be used in most of the smartphones in the upcoming year. The processor is 64-bit and built on 28nm architecture. The new chipset is packed with Quickcharge 3.0 and also has Dual Image Signal Processors (ISP).. Purchase Motorola Moto G4th Generation – Check This Link. These Dual Image Signal Processors can capture 16MP snaps at 30fps (Frame per second) speed giving you pleasure of quick capturing pictures. Hence the camera quality will be enhanced significantly in the upcoming Moto device. SnapDragon 430 chipset is powered with Hexagon 536 DSP and X6 LTE modem. Note 6 Specs says that, Samsung will also add x6 LTE modem. This X6 LTE modem supports Cat.4 download speeds up to 150MBPS and Cat.5 upload speeds up to 75MBPS means more than a 4G speed. In Snapdragon 430 SoC, they have given Adreno 505 GPU. The Adreno 505 will support 1920 X 1200 pixel display resolution up to 60 fps. And it will improve the graphics performance drastically. The Video quality will be crystal clear without log. Due to the power of Adreno 505 GPU, the 4th Gen phone will be able to capture videos with 1080p resolution at 30fps and 720p resolution at 60fps. The physical memory will be enhanced to 2.5 GB or 3 GB from the previous version 2 GB.. Talking about the camera will be too early and unpredictable as we are having mixed reports like it may upgrade the rear camera to 16 MP, (or it may be 13 MP as it is with enhanced capture quality) and front to 8 MP. It will be best for selfie as it may also include a LED flash for front camera and dual sharp LED for back camera. They are also going to add USB Type-C port in the next Moto G. The USB Type-C port offers higher transfer rates than USB 2.0. It will also add feature of fast charging.. As the Moto G 3rd generation came with physical memory of 2 GB (RAM) and 2 variants in terms of storage – 8 GB and 16 GB. Now it is expected that the RAM would be increased to 2.5GB or 3 GB probably and the storage capacity would increase up to 32 GB, though the 16 GB variant will also be available with price difference.. The upcoming Moto 4th generation device will be packed with inbuilt Android 6 Marshmallow operating system. Everyone is now waiting to experience Marshmallow as it will have so many new advantages over the previous lollipop operating system.. There was a Non-removable 2470 mAH Li-Ion battery the previous version, Moto G 3rd Gen and now to cope with the enhanced features and performance, Motorola will use 3000mAh Li-Ion Non removable battery in Motorola Moto G4 , most probably. The exact details about 4th generation battery will be updated soon.. Quick Charge 3.0 is the next version of Quick Charge 2.0 recently out by Qualcomm. In the next generation phone, Motorola is supposed to extend the Quick Charge version to 3.0. With this feature, you can charge your Motorola battery up to 80% in just 35-40 minutes. But for this fast changing facility, you will need the Turbo charger which may be shipped within the box or you have to buy it as an extra. Samsung first introduced smart charging on their note series and we are expecting that galaxy note 6 feature will rose better and far away from you expectation. The exact details will be published soon here.. The Snapdragon chipset in Moto G4 will use Fluence technology giving you clear sound with Noise Cancellation and Echo Cancellation. It also springs 5.1 surround sound output with Dolby and DTS. Qualcomm also provides Crystal clear quality voice calls. The call quality and sound output of G 4th Gen will be better than 3rd Gen.. The Motorola is always giving top quality phones in very moderate price range as compared to the other rivals. So the next power packed smart phone Moto G 4th generation will be available in 13,500 to 16,000 including both variants. But as per the features and quality provided by Motorola, this price is absolutely value for your money. If you have more budget then you should go for s8. The Galaxy S8 price is estimated at $800.. In case of any query or question you can contact us. We will try to reply you soon.. We will also update the features and specs at a glance as we confirm the news. Please stay tuned for latest news and updates of the most awaited Moto 4th generation Motorola smart phone.. 300 thoughts on “Motorola Moto G4 – Release date, Features, Specifications and Price”. May 16, 2016 at 12:21 pm. Looking forward to buy my moto g4. May 18, 2016 at 7:09 am. Is moto g4 compatible with otg. May 19, 2016 at 5:37 pm. Yes, you can use OTG cable to connect your HDD as big as 1 TB.. July 18, 2016 at 4:15 pm. I read moto G 4th generation don’t have gallery option to save photos. Is it true? Then where will photo get save?. July 18, 2016 at 4:25 pm. My question is for ur indian edition handset. July 19, 2016 at 10:52 am. July 19, 2016 at 10:51 am. The photos are saved but they are not providing concept of gallery. But you can easily download an app for gallery from playstore.. August 22, 2016 at 4:15 pm. Is moto g4 plus with 64gb internal memory available in indian market or online market??. August 23, 2016 at 6:37 am. Hi, Actually this specs will be available for Indians in Moto G5 .. August 23, 2016 at 5:50 pm. When moto g5 will be available in market?. August 22, 2016 at 7:51 pm. August 23, 2016 at 6:38 am. Prabir Kumar Ghosh says:. May 18, 2016 at 3:43 pm. May 20, 2016 at 7:48 am. Waiting to play with the phone….. Swagato shourya roy says:. May 20, 2016 at 12:51 pm. It has good prosser so it cannot hang.use moto g 4 for good future.. May 20, 2016 at 8:29 pm. Pls..guide me..i wan order moto g4…not plus…so..tell me tentative date for that….. June 5, 2016 at 8:16 am. As we stated in post, it will release in July, this year.. May 21, 2016 at 5:40 am. May 22, 2016 at 6:32 am. July 1, 2016 at 5:59 am. Want to buy Moto G4 but also want to buy compatible VR headset. please suggest a compatible VR headset for MOTO G4..thanks. July 1, 2016 at 6:01 am. Moto G4 Plus….suggest compatible VR headset..thanks. July 3, 2016 at 11:25 am. July 3, 2016 at 11:25 am. Visit here to get Moto G4 compatible VR Headsets.. May 21, 2016 at 2:57 pm. It is water resistance or not?. May 21, 2016 at 5:48 pm. It is IP67 water and Dust Resistant.. May 21, 2016 at 7:51 pm. When will moto g4 gen available?. May 22, 2016 at 6:40 am. Most probably on July this year.. June 5, 2016 at 5:29 pm. how can i get the moto G plus 32/3g in the EU I can only find it in indian amazon… And how much will that model cost?. June 6, 2016 at 5:24 am. Currently it is available for Indian market only.. May 22, 2016 at 4:38 am. is launch offers are for amazon buyers only. May 22, 2016 at 6:36 am. Yes, the Moto G4 is exclusively available only on Amazon .. May 22, 2016 at 6:03 am. which one is better g4 or g4 plus. May 22, 2016 at 6:35 am. May 22, 2016 at 6:32 pm. Actually Is this g4plus available in 64gb/4gb ram variant in amazon. I cant get such a model in websites or anywhere. May 23, 2016 at 5:18 am. Hi, This configuration shall be available in Moto G4 and Moto G5. You have to wait for it. Better you purchase Moto G4 plus with 3GB/32GB.. September 6, 2016 at 2:01 am. I can’t connect to the videos call please tell me the solution. September 6, 2016 at 6:03 am. To turn video calling on or off:. [NOTE: If you turn off video calling, your phone will not accept video calls.]. Restart the phone to complete this change.. May 22, 2016 at 6:29 pm. In the specification of moto g4. They mentioned a model variant as 64gb/4 gb ram….??. Is this variant is available in indian marketor in indian amazon website. If it is available let me know about its more details. May 23, 2016 at 5:19 am. Hi, This configuration shall be available in Moto G4 and Moto G5. You have to wait for it. Better you purchase Moto G4 plus with 3GB/32GB.. May 23, 2016 at 2:10 am. When this available on flipkart, and moto g4plus and moto g4 cost are approx…same. Then what is denifit to customer. Why should u always confused the customer..any how..Try to release the both models are in this month.. May 23, 2016 at 3:37 am. This is very excellent and marvelous mobile I seen ever. May 23, 2016 at 4:55 am. Is moto G4 plus water resistant?. May 23, 2016 at 5:11 am. Yes, It is IP67 Water and Dust Resistant.. May 23, 2016 at 8:22 am. is moto g4 plus have audio recorder and file manager installed?. May 24, 2016 at 5:03 am. It has audio recorder but you should go for ES file explorer as it has far more features than ordinary file manager.. May 23, 2016 at 11:32 am. Seen the specs nd all…its jst osm waiting for the purchaseeee.luv u moto. May 23, 2016 at 7:06 pm. I red in news paper about motorola phones that it’s camera quality not much good .. May 24, 2016 at 5:00 am. The camera quality is always better and in the newer version, it is much improved. View reviews about camera and you will be amazed.. August 16, 2016 at 6:05 pm. What is the expected date of 64 gb and 4 gb virsion?. August 17, 2016 at 11:16 am. It will be available in Moto G5 most probably in March, 2017.. May 24, 2016 at 8:38 am. I read in review that moto g4 do not have gallery but Google photos installed in it. May 25, 2016 at 6:34 am. Of course it has gallery as well as Google Photos.. May 24, 2016 at 10:08 am. We can connect to led TV. May 24, 2016 at 8:35 pm. Tell me the exact launch date of moto g4. May 25, 2016 at 3:35 am. Which is the better G4 or g4 plus i can’t chose ths. May 25, 2016 at 3:39 am. Which is the better G4 or g4 plus i can’t chose ths. May 25, 2016 at 6:33 am. Should go for G4 plus if not urgent.. August 25, 2016 at 3:49 pm. When moto g5 plus will be released in india??. May 26, 2016 at 4:18 am. I want to buy moto g4 plus in red colour where can I buy. May 26, 2016 at 11:49 am. This device is supported HDMI ? and which better phone moto G 4 Or G 4 plus? Which is the best features in this mobile?. May 28, 2016 at 6:25 am. But the outstanding is Turbo Charging. In 15 minutes, it will give you backup of 6 hours.. May 27, 2016 at 11:59 am. Hello, Tell me which is better phone Moto G 4 or Moto G 4 plus. Can this phone is the water and dust resistant, let us me know about heating issue, please explain about that. May 30, 2016 at 5:23 pm. Till now the Moto G4 Plus is the best. It is water and dust resistant. It does not have any heating issue. May 28, 2016 at 3:26 am. what is spekar quality dolby spekar or not. May 29, 2016 at 6:41 pm. I want lauch date of moto g4, because I want to buy this mobile.. May 30, 2016 at 8:07 am. What company’s VR is most compatible with G4 Plus?. May 30, 2016 at 9:51 am. And it available only online like amazon,flipkart … What is the price….. May 31, 2016 at 5:21 pm. Is front flash available in moto g4 and g4 plus. May 31, 2016 at 5:29 pm. Is front flash available in moto g4 and g4 plus???. June 1, 2016 at 5:38 am. It has 16 MP primary camera with laser focus, PDAF and professional mode, 5 MP wide angle front camera with display flash.. June 2, 2016 at 7:26 am. which accesories of phone are you give with headset. June 2, 2016 at 1:26 pm. I already purchased one week ago, moto G4. June 2, 2016 at 5:42 pm. can u tell about the speakers of g4 plus n also about led ?. June 3, 2016 at 5:11 pm. The speakers of Moto G3 and Turbo were superb and G4 plus has got better than that, you will enjoy it. It does not have LED notification.. June 3, 2016 at 3:41 am. Can we Use Nano Sims in Moto G4 Plus. I have purchased the phone and its on the way…. but I have Nano Sims in my Current Mobile…. So can I use Same Sims in MOTO G$ or i will have to buy Adapter???. June 3, 2016 at 5:59 am. Can i use Nano Sim in MOT G 4+ or I ll have to buy adapter????. June 3, 2016 at 5:08 pm. The Moto G4 Plus supports dual micro SIM so you have to use adapter for nano sim.. Giridhar A S says:. June 3, 2016 at 4:58 pm. What about the UI in the MOTO G4 PLUS and snap dragon version is lower.. so will it get a hang or not?. June 3, 2016 at 5:07 pm. It has the best GUI and there is no chance to hang or slow down.. Giridhar A S says:. June 3, 2016 at 5:00 pm. And also does JBL headsets work better with them. Giridhar A S says:. June 3, 2016 at 5:09 pm. Wat about using JBL HEADSETS in moto g4. Giridhar A S says:. June 3, 2016 at 5:10 pm. And also in moto g4 plus. Giridhar A S says:. June 3, 2016 at 5:17 pm. Does g4 plus have dual colour led flash?. June 3, 2016 at 6:08 pm. What is exact launch date and rate of Moto G4 ?. June 5, 2016 at 8:04 am. It is going to be released in July, 2016 with 15K and 16K price – expected.. June 4, 2016 at 9:28 am. Did moto G4 plus have any overheating problem plz. June 5, 2016 at 8:05 am. No problem is complained till now for overheating.. June 4, 2016 at 2:47 pm. Woah! I’m really loving the template/theme of this website. A lot of times it’s challenging to get that “perfect balance” between user friendliness and appearance. I must say you have done a great job with this. In addition, the blog loads very quick for me on Firefox. Giridhar A S says:. June 5, 2016 at 1:59 am. I got the phone and its awesome……. Can i small doen the icon size on launcher… Pls reply faster….. June 5, 2016 at 6:22 am. Can i know rhe releasing date ig Moto G4 in india and specification…right now…. June 5, 2016 at 8:14 am. It is going to be released in July, 2016 with 15K and 16K price – expected.. June 6, 2016 at 8:07 am. Both sim slots supports 4G ?. June 6, 2016 at 8:08 am. Moto G4 Plus – Both sim slots supports 4G ?. July 19, 2016 at 5:27 pm. One SIM supports 4G and the other is for 3G.. June 6, 2016 at 9:42 am. Can anyone let me know where is the Gallery option in Moto G4 Plus…Can`t find gallery option in it…. is it a bug or what ???. July 20, 2016 at 6:30 am. You have to download app from Play store.. June 6, 2016 at 10:30 am. I purchased one week ago, moto G4 plus. But I can’t voice record please tell me how can use?. July 19, 2016 at 5:26 pm. June 6, 2016 at 1:24 pm. when is moto z will available. June 8, 2016 at 7:06 am. How to use gallary in Moto 4 plus. July 20, 2016 at 6:30 am. Please download one app from play store.. June 8, 2016 at 8:47 am. June 8, 2016 at 10:25 am. Is Moto G4 plus a dual sim or a single sim cell phone ?. June 9, 2016 at 5:21 am. October 28, 2016 at 1:29 am. It’s mentioned that the phone will be dual sim and in gsmarena/phonearena sites also mentioned as dual sim but the phone I received today from amazon is a single sim phone.. October 30, 2016 at 5:48 am. The phone is Dual SIM and you should insert both the SIMs. If you are sure, it’s not dual SIM, then please return the product or contact customer care.. November 2, 2016 at 12:17 pm. Mine was single SIM and I returned to amazon. You should explicitly mention it in amazon product description. All phone sites say that it’s dual SIM but you have a single SIM variant.. November 3, 2016 at 5:30 am. We provide all the true details. Please be specific which variant did you purchase?. June 8, 2016 at 10:26 am. Is moto G4 going to be dual sim or single sim???. June 9, 2016 at 5:19 am. June 8, 2016 at 1:12 pm. When will it be available at flipkart? ASAP. June 9, 2016 at 5:21 am. Can’t say, as currently they have contract with Amazon.. June 9, 2016 at 8:47 am. Why can’t we buy it from the shops??. June 9, 2016 at 4:26 pm. Motorola and Amazon have made contract for this. As shopkeepers will charge their commissions including sales team and distributors, so the ultimate price will be far more than this (Online price).. June 9, 2016 at 11:59 am. What is the price in US dollars please?. June 9, 2016 at 4:24 pm. June 9, 2016 at 1:14 pm. How much fingers print will be stored in the phone ?. June 9, 2016 at 4:23 pm. Generally you can add 5 different fingerprints, but you can add still more if needed.. June 9, 2016 at 3:35 pm. Its better to buy 16gb phone r 32gb phn & I cn I knw weather the fingerprint is available in both. June 9, 2016 at 4:20 pm. If you can spend 1500 more then obviously the 32GB is better as it will give you 3GB RAM. And both variants have fingerprint scanner.. June 9, 2016 at 5:16 pm. Any heating issues r there & the separte chip slot is there for chip ah. June 10, 2016 at 2:01 am. In Moto G4 , What will be the screen size , camera and RAM specification. Does it will be the same as G4 plus wrt design?. June 10, 2016 at 6:08 pm. Does moto G4 has compass or magnetometer.. July 15, 2016 at 6:07 am. As far as I can tell, the answer is no! This is a big disappointment for people who use their phone for hiking navgigation. I currently have a Moto G 2nd gen and this has a compass. I’m wondering why on earth they have dumped this very useful sensor!. July 15, 2016 at 6:51 am. Unfortunately Motorola has not given this app in built. But you can download here .. June 11, 2016 at 7:58 am. When the moto g4 plus will get the font flash answer me fastly. June 11, 2016 at 7:48 pm. June 12, 2016 at 4:17 pm. G4 mobile price and relesing date. June 13, 2016 at 3:51 am. when moto g4 will be available..n what is the price rate of moto g4?. June 13, 2016 at 12:52 pm. I also use motog3 gen phone is good but service is very bad what can I do PLZ reply me ya contact me. June 13, 2016 at 4:07 pm. Please advice me about sim card that it supports. Weather both are nano or micro or one nano one micro.. June 13, 2016 at 4:24 pm. June 15, 2016 at 8:02 am. Want to know… When moto g4 plus 64 gb will available to buy. June 16, 2016 at 10:55 am. It might come in 2 months.. June 15, 2016 at 4:13 pm. When motorola 4th generation is releasing or is it released?. June 16, 2016 at 10:55 am. Moto G4 Plus is released with 2 variants.. June 15, 2016 at 8:03 pm. CONTENTS OF MOTO G4 Pack ? I mean the contents of the fresh packet.. June 16, 2016 at 10:53 am. Mobile, Turbo Charger, Ear Phones, User Guide. June 16, 2016 at 1:47 pm. Does it support vr head sets? Like lenovo k4 NotE?. June 17, 2016 at 5:49 am. June 17, 2016 at 8:50 am. Which month will done for moto g5 to lunch or moto g4 64gb rom with 4gb ram. June 20, 2016 at 8:59 am. G4 is releasing this week but it will not give 4GB/64GB. G5 would offer this configuration and will be available in 2017.. June 17, 2016 at 8:47 am. is moto g4 have front flash?. June 20, 2016 at 9:00 am. Sorry to say but it will not have front flash. G5 would offer but G4 and G4 plus have better selfie results.. June 17, 2016 at 8:50 am. Which month will done for moto g5 to lunch or moto g4 64gb rom with 4gb ram. June 20, 2016 at 8:57 am. G4 is releasing this week but it will not give 4GB/64GB. G5 would offer this configuration and will be available in 2017.. June 19, 2016 at 5:39 pm. koi scheme he 4th plus generation me discount ke liye. June 20, 2016 at 8:56 am. Click here for best deals http://amzn.to/28IoxVQ. For Flipkart click here: http://fkrt.it/h2Y1vuuuuN. June 20, 2016 at 2:34 am. When will moto G4 available to buy in India??. June 20, 2016 at 8:50 am. The Moto G4 would be available to purchase from Amazon at 22nd June, 2016. June 20, 2016 at 7:18 am. What could be estimated cost of 64gb internal memory 4gb ram version ?. June 20, 2016 at 8:48 am. Actually Moto g4 would not offer 4GB RAM or 64GB ROM.. June 20, 2016 at 7:57 am. Astounding information available on couple of gos to. June 20, 2016 at 11:30 am. my moto g4 plus does not have pre installed gallery ??. Anyone else having this same problem?. June 21, 2016 at 3:24 am. Where can I find the gallery in Moto plus 4th gen. June 22, 2016 at 12:33 pm. Does moto g4 plus has usb wire in a box?. June 24, 2016 at 7:20 am. will this moto g4&g4plus will have IR remote control………. tell me whether it can miracast with sony and all other tv’s. June 27, 2016 at 3:45 pm. Yes, You can control via IR.. June 24, 2016 at 1:02 pm. How to upgrade in Android N and Android O in moto g4 plus. June 27, 2016 at 3:42 pm. Android has not released the O and N versions yet, as it will be available, your Moto G4 will notify you for it.. June 27, 2016 at 3:43 pm. Android has not released the N and O versions yet. The Moto G4 will notify you when the versions will be available by Android.. June 25, 2016 at 2:56 am. I wantvto know abt launching dare of moto g4 64gb ram and what will be its rate by ur opinion….. June 27, 2016 at 3:40 pm. Moto G4 has only 16GB ROM and 2GB RAM. For 64GB, you have to wait for Moto G5 .. June 25, 2016 at 4:15 pm. When ll this Moto G5 b made available for purchase in India.Its price n specifications as compared with Moto G 4 Plus.Expect an reply.. June 27, 2016 at 3:38 pm. For Moto G5 click here.. June 27, 2016 at 4:15 am. Does the Moto g4+ support VR headsets and glasses ?. June 27, 2016 at 3:34 pm. June 27, 2016 at 4:10 pm. June 27, 2016 at 4:12 pm. Hi sir….this moto g4plues 32gb price??. June 28, 2016 at 7:38 am. It is 14999 for 32GB and 13499 for 16 GB. June 28, 2016 at 3:56 pm. Moto g4plus 64gb ram 4gb variant release date and price.. June 30, 2016 at 8:58 am. It will be available on Moto G5 .. June 30, 2016 at 3:12 am. I want to buy Moto G4 Plus but online delivery is not yet available at my place. So is it available in shop? If not then when it will be available. Please reply me as soon as possible. June 30, 2016 at 9:02 am. Please contact Amazon support and they will help you. July 1, 2016 at 1:03 pm. when moto g4 plus 64 gb lunched???. July 3, 2016 at 11:23 am. It will be available in Moto G5. July 3, 2016 at 12:30 pm. Motorola 4G + available on wey colers. July 3, 2016 at 12:36 pm. July 4, 2016 at 7:18 am. prashant pratap singh says:. July 3, 2016 at 4:03 pm. I want to purchase moto g4 plus 32,but it is not available in Gorakhpur,so suggest me from where i can buy this product.. July 4, 2016 at 7:20 am. Please contact Amazon Customer support and they will assist you.. July 4, 2016 at 11:41 am. Hi can u tell me the moto g4 is water resistant???. July 5, 2016 at 6:59 am. Yes, ofcourse it is IP67 Water and Dust Resistent. July 5, 2016 at 3:15 am. my phone moto g turbo edition exchange moto g 4plus. July 7, 2016 at 9:37 am. moto G plus 4 th gen is water proof phone??. July 8, 2016 at 5:03 am. It is IP67 water and dust resistant .. July 7, 2016 at 5:59 pm. When we will get moto g4 plus 64gb 4gb ram version …. July 8, 2016 at 5:01 am. It will be available on Moto G5 only.. July 14, 2016 at 5:03 pm. When was moto5 going to be launch. July 15, 2016 at 6:45 am. July 14, 2016 at 5:17 pm. I have purchased moto g4 plus but I do not find gallery. Kindly tell me where I can see the gallery. July 15, 2016 at 6:49 am. You have to use external App for this. There are so many apps on Google Play Store. July 17, 2016 at 4:40 pm. Can i use new Reliance jio 4g sim for data surfing in G4 plus. July 18, 2016 at 7:59 am. Yes, but as per Reliance T&C, first you have to use 3 months in their phone.. July 17, 2016 at 11:51 pm. Moto g4 plus 64gb with 4 GB RAM which seems to be available only in USA, is dual sim or not?. When Moto g4 plus 64gb with 4 GB RAM will be available in India, and will it dual sim?. July 18, 2016 at 8:00 am. Hi, actually these 2 phones are launched differently. The one launched in India is different from that of USA. And the 4GB/64GB variant will be available in Moto G5.. July 18, 2016 at 2:02 am. please share the date when 4GB RAM version will be available in Indian Market, waiting for that,. July 18, 2016 at 8:01 am. The 4GB version will be available in Moto G5, releasing most probably in starting of 2017.. July 18, 2016 at 1:30 pm. Will i get the moto g4 plus model in the market in july? If not when will it be available in the market? Does the online purchase give any guarantee of giving a reliable handset?. July 19, 2016 at 10:49 am. We cannot say anything about availability in Market, but Amazon provides best service and you will not have any issue about it.. July 19, 2016 at 1:53 pm. Thanks admin for answering my one question.. Could you answer ” the US variant for moto g4 plus 64 gb with 4gb ram” is dual sim or single sim?. July 20, 2016 at 10:17 am. admin sir i have a problem that 3days before i have purchase one phone motog 4th plus so now sim trace is not showing means sim name is showing but there is no service showing whats the problem tell me soon plz. July 21, 2016 at 6:10 am. Don’t worry, just consult your nearby SIM Service center. And if they say this is not a SIM problem and Phone have problem, return the phone on Amazon. July 21, 2016 at 11:44 pm. US variant for moto g4 plus 64 gb with 4gb ram” is dual sim or single sim?. July 23, 2016 at 6:27 am. I bought the 4 GB RAM 64 GB in US and it only haves one SIM. July 23, 2016 at 7:20 am. Hey, the US edition offers Single SIM only.. July 23, 2016 at 7:01 am. Does Motorola Moto g4 plus has usb cable in the box or not?. Kishan Sekhar KR says:. July 24, 2016 at 1:07 pm. I wanna buy moto g4 plus 64gb, when gonna release that in India and suggest me a online site to buy this.. Kishan Sekhar KR says:. July 24, 2016 at 1:13 pm. I wanna buy moto g4 plus 64gb, when gonna release that in India and suggest me a online site to buy this… Thank u... July 25, 2016 at 3:01 pm. Actually this version is not available in India, it might be available in Moto G5.. July 26, 2016 at 10:28 am. July 26, 2016 at 3:11 pm. How can call record in my phone, recording application is in phone? If in not available so please tell me which application is supporting. Please give me reply as early as possible.. GIRIDHAR A S says:. July 26, 2016 at 6:22 pm. I got my MOTO G4 PLUS….. Can i get turbichargers for this phone as USB cables….that could also be used for powerbanks……... July 27, 2016 at 8:10 am. Is Motorola Moto G5 and Moto G5 plus coming with dedicated 2 sim slots (dual SIM) and seperate micro sd card slot?(upto what gb limit) apart from 64GB/4GB Specs? Plz confirm if its coming in both models or just one?. July 27, 2016 at 5:18 pm. Hi, We cannot confirm but just say from some related news that Moto G5 will be available in 4GB/64GB variant and one other. It will have 2 dedicated SIM slots and one for SD card.. July 29, 2016 at 7:51 am. thank u v much.In that case would wait to buy this phone eagerly.please intimate via email or on your website when phone is released about pre lauch offers at discount rate etc if any. Also any unboxed phone (not refurbished)of Moto G4 / G4 plus model available anywhere in india(online/retail) at discounted rate.Kindly let me know,Appreciate all the help.. July 27, 2016 at 12:16 pm. How can call record in my phone, recording application is in phone? If in not available so please tell me which application is supporting. Please give me reply as early as possible.. July 27, 2016 at 5:20 pm. Please download Automatic Call Recorder from Play store. It is the best call recording app. July 28, 2016 at 5:06 pm. I installed this application but the problem is only my voice is clear but other person voice very unclear very bad we cant understand what was he said? So please suggest me better application. July 29, 2016 at 12:35 pm. I installed this application but the problem is only my voice is clear but other persons voice quality is very unclear & very bad.. August 1, 2016 at 7:08 am. Go to settings and select Improve voice quality like option.. August 4, 2016 at 3:23 pm. In phone settings or recording app settings??. July 28, 2016 at 2:37 am. Where can I buy moto g4 plus 64gb/ 4gb from in India. July 28, 2016 at 6:07 am. Have to wait we will update on our website as soon as available or release date is declared.. July 28, 2016 at 3:56 am. I installed this application but the problem is only my voice is clear but other person voice very unclear very bad we cant understand what was he said? So please suggest me better application. July 29, 2016 at 3:58 am. Do Moto g4 plus supports Volte, if yes how to enable it.?. August 1, 2016 at 7:13 am. If it is not enabled then go to settings for VoLTE.. July 29, 2016 at 4:41 am. How to uase OTG copy & paste files in motog4 plus. August 1, 2016 at 7:12 am. July 31, 2016 at 5:50 pm. Which processor is used in g4 plus. August 1, 2016 at 7:11 am. August 8, 2016 at 7:36 pm. how can i get the moto G4 plus 64/4gb ram phone. It is not available in india please give me answer.. August 9, 2016 at 7:47 am. Yes, it is not available in India. August 11, 2016 at 10:17 am. M using moto g plus 4 gen from last 20 days n it is running awsm. The camera n display quality is too good. overall a very good phone in this price range.. August 17, 2016 at 11:18 am. Yes, it is really awesome in this price and thanks for sharing information.. August 14, 2016 at 2:17 am. When the available of moto g 4th gen 64 on amazon or flipkart …….?. August 17, 2016 at 11:17 am. It will be available in Moto G5 in March, 2017.. August 21, 2016 at 11:48 am. August 21, 2016 at 1:51 pm. Mobile is made in india but charger & head phone is made in china. Plz say mobile duplicate or original. August 23, 2016 at 6:41 am. Hi, From where you purchased it? Please contact the seller with the details.. August 22, 2016 at 1:01 pm. when will be the moto G4 plus with 4GB of RAM and 64GB ROM available in India ???as company were selling that varient in out of country why not in India. August 23, 2016 at 6:35 am. Hi, Actually this specs will be available for Indians in Moto G5 .. August 22, 2016 at 7:53 pm. What type of ram are used in moto g 4plus in 2gb model ddr3/ddr4. August 25, 2016 at 3:24 am. is moto g4 plus support visual reality?. if no then witch moto mobile phone support Visual reality under 20000 prise?. August 27, 2016 at 7:11 am. August 30, 2016 at 3:32 pm. Moto g4 plus really water resistant. August 31, 2016 at 10:08 am. Means it can resist water level up to 3 feet for 30 minutes.. September 7, 2016 at 2:42 am. Hi, the Moto G plus 4th Gen. it is available in 64gb 4gb ram and dual sim?????. September 8, 2016 at 5:17 am. Hi, This configuration is not available in India. It’ll be available in Moto G5.. September 8, 2016 at 9:42 am. My question is that are you sure Moto G4 Plus 64Gb config will come in Next gen handset like Moto G5,actually i have decided to buy Moto G4 Plus 32Gb but i have some confused if Motorola are ready to planning launch Moto G4 Plus 64 Gb next one or two months.. September 9, 2016 at 10:59 am. Hello, The 64GB version will be released but not in 2-3 months. It will be launched in starting of 2017.. Giridhar A S says:. September 11, 2016 at 2:34 pm. Sir….I have moto g4 plus…..I have a problem that when i get some messages from watsapp or other net using apps it gets switched off with a vibration and the messages that were send by someone when the network was switched on were unable to view. This problem is lasting even when i reset my phone. please say a way to correct this sir. October 5, 2016 at 11:33 am. Please contact the customer care as soon as possible. Or consult the nearby service center to replace the device.. September 13, 2016 at 1:32 pm. This month i purchased Moto G4, and i have problem with the internal speaker (ear speaker), the sound is bad and buzzing. I tell my problem in the store, and they give me a new Moto G4, but the problem still.. September 14, 2016 at 6:38 am. September 23, 2016 at 4:52 am. Moto G4 + heating problem is more upto 45-49 degree when using on mobile data. September 23, 2016 at 10:13 am. Please make proper use of it. Don’t keep too many unused apps on and also turn off location when not in use.. September 27, 2016 at 1:45 am. Did Moto g4 plus 64gb will relesed in india because I’m waiting for to buy Moto g4 plus 64gb…..please say it….. September 27, 2016 at 7:24 am. Moto G4 Plus 64GB’s chances are less. You will get this config in Moto G5 .. September 27, 2016 at 5:39 am. I bought moto g4 plus recently in India. Now i am going to Germany for few days. will moto g 4 plus will work in Germany with a German sim. September 27, 2016 at 7:28 am. The Dual SIM options are available in France and Germany, AND also in the UK.. October 1, 2016 at 4:15 am. Pls let me know how to make a video call in moto g4 plus.. i found an answer up but i donot find any such option called “initial setup” in my setting option.. if possible please send me a screenshot. October 3, 2016 at 6:56 am. Hi, you can use app such as Skype, Google Hangout, imo to make this. Or please be specific what really you want. October 2, 2016 at 3:05 am. Does moto g4 (black 16gb) price- 10999/- supports otg cable?. October 3, 2016 at 6:51 am. Even Moto G4 Play – price 8999/- supports OTG.. imessage apk for android says:. October 6, 2016 at 8:43 pm. Hey I am so happy I found your weblog, I really found you by accident, while I. was browsing on Bing for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thanks for a incredible post and a all round thrilling blog (I. also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to go through it all at the moment but I have saved it and also added your RSS feeds, so. when I have time I will be back to read a lot more,. Please do keep up the awesome job.. October 8, 2016 at 10:42 am. If Moto g4 plus 64 gb is buy from dubai or U.S etc….does it works indian sim cards in india or not or it will ask country code error etc please give me a correct sollution…... GIRIDHAR A S says:. October 16, 2016 at 2:55 pm. Can i get the outer glass for the camera of moto g4 plus because i got scratches on the outer glass of the camera.. so that the pictures couldnot be clear…….. October 17, 2016 at 1:26 pm. sir, when will launch moto g4 or g5 plus with 4gb ram, 64gb rom ,. i want exact date and price in india or other countrys like US. October 18, 2016 at 5:18 pm. Dear, we can’t say the exact date as it is never revealed and is kept secret. But most probably it will be released in February, 2017.. October 23, 2016 at 12:02 pm. October 23, 2016 at 5:34 pm. It will be available in starting of 2017.. New Moto G4 User says:. October 25, 2016 at 7:35 pm. I have a G4 and inserted a 128GB SD card as internal storage. Now that the device memory of 16GB is used up the photo’s & video’s I receive through say whatsapp etc do not automatically save to SD card. Can’t see an obvious solution in Settings……help !. October 26, 2016 at 7:00 pm. Is moto g4 comes with NFC.. October 30, 2016 at 5:50 am. But lots of other means for transfer.. October 31, 2016 at 10:46 am. Moto g4 plus camera busy in camera kit kataikkuma please contact number 9698915948. December 4, 2016 at 7:20 am. Please restart or contact Service Center.. November 2, 2016 at 12:11 pm. Admin I have a problem on finger print scanner it doesn’t unlock phone while phone is lock it goes to other lock pin etc but finger print scanner works well in app lock to unlock the apps…..what’s the problem give me the reasons please……. November 3, 2016 at 5:32 am. Please go through the fingerprint enrollment process again. It seems the process is not completed successfully.. November 5, 2016 at 11:29 am. Is this unit getting Android Nougat?. November 5, 2016 at 2:08 pm. Yes, of-course it will get Android 7.0 Nougat.. November 14, 2016 at 10:35 pm. Is the US version of Moto G4 dual-SIM?. December 4, 2016 at 7:17 am. The US Version may not have Dual SIM.. November 17, 2016 at 2:45 pm. Enhorabuena por la noticia, es justamente lo que buscada. December 4, 2016 at 7:16 am. November 24, 2016 at 7:57 am. Is this phone is water proof, means can we click photos under water?. December 4, 2016 at 7:13 am. Hi, It is IP67 Water and dust resistant. But you should capture photos with safety. Please read all the safety precautions before it.. November 26, 2016 at 11:32 am. when moto g5 relese and what is the specification?. December 4, 2016 at 7:11 am. It is going to be released in starting of 2017. December 11, 2016 at 8:34 am. 16 MP rear & 8 MP front ??. December 11, 2016 at 5:54 pm. Yes, with enhanced clarity and features.. December 13, 2016 at 8:33 am. 4 GB ram & 64 GB internal. In smart Prix app & NDTV, TOI shows the moto g5 similar to g4 plus internal memory & camera…... so reply a exact specifications of moto g5. December 13, 2016 at 5:29 pm. January 1, 2017 at 9:10 am. In which month of 2017, the moto G4 with 64 gb internal memory will be available?is it before March, 2017?. January 2, 2017 at 5:11 am. Most probably in March 2017, in form of Moto G5.. January 2, 2017 at 8:55 am. Click on this link and make your purchase.. January 21, 2017 at 9:40 am. can please tell me about moto g5 plus’s camera and bettery. February 12, 2017 at 9:21 am. Plz tell me what is exact date of moto G5 .fast reply i am going to purchase mobile. February 23, 2017 at 5:59 pm. If you are not in hurry then you can wait for this month.. April 4, 2017 at 5:09 pm. Awesome post! I read your blog fairly often and you’re coming out with great. stuff! I have shared this on my Facebook and my followers loved. it! Keep up the good work. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 4 out of 5 stars. Roydon Cerejo , 17 May 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The Moto G4 Plus features a fingerprint sensor and a 16-megapixel camera.. The phone has a 5.5-inch full-HD display with Gorilla Glass 3.. The rear camera boasts of PDAF and laser autofocus.. It's no secret that India loves Motorola's Moto line of smartphones. Strong sales of both the Moto G and Moto E series have helped Motorola (or to be precise now, Moto by Lenovo ) secure a strong foothold in the Indian market. Among all the phones under the Moto brand, the Moto G series has been the most popular. In our opinion, Moto G smartphones have always struck a good balance between features and price, not to mention that undeniable dependability of software updates that the entire series enjoys.. After Motorola Mobility's acquisition by Lenovo , the fourth generation Moto G marks the debut of Lenovo's branding on a Moto smartphone. The classic Motorola logo is present too but it's pretty clear that Lenovo aims to make Moto a sub-brand of itself, especially considering the company's plans to replace its Vibe range with Moto smartphones .. The Moto G (Gen 3) ( Review ) and the Moto G (Turbo Edition) ( Review ) were both solid performers but if we had any criticism, it would have to be their lacklustre camera performance, which Motorola has struggled with on pretty much all of its phones. The Moto G4 Plus , a better equipped version of the Moto G4, aims to change that perception for good with its improved camera and software. Let's see how well it succeeds in achieving its goal.. Look and feel Motorola's iconic smartphone design continues to live on in the G4 Plus. Although not as distinct as before, it's certainly identifiable as a Moto product. The rounded metal frame coupled with the rubber back cover offers good ergonomics and grip. The phone is a fair bit larger than its predecessors, thanks to the 5.5-inch full-HD TFT display. Sunlight legibility is very good and the display manages to produce punchy colours and good black levels. Gorilla Glass 3 is also present for added protection. The G4 Plus is fairly slim at 7.9mm and has good weight distribution so it doesn't feel heavy when you hold it.. The Moto G4 Plus ditches the trademark bottom grille of the Moto G series for a fingerprint sensor. It's not a physical button but it is slightly raised to help you find it by touch alone. The sensor can recognise your fingerprints from any angle and apart from a few intermittent misreads, it works very well all the time.. The buttons on the side are placed well within the reach of your fingertips and the power button has ridges on it to make easily identifiable. The headphones socket and Micro-USB port take their places on the top and bottom respectively.. The back is mostly flat as opposed to the earlier curved designs of Moto G models, apart from the slight bump that's present around the camera module. The 16-megapixel sensor is accompanied by a dual-tone LED flash and a laser autofocus system, which is a substantial upgrade.. Taking off the back cover, you'll see the non-removable 3000mAh battery and slots on the side for a microSD card (up to 128GB) and two Micro-SIMs. The Moto G4 Plus comes with Nano-to-Micro SIM card adapters, which is a thoughtful touch. One feature that's missing is the IP67 certification which earlier variants boasted of.. The retail box contains a TurboPower charger (25W) and a headset. The wall charger is not modular so you will need a separate USB cable for data transfer. The headset looks and feels a bit cheap, in our opinion, and it didn't fit very well in our ears.. In terms of power, the Moto G4 Plus uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 617 SoC, which is an octa-core chip running at 1.5GHz. This is the same SoC that was used in the HTC One A9 ( Review ). You also get 3GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. The phone will also be available with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage at a lower price. Other specifications include 4G LTE (Category 4), Bluetooth 4.1 Low Energy, dual-band Wi-Fi b/g/n, GPS, GLONASS, USB-OTG, and FM radio. As is the case with all Moto smartphones, the G4 Plus runs on a near-stock version of Android, and in this case it is Marshmallow 6.0.1. You get the usual suite of Moto enhancements which include Moto Display and Moto Actions.. The former eliminates the need for a notification LED as it shows you the time and a preview of your notifications unlocking the phone, the moment you move it. There is an LED to the right of the fingerprint sensor but we only noticed it when it briefly lit up while charging the phone. Moto Actions lets you trigger various motion-based gestures, which all work as advertised. There aren't any preloaded apps other than a file manager and the standard suite of Google apps.. Performance Without any bloatware slowing it down, the G4 Plus is one snappy performer. On average, there's about 1.2GB of RAM in use leaving you with plenty to spare. We noticed virtually no slow-downs or lags in animations and when switching between apps. The SoC does get warm quickly when gaming or even when using data or GPS, but it is nothing too alarming. You'll notice a bit of lag in the camera app if the phone is warm, which could be due to the system throttling the CPU speed in order to prevent it from overheating. We got a score of 42,229 in the AnTuTu benchmark and 17fps in GFXbench, which are both respectable.. The gallery app has been replaced with Google's Photos app, which is not the best to be honest but it does its job. The phone manages to handle high-bitrate and full-HD videos well. The Photos app also lets you edit photos and trim videos. Music is handled by the Play Music app, which is functional but FLAC files aren't supported. You do get equalizers for wired headphones as well as the speaker. Those concerned about the lack of stereo sound shouldn't worry as the single speaker in the earpiece is loud enough for alerts and general media playback.. The biggest highlight of the G4 Plus is the camera, which is a 16-megapixel shooter with f/2.0 aperture and Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF). The phone also gets a laser autofocus system to quickly lock on to nearby objects. What's more important is the overhauled camera app. You can use tap-to-focus on your subject and also adjust the exposure with a slider. Long-tapping on your subject will lock the focus, which is helpful. You get more shooting modes too, like slow-motion video, panorama, and a professional mode. The latter really comes in handy when shooting in low light as it lets you adjust the focus, white balance, shutter speed, ISO and exposure compensation. The ISO range is from 100-3200 while maximum shutter speed is 1/5sec. Slow-motion video is fixed at 120fps at 540p resolution.. (Tap to see full size Moto G4 Plus camera samples). Image quality for landscapes and macros in daylight is much better than before. The level of detail is pretty good and the sensor captures fairly accurate colours. We recommend keeping HDR set to Auto as it helps liven up scenes. Pictures taken under artificial lighting look good at first but zooming in reveals a fair bit of colour noise and the level of detail isn't great. Low-light shots exhibit the same issue. Video recording maxes out at 1080p and the quality is good in both daylight and low light. The front camera also manages some detailed selfies when the lighting is good. Another neat addition is the ability to directly read barcodes and QR codes from within the camera app.. Battery life We managed to get 12 hours and 4 minutes of playback time in our video loop test, which is a very good. In actual usage, with both SIM slots occupied, we managed to go nearly a day and half before having to charge the Moto G4 Plus. The phone also supports TurboPower or fast charging for quickly topping up the battery.. Verdict The Moto G4 Plus is a welcome evolution of the Moto G series, which takes it a step further in terms of features and performance. The phone packs in a much needed SoC upgrade which keeps the latest version of Android running smoothly, a fingerprint sensor, a good camera for daylight photography, and all-day battery life. This makes it a very good option in this price range.. The competition is tough, but in our opinion, the Moto G4 Plus has enough merit to stand on its own feet - the biggest one being timely Android updates. The G4 Plus would have been even better though if it retained the water and dust protection of its predecessor, and it wouldn't have hurt to have better low-light performance from the camera.. All said and done, you really can't go wrong with the Moto G4 Plus if you're looking for a dependable low-cost phone that gets nearly everything right.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Sleek design and good build Vivid display Strong battery life Near-stock version of Android Improved camera app Bad No NFC Low-light camera performance is average. Read detailed Motorola Moto G4 Plus review. Moto G4 Plus to Receive Android 8.0 Oreo Update After All, Company Clarifies 'Miscommunication'. Moto Reveals Which Smartphones Will Get Android 8.0 Oreo, Moto G4 Missing From List. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update in India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Further reading: Lenovo , Moto G4 , Moto G4 Plus , Moto G4 Plus features , Moto G4 Plus price , Moto G4 Plus price in India , Moto G4 Plus review , Moto G4 Plus specifications , Motorola , smartphones. Roydon Cerejo Email Roydon More. An armchair fitness freak, loves everything tech. Recovering compulsive hoarder of PC components.. Raspberry Pi Zero Gets a Camera Connector; Keeps $5 Price. Apple Asks US Supreme Court to Rule Against Samsung Over Patents. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
With IP68-rated water-resistant design, moto x⁴ is protected inside and out.. Shop new moto style shells, now in Vibrant CorningⓇ GorillaⓇ Glass designs.. All Moto 360 software and apps. Phones Phones Moto Z Family. Moto Mods Moto Mods Shop all Moto Mods. Special Offers Special Offers Special offers. Software Software Moto software and apps. All Moto 360 software and apps. Community Community Register for updates. Get Help Get Help Product support. Submitted by levim on 04/27/2016 - 14:07. moto e⁴ plus Amazon Prime exclusive. moto g⁵ plus Amazon Prime exclusive. moto g⁴ play Amazon Prime exclusive. Sign up to be the first to learn about specials and news.. By checking this box, I agree to Motorola's Privacy Policy *. MOTOROLA, the Stylized M Logo, MOTO and the MOTO family of marks are trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC. LENOVO is a trademark of Lenovo. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All mobile phones are designed and manufactured by Motorola Mobility LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lenovo.. 
Listed Price : 12,499. Stock Android experience with amazing camera.. The Moto G4 Plus smartphone features a 5.5-inch full HD (1920*1080 pixels) display,a fingerprint scanner embedded into the home button, and is powered by an Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 octa-core 1.5 GHz processor paired with 2GB of RAM. The smartphone also features 16GB internal storage, 16-megapixel rear camera with OmniVision Sensor support, 5-megapixel selfie camera, and a 3,000mAh battery with TurboPower support.. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 octa-core 1.5 GHz Processor. Camera 16 MP with both Laser and PDAF and auto-focus, OmniVision Sensor. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Stock Android experience with amazing camera. Full Specifications of Motorola Moto G4 Plus. 2G Network Technology GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 850, 900, 2100 MHz. 4G Network Technology LTE (B1, 3, 5, 8, 40), VoLTE support. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Display Technology TFT LCD display, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Protection. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 128 GB. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 octa-core 1.5 GHz Processor. Camera resolution 16 MP with both Laser and PDAF and auto-focus, OmniVision Sensor. Secondary Camera 5 MP Wide-angle lens with display flash. Size (L by B by T) 153 x 76.6 x 7.9 mm. Moto G4 Plus will be upgraded to Android 8.0 Oreo, Motorola confirms. Moto G4 Plus will not get Android Oreo update as previously promised. Amazon India smartphone sale: Offers on Apple iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy On8, Moto Z and more. Amazon Great Indian Sale: Apple iPhone SE available at Rs 20,999, Honor 6X at Rs 12,999, JBL GO wireless speakers at Rs 1,799, and more deals. Moto G5 to launch in India today at 12.15 PM; how to watch the livestream online. More on Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Reviews in India. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Features & Specs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Vs LG G5. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Vs LG G4. 13,999 Buy Now. 27,999 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Motorola Moto G4 Plus. nothing special in it as compare to xiaomi redme note 3, and lenovo takeover motorola company i come to know this when i purchase this phone... Review on: Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Shubam Sadapally on Oct 10, 2016. This device from Moto is just another dashing product after Moto G3. The biggest improvement in this device is camera performance, both the rear and ..... Staff on Sep 19, 2017 10:19 AM. Moto G4 Plus will indeed be treated with the sweetness of .... Staff on Sep 18, 2017 03:28 PM. Motorola had earlier promised Android Oreo update for the .... Nandini Yadav on Jun 19, 2017 11:27 AM. Here are some of the best deals in different smartphone .... Deepali Moray on May 11, 2017 12:50 PM. The sale period starts on May 11 and goes on till May .... Marcia Sekhose on Apr 04, 2017 08:53 AM. The Moto G5 will be available exclusively on Amazon .... Write a Review on Motorola Moto G4 Plus. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Never miss out on what matters most. All 3 models are expandable via microSD card slot. microSDXC up to 128 GB. 5.5" (140 mm) 1920 x 1080 (401 ppi ) 1080p with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. MP (16 MP on Moto G4 Plus), f 2.0 aperture , dual CCT dual tone flash, 1080p video recording @ 30 fps , and slow motion record. Prime Exclusive edition [ edit ]. 8MP ( CMOS ) f/ 2.2. 13MP ( CMOS ) f/ 2.0. 16MP ( OmniVision - OV16860 - PureCel ) [14]. 5MP ( OmniVision - OV5693 - CMOS BSI ) [14]. 5MP ( OmniVision - OV5693 - CMOS BSI ) [14]. Moto G4 Play (left), Moto G4 (center), and Moto G4 Plus (right). Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 (for Moto G 4 Play). Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 (for Moto G 4 and Moto G 4 Plus). GHz (Moto G 4 Play). GHz 64-bit (Moto G 4 and Moto G 4 Plus). Adreno 306 (Moto G 4 Play). Adreno 405 (Moto G 4 and Moto G 4 Plus). 1 or 2 GB (Moto G 4 Play). 2 or 3 GB (Moto G 4 ). 2, 3 or 4 GB (Moto G 4 Plus). 8 or 16 GB (Moto G 4 Play). 16 or 32 GB (Moto G 4 ). 16, 32 or 64 GB (Moto G 4 Plus). mAh Li-po removable (Moto G 4 Play). mAh Li-ion non-removable with TurboPower™ charging (Moto G 4 and Moto G 4 Plus). The Moto G4 (often stylized as Moto G 4 ) is an Android smartphone developed by Motorola Mobility , a subsidiary of Lenovo. Announced as the successor to the third-generation Moto G , it was released in Brazil and India on May 17, 2016, followed by the United States on June 28, 2016 with introduction to other markets later. [1] The phones will receive Android security patches, but not on a monthly basis. On February 28, 2017, Lenovo announced its successor, the Moto G5 , with improvements such as more RAM, and more storage. 2.1 Prime Exclusive edition. The Moto G4's hardware design was refreshed, featuring a "water repellent nano-coating", and a camera protrusion. However, unlike the Moto G3, the previous generation, the Moto G4 Plus does not feature IPX7 certification. [4] The device is available in black and white-color versions, with different rear cover and accent colors available for custom order via MotoMaker. The G4 includes a 5.5-inch 1080p display, an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 system-on-chip, and 2/3. The Moto G4 includes either 16 or 32. There is also a dedicated memory storage slot to expanded memory up to 128 GB via MicroSDXC. The device also comes with Moto Actions which supports and responds to motions and gestures. It has a 13-megapixel rear-facing camera, and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera, and an FM radio receiver. [5] The Moto G4 also supports 802.11n Wi-Fi connectivity. The device ships with Android 6.0.1 "Marshmallow". [6] It features a "TurboPower" charger that gives up to six hours of battery life after just 15 minutes of charging. On December 29, 2016 Motorola started rolling out an OTA update to Android 7.0 "Nougat". Motorola has announced that the Moto G4 Plus will be upgradeable to Android 8.0 "Oreo" , although no estimated date has been given. The Moto G4 is available in a standard model, the Moto G4 Play , and the Moto G4 Plus. The Play is a lower-end model with a lower-end camera and a lower screen resolution. [9] The base Moto G4 is a standard, sitting between the Play and the Plus. The Plus is a premium model of fourth generation Moto G which has a fingerprint sensor on the front. It features a 16-megapixel rear camera with infrared phase-detection autofocus, up to 4. GB of RAM and up to 64. Online retailer Amazon.com also offers a Prime Exclusive edition of the G4 (both the 16 GB and 32 GB models) for Amazon Prime members. This version is approximately $50 cheaper than its regular counterpart, and features Amazon advertisements on the lockscreen. The Moto G4 was lauded as a top budget smartphone, with Android Central stating "The Moto G4 represents the ideal experience for an inexpensive Android phone and is a fantastic value." [16] CNet called the G4 an "unbeatable bargain." [17] Others noticed that, unlike the G3 , the price of the G4 did not make it much cheaper than more powerful phones. ^ a b "New Moto G lineup brings 1080p and fingerprint sensors to mid-range phones". Retrieved 17 May 2016. ^ "Motorola confirms that it will not commit to monthly security patches". ^ Moray, Deepali (27 February 2017). "Motorola Moto G5 vs Moto G4: What's new". ^ Singh, Deepak (17 May 2016). "Moto G4 Plus First Impression - Plus Features, Minus Charm - Smartprix Blog". ^ "Moto G4 Play review: The best $150 you can spend on a modern Android smartphone Review | ZDNet". ^ a b "Lenovo fragments Moto G into three models, because it has no idea what we want". Retrieved 17 May 2016. ^ "Moto unveils G4 and G4 Plus smartphones in India". Retrieved 19 May 2016. ^ "Moto G4 will get Android 8.0 Oreo after all, but it might take a while". ^ a b "Meet the Moto G family". Retrieved 5 August 2016. ^ Dolcourt, Jessica (20 July 2016). "Amazon's $150 Moto G4 is an even better deal than the original (hands-on)". Retrieved 13 December 2016. ^ "Moto G Play - Unlocked Android Smartphone". Retrieved 29 June 2016. ^ "Moto G - Unlocked Android Smartphone". Retrieved 29 June 2016. ^ "Moto G Plus - Unlocked Android Smartphone". Retrieved 29 June 2016. ^ a b c "Motorola Moto G4 Plus - Specifications". ^ "Moto G Plus - Unlocked Android Smartphone | Motorola". Retrieved 5 August 2016. "The Best Cheap Android Smartphones of 2017". Retrieved 17 January 2017. Retrieved 17 January 2017. "Moto G4 and G4 Plus review: great phone, no longer quite so budget". Retrieved 16 September 2017 .. Motorola phones and smartphones by series. ROKR (E, EM, W, Z, ZN). Talkabout (T180, T190, T191). Categories : Android (operating system) devices Motorola mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2016 Touchscreen mobile phones. Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. भोजपुरी Català മലയാളം मराठी Português Українська Tiếng Việt. This page was last edited on 1 February 2018, at 02:47. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
I have read and agreed to the Officeworks Privacy Policy and Collection Statement and the Officeworks Terms of Use .. We'll email you the contents of your shopping cart, so you can easily continue where you left off on your next visit.. http://www.instagram.com/officeworks and the youtube channel. Business Bags, Luggage & Travel Accessories. Officeworks can help you find the right desk.. Find the right chair to unleash your productivity.. Professional graphic designs when you need them.. Our team will help you with the right print solutions for your business.. Download our Product & Services Price Guide. Send parcels for less, with Mailman.. Free Metro Delivery on orders over $55*. Free 2 Hour Click & Collect on stocked items in-store #. Business Bags, Luggage & Travel Accessories. Heavy Duty Hole Punches & Accessories. USB & Firewire Cables and Adapters. USB Type C Cables & Adapters. Samsung & Microsoft Cases & Keyboards. iPhone 8 Plus Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 8 Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 7 Plus Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 7 Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 6 Plus & 6S Plus Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 6 & 6S Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 5, 5S, 5C & SE Cases & Screen Protectors. Unmanaged 10 / 100 M Switches. Photo & Video Editing Software Download. Antivirus & Internet Security Software Download. Cling Wrap, Aluminium Foil & Baking Paper. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Black. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Black has a SKU of. MOMOTG416B a product ID of. MOMOTG416B and a Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) of. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus comes equipped with a 16 MP camera, making it a perfect option for any keen photographer. The phone offers plenty of security options, including a fingerprint scanner which allows you to instantly access your phone using your fingerprint as a passcode. This phone comes with 16 GB of memory, and can be expanded with a microSD by up to 128 GB, ensuring that you have enough space for music, photos and more. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Black is rated. 0 is the minimum rating.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Black for the price of. Accidental Damage, Accidental Loss and Theft Plan. This product is eligible for Product Insurance. Product Insurance will repair, replace or pay the Cover Amount for your device for damage caused by Accidental Damage (knocks, drops or liquid spills). It will replace or pay the Cover Amount for your device for Accidental Loss or Theft that can be substantiated. An excess is applicable for all claims. Repair excess is $75.00 per claim. Replacement excess is $130.00 per claim. Consider the DevicEnsure Combined Product Disclosure Statement and Financial Services Guide to decide whether this insurance is right for you.. Product Disclaimer: Officeworks cares greatly about the safety of our customers and makes every effort to ensure that the images, descriptions and formulations of each product we sell are accurate and up to date. However, product formulas can change and there may be slight delays in updating the information online. If you have particular concerns about the materials or ingredients used in this product, please read the label carefully on the product or contact the manufacturer for the most up to date information.. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus comes equipped with a 16 MP camera, making it a perfect option for any keen photographer. The phone offers plenty of security options, including a fingerprint scanner which allows you to instantly access your phone using your fingerprint as a passcode. This phone comes with 16 GB of memory, and can be expanded with a microSD by up to 128 GB, ensuring that you have enough space for music, photos and more.. This phone has a 5.5" Full HD display, so that your images look crisp and clear.. The 16 MP rear camera is perfect for anyone who loves taking snaps throughout the day.. It also features a 5 MP front camera so that you can make video calls from your mobile phone.. This phone has 2 GB of RAM.. The phone comes with 16 GB of memory, and can be expanded a further 128 GB with a micro SD card, ensuring you have enough space for photos, music and more.. It uses Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating software, allowing you to use the latest apps and features.. It can record 1080p HD video at 30 fps.. This phone can run multiple apps at once without slowing down thanks to the Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 octa-core processor.. It features a wide range of connectivity options including Micro USB, 3.5 mm, Bluetooth 4.2 LE, wireless 802.11 a/b/g/n and more.. It includes a 12 month warranty for your peace of mind.. It features TurboPower charging which gives you up to 6 hours of use off a 15 minute charge.. The fingerprint reader offers better security and a quicker way to unlock your phone.. 100W x 76D x 168H mm. GSM 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 1900 MHz; HSDPA 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1900 MHz, 2100 MHz; LTE 1 (2100 MHz), 3 (1800 MHz), 5 (850 MHz), 7 (2600 MHz), 8 (900 MHz), 20 (800 MHz), 28 (700 MHz), 40 (2300 MHz ). Enter your postcode below for delivery times and cost for your area.. Below is general information about the Officeworks Delivery Policy. Your final delivery cost will be calculated in the checkout for your order.. We offer Free Next Day Local Delivery for orders over $55 or more, to local areas. Larger items and Special Orders can take longer.. We offer Standard Next Day Delivery for orders of $55 or more to metro areas of Brisbane, Melbourne, Geelong, Perth and Sydney.. We offer Same Day Delivery for in stock orders that are ordered before 11:30am and delivered to metro areas of Brisbane, Melbourne, Geelong, Perth and Sydney.. Orders for in stock items placed after 11:30 will be delivered the following business day to metro areas of Brisbane, Melbourne, Geelong, Perth and Sydney.. Larger items and special orders incur additional delivery fees as they require extra handling and take longer to transport. The amount will be calculated at the checkout and is dependent on the size of the item purchased.. If your order also weighs over 200kg, it may be subject to an additional delivery fee. When this fee applies, one of our Customer Service Team Members will contact you prior to shipment with the total delivery cost.. During the 'wet season', deliveries to the Northern Territory and Northern Queensland may take longer due to adverse weather conditions.. For the latest information based on your post code, simply use our delivery estimator in the online shopping cart or call our Customer Service Team on 1300 633 423 from Monday to Friday, 8am-8pm (AEST).. Get email updates with our latest catalogues, new products, tips and advice.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for moto g4 plus case. All Listings - Current page. results for moto g4 plus case. Save moto g4 plus case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow moto g4 plus case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Shockproof Brushed Soft TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4/G4 Plus/Play/G3/E 3. Shockproof TPU+PC 2in1 Hybrid Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4/G4 Plus/G4 Play. For Motorola Moto G4 Plus Credit Card Slot Holder Case Stand Hard Armor Cover. Tactical Holster Case Combo for Motorola MOTO E4 G5 Plus G4 Play Droid Turbo. Captain America US Flag Phone Case for iPhone X 8 PLUS Samsung 8 LG Moto etc. For Motorola Moto G4 C E4 G5 G5S Plus Luxury Flip Card Wallet Leather Case Cover. Soft TPU Protective Case Cover Back Skin For Motorola Moto G G2 G3 G4 G5 E3 E4. For Motorola Moto G5S Plus Shockproof Armor Carbon Fiber Hybrid Brush Cover Case. For MOTO E4 Plus G5 Plus Shockproof Silicone Hybrid Soft Bumper TPU Case Cover. Shockproof Brushed Soft TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 Plus/Play/G3/E 3/M. Case G5 Plus Mirror Back Rubber Crystal Clear Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus G5. Wallet Flip Leather Stand Embossing Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5 G6 Plus. For MOTO G4 G5 G5S Plus Z Play 360° Slim Matte Shockproof Hard Back Case Cover. Dr Who British Flag Phone Case fits iPhone X 8 PLUS 8 Samsung LG HTC Moto etc. Boombox Stereo Design Phone Case for iPhone X 8 PLUS Samsung 8 LG Moto etc. Rugged Armor Shockproof Hybrid Cover Case For Motorola Moto G4/Plus/Play/G 3/E3/M. For Motorola Moto G5/G4/G6 Plus Shockproof Hybrid Armor Rugged Hard Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 G4 Plus Simply Clear Acrylic Shockproof Case Cover. Luxury Flip Leather Magnetic Wallet Stand Card Case Cover For MOTO E4 G5S Plus. For MOTO G4 G5 Plus Luxury Flip Leather Magnetic Wallet Card Stand Case Cover. Slim Silicone Clear Soft TPU Skin Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4/Plus/Play. For Samsung Galaxy S8 / S8 Plus Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Phone Case Cover. Clear Scratch Resistant Shockproof Cover for Moto G4 Case, Moto G4 Plus Case. For Rugged Phone Cover Holster Case MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN US FLAG LuxGuard. For Motorola Moto G4 G5 G6 Plus Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof Hard PC Case Cover. For Motorola E4 Plus C G5S G6/4 Shockproof Carbon Fiber Slim Soft TPU Case Cover. Shockproof Brushed Carbon Fiber TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5s Plus G6. For Moto G4 G5 G5S Plus PU Leather Wallet Case Mask Phone Cover Flip Kickstand. Shockproof Soft TPU Phone Case Brushed Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5 Plus/Play. For Motorola Moto G G4 G5 Phones - Leather Wallet Stand Magnetic Flip Case Cover. Ultra-thin Shockproof Carbon Fiber Soft Case For Motorala Moto G6 G5s Plus G4 E4. Luxury Book Wallet Photo Frame Holder Flip PU Leather Cover 9 Card Slots Case #. Flip Leather Wallet Case Card Case Cover For Motorola Moto G5 / G5 Plus G4 Plus. Ultra Slim Matte Case Plain Fitted Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4/G4 Plus Skin. Slim Carbon Fiber Soft TPU Rubber Back Cover Case For Motorala Moto G4 G5 Plus. Rugged Armor Shockproof Hybrid Back Cover Case For Motorola Moto G4 G5 G5S Plus. Hybrid Armor Shockproof Rugged Rubber Hard Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 Plus. [FREE] Tempered Glass | Ringke [FUSION] Clear Protective Case for Moto G4 Plus. For Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1625 XT1644 Protective Hybrid Armor Case Kickstand. New Hybrid Brushed Shockproof Rugged Impact Armor Case Cover For Motorola Phones. Soft TPU Protective Case Cover Back Skin For Motorola Moto G5 Plus G3 G4 Play E4. For Motorola Moto G4 Plus Case Hybrid Tough Hard Armor Stand Cover +Clip Holster. For MOTO G5S Plus G4 Plus Luxury Canvas Leather Magnetic Wallet Card Case Cover. For Motorola Moto M G4 G5 G6 Z Play Case Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof Hard Cover. For Motorola Moto G5s G4 G5 E4 C Plus Soft TPU Protective Cases Cover Back Skin. Shockproof Brushed Carbon Fiber TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5 X Z Play. Butterfly Leather Flip Case Cover Card Holder Wallet For Motorola Moto G3 G4 G5+. Retro Pattern Leather Flip Wallet Phone Case Cover for iPhone 6 6s Plus Samsung. For Motorola Moto G4 G6 E4 X4 G5S Plus Shockproof Soft PU Skin Back Case Cover. Shockproof Matte Slim Hard Back Cover Case Skin For Motorola G4 G5s Plus M Zplay. For Motorola Moto G4 Play G5/G5S Plus Hot Genuine Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For MOTO G4 G5 G5S Plus X4 E4 C Plus Shockproof Clear Slim TPU Cover Case. Brushed Shockproof Hybrid Card Kickstand Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4/G4 Plus. Armor Kickstand Shockproof Cover Case For Motorola MOTO X4 C X Z G4 G5 Plus Play. For Motorola Moto G4 G5 Plus /Sony Z5 Flip Leather Stand Wallet Case Cover Shell. Vintage Leather Wallet Magnetic Flip Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5 G6 Plus. Motorola Moto G4 G4 Plus XT1644 XT1622 Battery Back Rear Door Cover Case Housing. For Motorola Moto G4 G5 G5S G6 Plus Flip Stand Painted Wallet Leather Case Cover. Happy Easter Eggs Phone Case for iPhone X 8 PLUS 8 Samsung Note LG HTC Moto etc. Fit Motorola G4 Case, Moto G4 Plus Case Hybrid Cover w/ Credit Card Holder Stand. High Quality Shockproof Case for Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. G3.G4 PLAY.G5S G5S PLUS.MOTO C MOTO E4 .E4PLUS + STYLUS. 2017 New Style Cover for iPhone 7 Plus ,Ship in 24h !. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
News / Features / How-To / Opinions / Top 10 / Gallery / Video. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Phones / HDTV / Gaming / Apps / Tablets / Cameras / Printers / Software. Oppo Unveils the F1s smartphone in India. Reliance LYF Smartphones Get A Price Cut. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. The Moto G4 Plus is an affordable midrange smartphone that gives you solid hardware, a crisp 1080p display, and broad carrier compatibility, but the competition is fierce. The Moto G4 Plus is an affordable midrange smartphone that gives you solid hardware, a crisp 1080p display, and broad carrier compatibility, but the competition is fierce.. Design, Features, and Display The G4 Plus isn't particularly eye-catching, especially if you don't get it from MotoMaker , which allows you to customize the color and accents. Built of black polycarbonate and gray metal, its dull look is balanced by a sturdy-feeling build. The front is a pane of glass, the sides are made of slick metal, and the back cover is stiff plastic. It doesn't look as premium as the all-metal Huawei Honor 5X , but it doesn't exactly feel cheap either. Network Performance and Connectivity The phone supports an extensive array of bands, including CDMA, which is rare for an unlocked Android phone. The Plus comes packed with CDMA (850, 1900MHz), GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), UMTS (850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz), and LTE bands (1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/25/26/41). This means you can use the Plus on all major carriers. I was able to make voice calls and use data on AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon. However, I primarily tested network performance on T-Mobile since it tends to be the carrier with the best speeds in our midtown Manhattan test area. The G4 Plus fared well, managing a 20Mbps download speed outdoors, and a respectable 7Mbps indoors. Processor, Battery, and Camera Powered by a quad-core Snapdragon 617 processor, a solid midrange chipset, the phone scored 47,210 on the AnTuTu benchmark, which tests overall system performance. The G4 shares nearly identical hardware and scored a similar 46,260. The MediaTek MT6753-powered Blu Life One X doesn't score as high (37,974), but still manages to hold its own in general usage. Naturally, the OnePlus 3 with its Snapdragon 820 processor is blazing fast by comparison, scoring 141,429. Software and Conclusions The phone runs stock Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. There are no real UI changes to speak of aside from the addition of Motorola ID in the settings menu, which links you to your Motorola account. Even better, there's no bloatware, not even stock apps. The only pre-installed app you'll find aside from Google apps is the Moto app which helps you set up gestures and display notifications. Twist your wrist to launch the camera, chop to turn on the flashlight, and turn the phone over to stop notifications. However, there's no double tap to wake, nor are there additional voice commands aside from the default "OK Google" integration.. Motorola's Moto G4 Plus and the G4 are successors to the Motorola Moto G , a phone that won our Editors' Choice award last year for the best affordable smartphone. The unlocked phone market has changed considerably since then, leading to a flood of ultra-affordable devices that offer solid performance and the latest software. The G4 Plus ($249.99, 16GB ROM, 2GB RAM, $299, 64GB ROM, 4GB RAM) is nestled in an awkward spot when you compare it with its rivals. It has significantly better hardware than lower-end phones, but it's priced close enough to the top-tier OnePlus 3 and ZTE Axon 7 that most consumers are likely to opt for one of those phones to get the best bang for their buck.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. With dimensions of 6.02 by 3.02 by 0.39 inches (HWD) and a weight of 5.47 ounces, the G4 Plus doesn't stand out as the most svelte phone you'll find. The OnePlus 3 (6.01 by 2.94 by 0.29 inches, 5.57 ounces) is a bit thinner, and the Blu Life One X (5.89 by 2.90 by 0.34 inches, 4.97 ounces) is half an ounce lighter. That said, I can comfortably use it with a single hand, which is a good thing for a 5.5-inch phone.. Some aspects of the Plus' design which are a bit unusual. The square fingerprint scanner works reasonably well, though it isn't as fast as the scanner on the OnePlus 3. The main issue is that its placement on the bottom lip of the phone is awkward because the scanner doesn't double as the Home button. Placing your thumb on the sensor will wake your phone up from sleep and unlock the lock screen, but when you're swiping through screens or in an app, pressing it won't return you to home. After unlocking your phone, you'll have to move your thumb up and use the on-screen buttons. Aside from that, you'll find a power button and volume rocker on the right side, a micro USB charging port on the bottom, and a 3.5mm audio jack up top. Lifting off the back panel offers to access to the SIM card and microSD card slots. The latter worked fine with our 200GB SanDisk card in testing.. The 5.5-inch 1,920-by-1,080 IPS display is particularly impressive. The resolution works out to 401 pixels per inch, which is the same density you'll find on the Apple iPhone 6s Plus and the Huawei Honor 5X. Color reproduction is highly accurate, comparing favorably to the 6s Plus, and viewing angles are good. Text and game graphics appear crisp. Direct sunlight visibility is good when the screen is set to maximum brightness. I don't recommend using the auto-brightness setting, as it tends to make the display too dim.. Voice calls on the G4 Plus are of good quality. Transmissions are clear and free from garbling or robotic tones. Noise cancellation is strong, and transmissions came through without a hint of background noise. The earpiece is loud but tinny, and you can easily carry on a conversation in a noisy environment.. The G4 Plus supports dual-band Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, but you won't find NFC, so there's no support for Android Pay. At this price, it feels like the feature should be included.. With 4GB of RAM, the Plus manages to avoid major slowdowns, but it does exhibit a small degree of latency when transitioning between apps. You won't run out of memory, but if you have a lot of apps open you'll start to notice some stuttering, even if you haven't come close to the RAM usage limit. Intensive games like GTA San Andreas and Pokemon Go showed sluggish controls and noticeable lag when driving around on the map in my tests. The issue is more pronounced on the G4, which only packs 2GB of RAM. The Blu Life One X also has its slowdowns, but it's half the price of the G4 Plus, which makes it tougher to complain about.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life is solid despite the bright 1080p display. The phone clocked 6 hours and 1 minute in our rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum screen brightness. It's a much stronger runtime than the Life One X (4 hours, 4 minutes), but neither device can hold a candle to the OnePlus 3, which manages an impressive 9 hours and 48 minutes. You should have no trouble getting a full day of use. The battery isn't removable, but the Plus supports Motorola's proprietary Turbo charging when using the included adapter, yielding 6 hours of regular use from 15 minutes of charge.. The 16-megapixel rear-facing camera sounds good on paper, but it doesn't perform much better than the 13-megapixel sensor on the G4, or the Honor 5X. Pictures are clear with good color and minimal noise. Color reproduction is accurate, though the green of plants and other foliage appeared darker than usual in my tests. The camera's laser autofocus is quick and does focus noticeably faster than the G4's camera, which lacks the feature. The 5-megapixel front camera managed to take good, color-accurate pictures in most test shots. The phone records 1080p video at clear and stable 30fps. The camera app is sluggish, though, and is often slow to switch to video or the front sensor. Low-light shots are grainy, which is to typical for phones in this price range. Overall, the camera is good, but not exceptional. You'll get much better performance from the camera on the OnePlus 3.. I received the 64GB model of the G4 Plus, which has an ample 52.19GB of storage is available out of the box. It's more than enough room for all your apps, pictures, video, and games. If you get the smaller, 16GB version you may want to invest in a microSD card.. For $300, the Moto G4 Plus is a capable midrange phone, and a good option if you're concerned about cross-carrier compatibility since it supports both CDMA and GSM along with numerous LTE bands. But its sibling the G4 costs $80 less by losing the fingerprint sensor and 2GB of RAM. It offers the same degree of carrier compatibility and almost identical performance, making it the better pick among the two. If you're not likely to be switching carriers, the OnePlus 3 provides a better value. For $100 more you get higher performance, a better camera, a nicer build, and a much longer battery life. If your budget is limited, the Blu Life One X will give you solid performance for half the price.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. Samsung launches Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus for "the visual and social generation". Available for pre-order on March 2nd.. Uber launches cheaper Express Pool, similar to Ola’s Ride Share Express. Express Pool will be up to 50% cheaper than the standard Pool. This 3-D-printed device turns a smartphone into fully operational microscope. The clip-on microscope requires no external power or light source to work. HDD: What is the future of mainstream storage?. With technology and data going hand in hand, hard drives and solid .... Researchers get closer to creating a DNA-based file system. The new invention will makes it easier to store and retrieve data .... About About PCMagazine Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. PCMag India is operated by Times Internet Limited under license from ZiffDavis. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Community Category Board Knowledge base Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Community Category Board Knowledge base Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Moto G4 / Moto G4 Plus / Moto G4 Play. Float this item to the top. moto g4 plus charging/not charging issue ("ghost touch"). Display problem - Screen Burn In. Nougat update news for ALL G4. Looking for help with your Moto phone?. Native Google search bar doesn't respond after first tap. Moto G4 plus does not turbocharge when on. Heating issues in Moto G4 plus. How do I get rid of the yellow triangle?. G4+ Restarting it self while opening any google related app. MOTOG4PLUS:NO INFO ABOUT DEVICES CONNECTED TO HOTSPOT. Im Not getting any incoming calls , it says out of network or switch off. Moto g4 plus sim2 slot is not working. Nougat update news for ALL G4. GPS problem in my moto g4 plus. G4 Play screen keeps turning on with no reason when lying on a table. Moto g4 plus Phone slow & battery drain. Moto G4 shows a ray symbol inside of circle while press power buttom. Not able to access Home Screen, keep getting messages "Google keeps stopping" close app or send feed. Moto G4 unable to connect via USB to Windows XP PC. Moto G4 Play (Verizon) Network Issue after Naugat 7.1.1. Airtel VOLTE is not Working in Moto G4 Plus. Nougat 7.1.1 update g4 play volume low. Turbo Charge not working in Moto G4 plus when it's on.. Volte not work on Moto G4 plus. Unable to activate Android system web view in playstore. Moto g4 plus bluetooth not working. Please review our Guidelines before posting.. Moto C & Moto C Plus. MOTO E™ 4th Gen / MOTO E™ 4th Gen Plus. Moto G4 / Moto G4 Plus / Moto G4 Play. Moto G5 / Moto G5 Plus. MOTO G / MOTO G 4G LTE 1st Gen. MOTO G 2nd Gen / Moto G 4G LTE 2nd Gen. Moto G5S / Moto G5S Plus. Moto X Pure / Moto X Style. Moto Z Phones - Mod Capable. DROID RAZR HD and RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. DROID RAZR and DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola. MOTO 360™ 2nd Gen & Sport. I want to be a MOTOXPRT. MOTOROLA PHOTON™ Q 4G LTE - UNLOCKED. Business applications / VPN / document management. MOTO G4 Plus moto g4 Moto g4 Motog4plus Battery g4 plus Moto_Joy ghost touch Nougat bluetooth moto g4 play update motog4 battery drain moto g screen VoLTE WiFi Camera Android motorola display drain problem heating help notification nougat update SIM. Re: Google Play Protect destroyed Bluetooth / deleted APP bluetooth-share. Re: Moto G4 PLus: Bluetooth will not turn on. Android O update(8.0) for Moto G4 plus. Re: Android O update(8.0) for Moto G4 plus. Moto G4 PLus: Bluetooth will not turn on. © 2018 Motorola Mobility LLC. MOTOROLA and the Stylized M Logo are registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC. Android, Google, Google Play, Nexus and other marks are trademarks of Google Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License.. † Advanced nano-coating technology creates a water repellant barrier to help protect against moderate exposure to water such as accidental spills, splashes or light rain. Not designed to be submersed in water, or exposed to pressurized water, or other liquids; Not waterproof.. 1 Deferred Interest Minimum Payment Required Promotional Plans: Interest will be charged to your account (at the standard variable Purchase APR 29.24%) from the purchase date if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period or if you make a late payment. Minimum monthly payments are required for this plan during the promotional period. For the 6 and 12 month credit plans, the length of the promotional period will be determined by the purchase amount and will not exceed 6 or 12 months respectively. Required minimum $549 pre-tax purchase for the 18 month credit plan.. $25 Budget Pay Plan: Interest is assessed on qualifying purchases at an APR of 9.99% from the date of purchase through the end of the promotional period. After that, the standard variable Purchase APR of 29.24% will apply. The length of the promotional period will be determined by the purchase amount and will not exceed 24 months. Fixed $25 minimum payments are required on this Credit Plan during the promotional period. Please Note: If you make only the minimum payment, you may not repay the promotional balance before the promotional period ends and the APR increases. Maximum purchase under this Credit Plan is $1300.. Motorola Credit Accounts are offered by Comenity Capital Bank who determines qualifications for credit and promotion eligibility. Standard variable Purchase APR of 29.24%, based on the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge is $2 per credit plan. 2 Standard variable Purchase APR of 29.24%, based on the Prime Rate. Minimum Interest charged is $2.99 per credit plan.. Applies to clearance accessories only, not clearance phones or other devices. For every two clearance accessories, the one of equal or lesser value will appear free when you add both items to your cart.. Please read the terms and conditions for details that include exclusions, limitations, how to make a claim, cancel coverage, and list of coverage providers.. *Moto Display is available on the Moto X (1st Gen, 2nd Gen.), DROID Turbo, DROID Ultra, Moto Maxx/Turbo and Moto X Pro.. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Android, Google, and other marks are trademarks of Google Inc.. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Motorola Moto G4 Plus: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto G4 Plus es una versión mejorada del Moto G4. Si bien conserva su pantalla 1080p de 5.5 pulgadas y su procesador octa-core Snapdragon 617, sus características mejoran con un lector de huellas dactilares y una cámara principal de 16 MP, superior a la del iPhone 6s, según Motorola. También tiene en sus especificaciones 2GB o 3GB de RAM, 32GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara frontal de 5 MP y corre Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Características principales. Android 6.0.1 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto G4 Plus. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 9.8 mm. y un peso de 157 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto G4 Plus tiene una pantalla de 5.5" con una resolución de 1080 x 1920 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto G4 Plus encontramos un procesador Snapdragon 617 1.5GHz, acompañado de 2GB/3GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 32GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto G4 Plus tiene una resolución de 16 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 3000 mAh. Pantalla 5.5", 1080 x 1920 pixels Procesador Snapdragon 617 1.5GHz 2GB/3GB RAM. 32GB, microSD Cámara: 16 MP. OS: Android 6.0.1 Perfil: 9.8 mm Peso: 157 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto G4 Plus. basado en 8 experiencias. Cámara de alta resolución (16MP) Amplia memoria RAM (2/3GB) Procesador octa-core 64 bits Muy buena densidad de pixels (401ppi). Motorola Moto G4 Plus características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto G4 Plus. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE (3, 5, 7, 28). 153 x 76.6 x 7.9~9.8 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Resistente al polvo y agua. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 32GB memoria interna, 2GB/3GB RAM. - Procesador octa-core Qualcomm MSM8952 Snapdragon 617 1.5 GHz, GPU Adreno 405. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS. 16 MP, f/2.0, autofoco por detección de fase y láser, flash LED dual (tono dual), foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 1080p@30fps; cámara frontal 5 MP f/2.2. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct; banda dual. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. Funciones clave Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Hay 293 opiniones del Motorola Moto G4 Plus .. Aun no llevo 1 año con este celular y van 2 veces que lo meto a garantía, una vez por que la pantalla dejo de funcionar, y la segunda por que se apagaba de la nada. no esta mal el equipo, recién adquirí uno y va sin ninguna traba (y eso que ya le metí todas las aplicaciones que uso). Se carga de volada (se calienta de mas con la carga turbo, pero es entendible que haga eso). es bueno para un gama media de sus caracteristicas. Estoy pensando en instalarle una custom rom, ¿Creen que la resurrection Remix sea buena para este equipo (Es la custom rom que mas me gusta)?. malisimo el cel la batería se rompió a los 5 meses, de la nada se reinicia , o no te prende , la huella digital te la lee abecés , e cualquier cosa se calienta super rápido y no te anda la pantalla,. En dos semanas de uso me dejó de leer la tarjeta SIM,en ninguna de las dos entradas, que puede ser?. entonces me recomiendan el modelo si o no ?. Es hermoso mi moto G4 plus. Lo amo, tenía un moto E4 plus y lo cambié por este, obviamente le dura un poco menos la batería ya que el E4 plus tiene batería de 5.000mah, pero no me quejo de este porque le dura un día y medio usándolo a full, súper rápido, no se traba, me encantaría y amo Motorola 😍. La pantalla fantasma no se quita con actualizaciones., Eso es debido a que se queman píxeles de la pantalla y la única solución es cambiar de pantalla.. Lo De La pantalla Fantasma Se Le Quitara Cuando Actualizen A Android Oreo?. Alguien ya tiene solución a la pantalla fantasma, ya he probado con varias aplicaciones de poner el celular 8 horas con colores primarios y nada, esto ya es bastante molesto, alguien que conteste rápido.. calentamiento de batería : si, cuando dejas que se termine casi completamente.. ** Es normal que se caliente un poco y esto sucede porque ES CARGA RÁPIDA se calienta solo al arranque de tener 0 ó 9% hasta el 50% se calienta pasando como ese puente por asi decirlo de energia(carga rapida solo se enfria y termina de cargar perfectamente a temperatura normal.. se vuelve loco : Solo si lo utilizas mal.. **A mi nuca se me ha trabado ni alucinado la pantalla creo que estan abriendo paginas maliciosas seamos cinceros es como una computadora si entras a sitios no seguros pasa eso. no se escucha : Falso ,. A decir verdad se escucha muy fuerte , volvemos al tema del uso, todo depende del usuario.. resiste golpes : si, solo con carcasa de goma.. ** Desde nuevo le compre protector de silicon, y protector de pantalla de cristal, siendo sincera se me ha caido varias veces altura de 1.20 un metro y sigue vivo sin raspones.. ** se me ha mjadoligeramente con la lluvia, con el vapor de la ducha en fin... Conclusiones : Es un celular barato que contiene buena camara, tiene buen almacenamiento obvio si bajas miles de juegos no creas que es invensible obvio se trabara ( a mi no me ha pasado). Buena cámara saca bonitas fotos y videos (lo malo cuando hay poca luz pues no salen super bien las fotos pero siempre hay alternativas de aclarar las imagenes. La carga es rapida se carga aprox.. como en una hora-hora y media no recuerdo pero te dura perfecto todo un dia. OJO si lo cargas con un cargador que no es el original pasa todo lo que an descrito anteriormente se vuelve loco hace que ya cargo al 100% y despues 5 m.. ya no tienen nada ESO ES LO QUE DAÑA EL EQUIPO poner otro cargador .. En mi caso lo compre en BEST BUY llego bien tarjeta dual... ( puedo tener dos lineas y todo bien por cierto lo tengo en telcel... Quequen todos los factores de uso... El mio después de 10 meses sigue como nuevo ... Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto G4 Plus - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 293. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto G4 Plus. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto G4 Plus. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto G4 Plus a otros usuarios. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > Motorola. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Moto G4 Plus smartphone comes with a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display with a 1080x1920 resolution and 401ppi density. From within its surface, the device runs on an Octa-Core 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor with 4GB of RAM, the Adreno 405 GPU, and an internal storage of 64GB. There is a microSD card slot for up to 128GB memory expansion. On the back of the device is a 16MP camera with 1080p HD video recording. In front, there is a 5MP camera. The device comes with a non-removable Li-Ion 3,000 mAh battery. Color options available include Black and White. Upon release, the Moto G4 Plus runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Narrowing down the best budget smartphones of 2016 was no easy task.. Expert Review User reviews. Save $100 on Moto X4 Now: $299.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. 25% off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+.. Up to $50 off Moto G5s Plus from $249.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $40 off Moto G5 Plus from $209.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $30 off the Moto E4 Plus Was: $179.99 Now: $149.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Limited Time Offer on Maxboost iPhone 8 Plus Privacy Screen Protector.. Limited Time Offer on Trianium iPhone 8 Plus wallet case.. Limited Time Offer on Cosco 2000 Plus Self-Inking Type Size 1 Micro Message Dater (011090).. Limited Time Offer on Save $40 on the Moto G5 Plus Prime Exclusive. Limited Time Offer on JETech 2-Pack iPhone 6/6s Plus Screen Protector.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Sony Xperia XA Ultra Samsung Galaxy S7 Active LG K8 V Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On5 LG K3 Kyocera DuraXTP Sony Xperia X. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Tablet / Data-Only Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus currently has an Informr score of 7.6 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 29. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. The Moto G4 Plus takes everything that reviewers are raving about with the G4 and adds a little more power and options. Many of the features remain the same--including the screen size, resolution and processor.. Upgrades included with the G4 Plus include:. - 16MP rear camera - TurboPower charger included - Options for 16, 32 and 64GB of internal storage - Options for 2, 3 and 4GB of RAM - Fingerprint scanner. For a more information on what others are saying about this phone, please visit our Moto G4 review summary !. At a starting price of Rs 13,499, the Moto G4 Plus is a compelling buy. It performs well, runs on stock android and has a superb display and fingerprint sensor. However, the mediocre battery life, the underwhelming camera and the all plastic build let it down.. If you can get past its few flaws, the Moto G4 Plus is probably the best smartphone in its price range. But if you absolutely need a better camera or want a metal phone, you might have to look at slightly more expensive phones.. All things considered, while not bad in any way, the Moto G4 Plus is likely destined to live in the shadow of its generic sibling. The camera and fingerprint upgrades it offers aren't really all that impressive. However, at a 25% price increase, they do harm the value aspect the Moto G family has co.... The original Moto G and its follow-up were small victories for consumers; they offered mid-range performance for rock-bottom prices. Moto G was good enough where it mattered, so much so that you could forget you were using a budget phone. The Moto G4 Plus wants to do the same, but it's a cheap phone.... Rounding out the Moto G4 Plus’ appealing list of attributes is its speedy character when editing photos, browsing the web, or moving from one app to the next. Yes, the Snapdragon 617 will bog down under heavy demand from certain games, but other than that the device is transparent in how it ju.... Motorola released the Moto G4 Plus on May 18, 2016.. The Moto G4 Plus price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Motorola Moto G4 Plus prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Moto G4 Plus manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto G4 Plus user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto G4 Plus with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Moto G4 Plus problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto G4 Plus has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 How to remove 'restricted data usage' on the Motorola Moto G4 Plus?. 1 Can I get the bill for my Motorola Moto G4 Plus?. 1 Why is my Motorola Moto G4 Plus not playing videos and music?. 2 Why is my Motorola Moto G4 Plus battery draining quickly?. 2 Can I install software update in Hindi language in my Motorola Moto G4 Plus?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus's screen size is 5.5 inches with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 Octa core 1.5 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow (Update Available: 7.0 Nougat) operating system (OS).. You can take photos with the phone's onboard 16+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3000 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1253 minutes, 667 minutes Wi-Fi surfing.. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow (Update Available: 7.0 Nougat). Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 Octa core 1.5 GHz. Head: 1.23 W/kg Body: 1.1 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.3 x 7.7 x 0.8 cm (6 x 3 x 0.3 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Image stabilization, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, MP4, M4A, WMA, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Other Names (AKA): Motorola Moto G Plus Variation: Motorola Moto G4 Plus with 4 GB RAM. Quick Start Guide (PDF) Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto G4 Plus Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto G4 Plus. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /850/900/1800/2600/2500 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Great screen and performance marred by an underwhelming battery. At a starting price of Rs 13,499, the Moto G4 Plus is a compelling buy. It performs well, runs on stock android and has a superb display and fingerprint sensor. However, the mediocre battery life, the underwhelming camera and the all plastic build let it down.. At a starting price of Rs 13,499, the Moto G4 Plus is a compelling buy. It performs well, runs on stock android and has a superb display and fingerprint sensor. However, the mediocre battery life, the underwhelming camera and the all plastic build let it down.. Not perfect, but it manages to pack a lot into a $300 package. If you can get past its few flaws, the Moto G4 Plus is probably the best smartphone in its price range. But if you absolutely need a better camera or want a metal phone, you might have to look at slightly more expensive phones.. If you can get past its few flaws, the Moto G4 Plus is probably the best smartphone in its price range. But if you absolutely need a better camera or want a metal phone, you might have to look at slightly more expensive phones.. All things considered, while not bad in any way, the Moto G4 Plus is likely destined to live in the shadow of its generic sibling. The camera and fingerprint upgrades it offers aren't really all that impressive. However, at a 25% price increase, they do harm the value aspect the Moto G family has come to be known for.. All things considered, while not bad in any way, the Moto G4 Plus is likely destined to live in the shadow of its generic sibling. The camera and fingerprint upgrades it offers aren't really all that impressive. However, at a 25% price increase, they do harm the value aspect the Moto G family has come to be known for.. A bargain, but one that will most likely let you down. The original Moto G and its follow-up were small victories for consumers; they offered mid-range performance for rock-bottom prices. Moto G was good enough where it mattered, so much so that you could forget you were using a budget phone. The Moto G4 Plus wants to do the same, but it's a cheap ph... The original Moto G and its follow-up were small victories for consumers; they offered mid-range performance for rock-bottom prices. Moto G was good enough where it mattered, so much so that you could forget you were using a budget phone. The Moto G4 Plus wants to do the same, but it's a cheap phone that feels cheap, and it won't let you forget it. The best mid-range value out there. Rounding out the Moto G4 Plus’ appealing list of attributes is its speedy character when editing photos, browsing the web, or moving from one app to the next. Yes, the Snapdragon 617 will bog down under heavy demand from certain games, but other than that the device is transparent in how it... Rounding out the Moto G4 Plus’ appealing list of attributes is its speedy character when editing photos, browsing the web, or moving from one app to the next. Yes, the Snapdragon 617 will bog down under heavy demand from certain games, but other than that the device is transparent in how it juggles the processing needs of your various running tasks. It helps that bloatware has been kept to a minimum, and fans of pure Android will be pleased to note that Motorola hasn’t added too many unnecessary bells or whistles to the G4 Plus OS. The Moto Display feature that helps you customize what notifications you see on the lock screen is still present, although it’s becoming somewhat supplanted by similar stock behavior built into recent versions of Android.. The Moto G4 Plus is more expensive than both the current Moto G4 and last year’s Moto G, but it does feature some unique upgrades and features. However, for all the good things this handset provides, I’m not convinced it’s worth the extra cash.. The Moto G4 Plus is more expensive than both the current Moto G4 and last year’s Moto G, but it does feature some unique upgrades and features. However, for all the good things this handset provides, I’m not convinced it’s worth the extra cash.. The Moto G4 Plus finally brings a great camera into Motorola's budget lineup. It's decently fast for the price, though the build quality might not last years of use.. The Moto G4 Plus finally brings a great camera into Motorola's budget lineup. It's decently fast for the price, though the build quality might not last years of use.. With the G4 Plus, Moto has once again delivered a solid phone for not a lot of money. While the stock G4 Plus' design and uncomfortable fingerprint sensor put a slight damper on this new generation, those negatives are easily outweighed by Lenovo's Moto Maker customization tools and a screen, a s... With the G4 Plus, Moto has once again delivered a solid phone for not a lot of money. While the stock G4 Plus' design and uncomfortable fingerprint sensor put a slight damper on this new generation, those negatives are easily outweighed by Lenovo's Moto Maker customization tools and a screen, a sharp rear camera and long battery life that deliver a great return on your investment.. The Moto G4 Plus makes a strong case to go mid-range. The G4 Plus does have the benefit of wide availability amongst the carrers. Rogers, Telus, Koodo Mobile, Virgin Mobile, SaskTel and Wind are all selling it now. If you aren’t looking for all the bells and whistles, and are fine with a phone that looks fairly plain, the G4 Plus will serve yo... The G4 Plus does have the benefit of wide availability amongst the carrers. Rogers, Telus, Koodo Mobile, Virgin Mobile, SaskTel and Wind are all selling it now. If you aren’t looking for all the bells and whistles, and are fine with a phone that looks fairly plain, the G4 Plus will serve you well. If you want or need more power, look elsewhere.. A budget phone you'll actually want to own. Ultimately, the G4 Plus is emblematic of the 2016 budget smartphone: surprisingly short on compromises. The paradigm shift in mid-range phones that Motorola arguably kick-started with the 2013 Moto G continues with the G4 Plus, and it is a beautiful thing to behold. Ultimately, the G4 Plus is emblematic of the 2016 budget smartphone: surprisingly short on compromises. The paradigm shift in mid-range phones that Motorola arguably kick-started with the 2013 Moto G continues with the G4 Plus, and it is a beautiful thing to behold. It’s becoming harder to reconcile the ungodly off-contract price of a new Galaxy or iPhone when some of the best the market has to offer starts at $200. Samsung and Apple should take note.. This photo is horrible it keeps shutting the. Nothing special compared to what's available on the market with those specs.. Better off buying an iphone or Samsung.. Moto G4 Plus Smartphone Unboxing & Overview. Moto G4 Plus Full Review - iGyaan. Moto G4 Plus vs Redmi Note 3 vs ZUK Z1 Compared Which is best?. Enable Moto G4 Plus' Hidden LED Notification Light!. Moto G4 Plus India | Best Budget Phone?. Moto G4 Plus (2016) Review with Pros & Cons. Moto G4 Plus vs Redmi Note 3 Pro Speedtest Comparison!. Moto G4 Plus now after 5 months a Re-Review. Moto G4 Plus - Unboxing & Hands On!. Moto G5 Plus Camera Review Compared with Moto G4 Plus & Redmi Note 4. How to Make Your Moto G4 Plus Look like Google Pixel [Without Root]. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Motorola Moto G4 Plus Protective Carrying Case, Pouch with belt clip, Sleeve, Holster, Handmade Genuine Leather Wallet, Flip Case Cover, Leather Foilo Wallet Case, Leather Book Stand Case, Leather Kickstand Case, Pocket, Holder, Belt Case and Accessories - Buy it online! Enjoy 10% OFF + FREE SHIPPING Looking for style and convenience Motorola Moto G4 Plus case to best protect your Motorola Moto G4 Plus? As a trusted name when it comes to phone protection and accessories, you will find everything you need to keep your Motorola Moto G4 Plus protected from scratches and other harms. From Motorola Moto G4 Plus premium genuine leather case, handmade wallet, carrying sleeve, protective holster, custom flip cover to luxury pouch, we design a solution for every customer regardless of their lifestyle. Our quality full grain leather Motorola Moto G4 Plus case is the right choice for your phones. Now we offer premium handcrafted leather cases, custom pouches, holsters, leather sleeves, premium wallets and much more. Explore more of the best premium leather Motorola Moto G4 Plus case below.. Leather Flip Top Wallet Case for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Leather Book Stand Wallet Case for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Luxury Leather Holster Pouch Case for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Leather Horizontal Pouch Case with Belt Clip for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Leather Vertical Pouch Belt Clip Case for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Leather Vertical Pouch Case for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Leather Card Wallet for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Leather Wallet Pouch for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Continental Leather Wallet Case for Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Ultra Clear Screen Protector for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Pack of 2pcs). Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Pack of 2pcs). Leather Zip Wallet Case for Cellphone (Black Pebble Leather/Red Stitch). Leather Zip Wallet Case for Cellphone (Red Pebble Leather). Leather Zip Wallet Case for Cellphone (Lizard Skin Pattern). Leather Horizontal Pouch Case with Belt Clip for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Red Stitch). Leather Horizontal Pouch Case with Belt Clip for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Orange Stitch). Leather Horizontal Pouch Case with Belt Clip for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Green Stitch). Leather Horizontal Pouch Case with Belt Clip for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Purple Stitch). Car Gadget , Car Mount and Car Accessories. VR Box Virtual Reality 3D Glasses (White). VR Box Virtual Reality 3D Headset Glasses (Black). 6-Port USB Smart Desktop Charger With QC 2.0 + Type-C (35W 7A) (Black). 6-Port USB Desktop Charger (30W 6A) (Silver). Wood Stand Holder With USB Fan for Smartphone, iPhone or Cell Phone. 60W 6-Port USB Car Charger with One QC3.0 Port (Black). 4-Port Car 10A FAST Car Charger With QC 3.0 and Type-C (50W). 4-Port 10A Car Fast Car Charger (50W) (Black). Motorola Moto G4 Plus Tough Armor Protective Case (Silver). Motorola Moto G4 Plus Tough Armor Protective Case (Grey). Motorola Moto G4 Plus Tough Armor Protective Case (Red). Motorola Moto G4 Plus Tough Armor Protective Case (Blue). Motorola Moto G4 Plus Tough Armor Protective Case (Gold). Hybrid Combo Aegis Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Silver). Hybrid Combo Aegis Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Black). Hybrid Combo Aegis Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Grey). Hybrid Combo Aegis Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Green). Hybrid Combo Aegis Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Pink). Hybrid Combo Aegis Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus (Gold). Waterproof Bag Case for Smartphone ( 6" or below 6 inch ). 2 in 1 Aluminum Alloy USB 3.1 Type-C and Micro USB Braided Cable (1M). Aluminum Alloy and Braided Wire Type-C Chargering Cable (1M). Aluminum Alloy and Braided Wire USB-C to USB A 3.0 Braided Cable (1M). Aluminum Alloy Braided Wire USB 2.0 to Type-C Braided Cable. Multi-color QC Type-C Charging and Data Cable (1M). USB Type-C Charging Adapter 1 x USB 3.0 + 1 x USB Type-C Charging Port. USB Type-C Charging HUB Adapter 2 x USB 3.0 + 1 x LAN + Type-C. Aluminum 4-Port Super Speed USB 3.0 HUB / Type-C 4-Port Super Speed USB 3.0 HUB (Silver). USB Flash Drive 8G/16G/32G/64G/128G with Lightning and Micro USB Connector for iPhone & iPad, Android Cell Phone and Computer. Hi-Speed USB Flash Drive 32GB, 64GB and 128GB with Lightning Connector for iPhone, iPad, iPod & Computer (Pearl Silver). Super Speed USB 3.0 Flash Drive 16G, 32G and 64G with Micro USB Connector for Android, Windows and Mac OS - Jack Design (Pearl Silver). Super Speed USB 3.0 Flash Drive 16G, 32G and 64G with Type-C Connector for Android, Windows and Mac OS - Jack Design (White Chrome Silver). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (Black). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (Blue). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (White). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (Rose Gold). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Black). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Red). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Green). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Blue). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (White). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Gold). Portable Wristband Micro USB and Lightning Fast Charging Data Cable. Multi-color Lightning Charging and Data Cable 1M. Multi-color Micro USB Charging and Data Cable. Car Mount Stealth for Smartphone and GPS ( 6" or below 6 inch ). Aluminum Nano Micro Stand Holder for Smartphone and Tablet. Foldable Stand Holder for Smartphone and Tablet. Wood Stand Holder for Smartphone, iPhone or Cell Phone. U Shaped Wood Stand Holder for Headphone. Multifunction Bamboo Stand Holder for Apple Watch, Smart Watch, iPhone, Smartphone and Tablet. Universal Ring Grip/Stand Holder for Smartphone and Tablet. Universal Aluminum Foldable Stand for Macbook/Notebook (Silver). Replacement Belt Clip for PDair Leather Case. 3 in 1 Detachable Aluminum Alloy Camera Lens Kits for iPhone, iPad and Android Cell Phone. Portable Octopus Shaped Mini Tripod for Smartphone, Cell phone and Camera. Portable Retractable Mini Handheld Grip Tripod Stand. Volume Key Cable Selfie Stick for Smartphone. Showing 1 to 83 of 83 (1 Pages). Enjoy 10% OFF + FREE Shipping！Facebook Like + Share ! Discount Coupon: PDAIR. Leather Money Clip Wallet (Brown Metal Pattern). Protective Leather Passport Holder/Travel Wallet Case (Brown Metal Pattern). Energy Source Defrosting Tray + Chill Platter - Classic Design by Brushed Aluminum (Silver). PDair Best Smartphone and Cell Phone Cases and Accessories. Outdoor Activities Case, Bag, Product and Accessories. Energy Source ES Defrosting Tray + Chill Platter - Luxury Design (Black). Genuine Leather Card Wallet Case for Memory SD / Micro SD / SIM Card. Digital Camera and Smartphone Camera Accessories. Energy Source ES Defrosting Tray - ECO Friendly (Silver). iPhone Case Cover Fashion Collection 2018. SIGN UP AND ENJOY YOUR ORDER WITH FREE SHIPPING!. Designer iPhone 8 Plus Book Stand Case. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Folio Wallet Case. Samsung Galaxy S9 Holster Pouch Case. Samsung Galaxy S9+ Plus Flip Case Cover. iPhone 7 Plus Leather Pocket Pouch Case. iPhone 6 Leather Credit Card Wallet Case. Handmade Sony Xperia XZs Pouch Case. BlackBerry Priv Smart Flip Cover & Belt Case. ES Defrosting Tray - Kitchen Home Gadget. Top Quality iPhone X Kickstand Case. Handcrafted iPhone 8 Plus Phone Case. LG G6 Genuine Protective Case Cover. Luxury HTC U11 Leather Folding Case. Blackberry KEYone Pouch with belt clip. iPhone 7 Fashion Collection Cover 2018. All content on this web site, include articles, artwork, screen shots and other files, are copyright © 2018 PDair Enterprise Corporation. "PDair" are trademarks of PDair Enterprise Corporation. Other brands or product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.. 
Log in and comment. Ya casi estamos listos! Defina un nombre de usuario y una contraseña.. Especificaciones Noticias Comentarios Precios Comparar Fondos de pantalla. ¡Hola, estamos contratando! Si eres un redactor, desarrollador o diseñador web únete a nosotros!. El Motorola Moto G4 Plus es un smartphone Android avançado y abrangente en todos os pontos de vista con algumas características excelentes. La pantalla de 5.5 pulgadas es un verdadero record que coloca este Motorola en el tope de su categoría. con una resolución de 1920x1080 pixeles. Las funcionalidades oferecidas por el Motorola Moto G4 Plus son muchas y innovadoras. Comenzando por el LTE 4G que permite la transferencia de datos y excelente navegación en internet. Y no podría faltar el Wi-fi y GPS. Enfatizamos la memoria interna de 32 GB con la posibilidad de expansión. El Motorola Moto G4 Plus es un producto con pocos competidores en términos de multimedia gracias a la cámara de 16 megapixeles que permite al Motorola Moto G4 Plus tirar fotos fantásticas con una resolución de 4608x3456 pixeles.. Sistema Operativo Lanzamiento Antena Dimensiones Peso Resistente al agua Precios Mejor precio Range de precio RATING Price-quality Hardware - Display - Camera - Performance NETWORK Gsm Dual Sim Sim Card HARDWARE Chipset CPU 64 Bit GPU RAM Memoria Memoria Expansible DISPLAY Pulgadas Resolución Densidad en Pixeles Tipo Touchscreen Multitouch Colores Proteccioón CAMERA Megapixeles Resolución Tamaño de Abertura Estabilizador Autofocus Touch Focus Flash HDR Geo Tagging Detección de Rostro Cámara Secundaria VIDEO Resolución de Grabación FPS de Grabacioón Autofocus en Vídeo Estabilizador de Vídeo Slow Motion Foto en Vídeo CONNECTIVITY Wi-Fi Bluetooth USB NFC GPS DATA TRANSFER GPRS EDGE UMTS HSDPA HSUPA HSPA+ LTE Velocidad Máxima De Descarga Velocidad Máxima De Subida SENSORS Acelerómetro Proximidad Giroscopio Brújula Huella Digital Micrófono De Reducción de Ruido FEATURES Reproductor De Música Reproductor De Vídeo Radio FM Tv Salida de TV Navegador Reproductor Flash Vibración Altavoz Tonos Tonos Personalizados Otro BATTERY Tipo Amperios. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow 2016/3 Integrated 153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm 155 grams $ 231. ( Todos los precios ) $ 231 - $ 298 6.7 / 10 8 / 10 7.1 / 10 8.1 / 10 7.1 / 10 Quad Band (850/900/1800/1900) Micro-Nano MSM8952 Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 + Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 Adreno 405 3 GB 32 GB Up to 128 GB Micro SD 5.5 1080 x 1920 pixel 401 ppi IPS LCD Capacitive 16 milhões Gorilla Glass 3 16 Mp 4608 x 3456 pixel F 2.2 Digital Dual LED 5 Mp Full HD 30 fps 802.11b/g/n 4.1 com A2DP/LE Micro USB 2.0 A-GPS/GLONASS/BeiDou - - MP4/H.263/H.264/WMV Html/HTML5 Polifonic SNS integration Wi-Fi Direct Wi-Fi hotspot Litio 3000 Mah. Por favor ayúdenos a mejorar, avísenos si ve un error!. Las mejores ofertas para Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1642 16GB White, 5.5, Dual Sim, GSM Factory Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Motorola XT1641 Moto G4 Plus Dual Sim 32GB Black GSM ONLY, Factory Unlocked, (International Model). MOTOLORA Moto G4 Plus AP3753AE7J4 SIM free [black] (SIM Free)(Japan Import-No Warranty). MOTOLORA Moto G4 Plus AP3753AD1J4 SIM free [White](SIM Free)(Japan Import-No Warranty). El Moto G4 Plus sí obtendrá la actualización a Android Oreo. Aparece una nueva imagen del futuro Moto G5 Plus. Así podría ser el próximo Moto G5. Ahora sí los Moto G4 y G4 Plus comienzan a actualizarse a Android Nougat 7.0. Energizer presenta un smartphone con batería de 4,500 mAh. Energizer, la compañía conocida por sus baterías, presentó un nuevo teléfono inteligente, que al menos en papel parece un dispositivo bastante bueno. La empresa ha estado produciendo teléfonos por un tiempo, o. IFA 2017: Dell presenta ordenadores portátiles y de escritorio gaming más nuevos monitores. La fabricante de ordenadores también hizo su paso por la alfombra roja en el IFA y presentó buenas opciones para el área gaming. Usuarios reportan nuevo problema en el iPhone X. Siguen los problemas para Apple y en esta oportunidad algunas unidades de los iPhone X están presentando un extraño sobrecalentamiento. El Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 finalmente se lanzaría en el Q2 de este año y con cámaras duales. Desde fines del años recién pasado que hemos ido conociendo detalles del próximo Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 y ahora hay posible fecha de lanzamiento, aunque no es tan cercana. 
