CNET también está disponible en español.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Moto G4's big, bold screen and junk-free software make it a pleasure to use throughout the day. Its ability to survive a dunking will appeal to the clumsy among us.. The Bad Processor performance is great for everyday tasks, but gamers will want to shop elsewhere.. The Bottom Line With its big, bold screen, water-resistant design and rock-bottom price, the Moto G4 is a dazzling deal.. Since we first reviewed the Moto G4 and G4 Plus, Motorola has kept busy, expanding the Moto line to include even less expensive variants of their flagship budget phone.. And if there was no Moto G4, the less expensive, stripped-down Moto G4 Play would be the deal of the century. For just $150 (or $100 for Amazon Prime members who submit to Amazon Prime ads, like this ), £130 and AU$279, you get a budget phone that's surprisingly pleasant to use, for a rock-bottom price. But there is a Moto G4, and its larger screen, superior camera and faster processor cost just a bit more than the G4 Play ($50 or £39). For most people, the Moto G4 is well worth the additional cost.. The G4 Play (left) and the larger G4.. The Moto E3 isn't available yet, but we do know this: it's not expensive. At £99, it's about £70 cheaper than the G4 (US and Australian pricing and availability isn't yet known, but £99 converts to roughly $130 and AU$175). And it doesn't appear to have the fatal tradeoffs we often see in the budget end of the market. Specs include a 5-inch, 720p display; quad-core processor; 8-megapixel rear camera; and 5-megapixel front camera. Plus, it runs Android Marshmallow, comes equipped with a microSD card slot, and is water-resistant (like the G4).. Dedicated bargain hunters in the US may also consider the Blu R1 HD , which can be purchased (with preloaded Amazon apps and lock screen ads) for a mere $50. That noted, despite the emergence of its lower-priced siblings, for now, the Moto G4 and G4 Plus remain at the top of the pile in the budget phone category.. Editors' note: The original Moto G4 review, originally published July 6, follows.. The Moto G has always been among the top dogs when it comes to "cheap but good" phones and the new G4 -- and slightly fancier. G4 Plus -- have kept up that tradition.. Competition in the budget arena has never been more fierce, but the newest fourth-generation Moto G continues to hold its own thanks to a host of hardware upgrades, including a larger and brighter 5.5-inch, full HD display and faster octa-core processor, without shedding last year's water-resistant construction and expandable storage (you can add up to 128GB by adding ultra cheap microSD cards).. In the US, you'll pay $199 for the unlocked phone, which will work with all major US carriers. Amazon Prime members in the States can also buy the phone for $150 from Amazon, if you accept ads -- and they're easy to ignore. Our review of the Moto G4 Amazon Prime edition here .) In the UK, the standard 16GB Moto G4 starts at a similarly affordable £169.. Motorola -- which is now owned by Lenovo, by the way -- hasn't said how much the phones will go for in Australia, but the Moto G4's UK price converts to about AU$300.. So what's the catch? Not much, really. Spending a bit more for the aforementioned Moto G4 Plus gets you a fingerprint sensor (for easy unlocking), a slightly better camera and -- at the top end -- double the RAM and even more built-in storage. But neither phone has NFC or contactless payment options, so the Plus upgrades don't feel worth the extra money in our book.. Powerful, waterproof and affordable: The new Moto G4 and G4 Plus. The G4 Plus gets its name from its 16-megapixel camera (up from 13 on the regular G4) and a fingerprint scanner on the front. It also offers more RAM (4GB vs. 2GB) on its top-end 64GB configuration. Otherwise the phones are the same, from processor to screen.. Obviously, the Plus costs a bit more -- and configurations vary by region. Americans will pay $50 more for the 16GB Plus ($250), while those in the UK will pay an additional £30 (£199). An extra $100 or £95 gets you a 64GB G4 Plus, which -- as noted above -- also doubles the RAM. (The UK also gets a 32GB Plus that doesn't appear to be available in the US.). That said, none of those upgrades are particularly compelling in my book. I kept confusing the Plus's fingerprint sensor for a home button (it's not), and its lack of NFC means there's no contactless payment option. The extra megapixels in the camera, meanwhile, didn't offer a big difference in everyday shots, unless you were zooming in. For those reasons, the cheaper G4 is the better option for nearly everyone.. The Moto G4 and the G4 Plus are almost identical. They both have 5.5-inch screens, which is half an inch larger than the previous model and a full inch larger than the. Both displays have full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel) resolutions, which are bright, bold and well suited to your tweeting and snapchatting.. Even better, the handsets are water-resistant, so they won't shut down the first time you spill your drink on them. The back panel is removable, providing access to the microSD slot to expand the storage. You can't swap the battery out, but its 3,000 mAh capacity is sufficient for a full day of use, so you may not need to carry spares around.. On our looping video battery rundown test, it took 13 hours 20 minutes to drain the battery entirely, which is a respectable performance. LG G5 took 12 hours 30 minutes, while the OnePlus 3 took 14 hours 17 minutes.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto G4. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto G4. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto G4 smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 401 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto G4 price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto G4 is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto G4 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto G4 runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.00 x 76.60 x 9.80 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 155.00 grams. The Motorola Moto G4 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good screen Decent performance Near-stock Android Good battery life Bad Average camera performance No fingerprint sensor Not worth the price. Read detailed Motorola Moto G4 review. Moto G4 Plus to Receive Android 8.0 Oreo Update After All, Company Clarifies 'Miscommunication'. Moto Reveals Which Smartphones Will Get Android 8.0 Oreo, Moto G4 Missing From List. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update in India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto G4 Price in India Moto G4 (Black, 16GB) Rs. 8,999 Moto G4 (White, 16GB) Rs. 9,999 Moto G4 (Black, 32GB) Rs. Alternate names XT1624 Release date May 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 153.00 x 76.60 x 9.80 Weight (g) 155.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Black, White SAR value 1.09. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 401. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto G4. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 3 of 3 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By lord of life | 27 Jul 2016. i used to have the G3 and have now have upgraded and it is totally worth the price. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Meet S | 17 May 2017. i just bought this phone like a week ago and so happy with the sensors are so acurate. camera quality speed of the phone everything is just amazing.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto G4 -Nothing to cheer compared to Moto G3 in 2016. By kishore kannan | 20 May 2016. There is nothing in features to cheer about Moto G4 except for 617 Soc,5.5 inch screen and improved battery imho. No Gyroscope sensor,Compass,NFC,IR,Fingerprint sensor and Dual Memory Channel for faster memory ops of octa-core for higher RAM config.. Note : In your site ,Please correct the Connectivity section under Specifications of Moto G4. Most options are given "NO" which is absurd as the phone like its predecessor would support all except INFRARED and NFC options.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 4 people found this review helpful. Moto G4 Plus to Receive Android 8.0 Oreo Update After All, Company Clarifies 'Miscommunication'. Moto Reveals Which Smartphones Will Get Android 8.0 Oreo, Moto G4 Missing From List. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update in India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Play Smartphones Available With Discounts, Cashbacks on Amazon India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Android 7.0 Nougat Update Starts Rolling Out. Moto G4 Plus: Features and Specifications Compared. Moto G4 vs Moto G4 Plus vs Moto G (Gen 3): What's the Difference?. Moto G4 to Go on Sale at Rs. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto G4 Xiaomi Redmi 4a vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs. Motorola Moto G Gen 3 Motorola Moto G4 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Huawei Google Nexus 6p vs. Motorola Google Nexus 6 Motorola Moto G4 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 vs. LG K10 Motorola Moto G4 vs. Samsung Galaxy A5 2016 Motorola Moto G4 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Asus Zenfone Selfie Lenovo Zuk Z2 vs. Lenovo Vibe X3 Youth vs. Zuk Z1 Motorola Moto G5 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. LG G3 Beat Motorola Moto G4 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto G4 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Item is in original packaging, but packaging has damage.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $9.80 Gift Card.. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 16GB. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads .... Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 16GB compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. 5.5-inch 1920 x 1080 IPS LCD Display; GSM + CDMA / 4G LTE Capable. Rear 13MP Camera + 5MP Front. 1.5 GHz Snapdragon 617 Octa-Core CPU; 32GB Storage Capacity + 2GB RAM; Android Marshmallow 6.0.1. Unlocked and carrier friendly, works with all major carrier networks domestically or abroad. Features 2 GB of RAM and an SD card slot that supports up to 128 GB of additional storage.. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 16GB $159.99. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. SPARIN Moto G4 Screen Protector, 2 Pack Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola Moto G 4th… $7.81. Sold by Sparin and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Moto G4 / G4 Plus Case, Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Protective Cover for Motorola Moto G 4th… $7.98. Sold by Cimo Technologies and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Motorola Moto G4 (16GB) XT1621 GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Phone - 5.5" Screen (International Version - No Warranty) - Black. Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 16GB Storage + 2GB RAM. Motorola Moto G Play (4th Gen) XT1609 16GB Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. Motorola Moto G (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 8GB, Black. Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black). Motorola Moto G (3rd Generation) - Black - 8 GB - Global GSM Unlocked Phone. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. SPARIN Moto G4 Screen Protector, 2 Pack Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola Moto G 4th Generation 5.5 inch with Ultra Clear, Scratch Resistant. Moto G4 / G4 Plus Case, Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Protective Cover for Motorola Moto G 4th Generation / Moto G Plus (2016) - Black. Moto G4 Case, Moto G4 Plus Case - OEAGO [Shockproof] [Impact Protection] Tough Rugged Dual Layer Protective Case Cover with Kickstand for Motorola Moto G4 / G4 Plus (Moto G Plus, 4th Gen) - Black. Moto G4 Screen Protector,[2Pack]by Ailun,9H Hardness,Ultra Clear,Anti-Scratch,Case Friendly,Tempered Glass for Moto G4 ONLY,NOT for Moto G4 Plus,Moto G4 Play,Moto Z Play,LG G4-Siania Retail Package. Moto G4 / G4 Plus Case, Cimo [Shockproof] Heavy Duty Shock Absorbing Protection Cover for Motorola Moto G 4th Generation / Moto G Plus (2016) - Black. Moto G4 / G4 Plus Case, J&D [Drop Protection] [Slim Cushion] [Lightweight Bumper] Shock Resistant Protective Slim Case for Motorola Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus [NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MOTO G4 PLAY] - Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. The new Moto G gives you an experience that’s second to none. It’s unlocked and carrier friendly, so you can swap between any major U.S. carrier by switching out the SIM card any time you choose, including AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, and Verizon.. Moto G is built to keep up. With an octa-core processor, you’ll have more than enough power to run your favorite apps today and new ones down the road. Run multiple apps at the same time without slowing down.. Charge at the Speed of Life.. Give your phone a quick energy boost so you can power up and get on with life. The included TurboPower charger gives your Moto G up to 6 hours of power in just 15 minutes of charging.* *Battery must be substantially depleted; charging rate slows as charging progresses. All battery life claims are approximate and based on an average user profile that includes both usage and standby. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, voice, data, and other application usage patterns. Professional looking photos are a snap.. The new Moto G takes crystal clear photos you’ll be proud to share. It starts with having great hardware, such as the high-resolution 13MP camera. The large ƒ/2.0 aperture lets in more light, which helps you take beautiful photos even on cloudy days. The color-balancing dual LED flash automatically adjusts for natural-looking skin tones and consistent colors—so people look vibrant, and not washed out. And the wide angle lens on the 5 MP selfie cam makes it easy to fit everyone in the picture.. The new Moto G runs at 4G speed, so you can get to the good stuff faster.* Watch the latest news and sports videos smoothly without any annoying stops and starts. Stay on top of your email and messages, and stay a step ahead. Or play a quick game in between appointments, so there’s never a dull moment.. *Certain features, functionality and product specifications may be network dependent and subject to additional terms, conditions, and charges. All are subject to change without notice.. With a 5.5" Full HD display, your friends’ Facebook photos look sharplet me and lifelike, while videos and games come to life like never before. Moto G gives you vivid colors and intricate details you’d expect to find only on a premium phone.. 0.39 x 3.02 x 6.02 in. 0.39 x 3.02 x 6.02 in. 2.59 x 5.11 x 0.46 in. 0.46 x 2.6 x 5.1 in. Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 16GB. Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black). Motorola Moto G (1st Generation) - Black - 8 GB - Global GSM Unlocked Phone. Offer Type: Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. Meet the new, carrier-friendly Moto G. This phone is all about performance. Take stunning photos thanks to an advanced 13 MP camera. And get up to 6 hours of power in just 15 minutes of TurboPower charging, along with an all-day battery. All this in a streamlined design that fits nicely in your pocket. Offer Type: Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. 3 x 0.4 x 6 inches. 11.2 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #28,592 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #608 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 52% 4 star 16% 3 star 6% 2 star 8% 1 star 18%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Why did I do this to myself again?!?!. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 32 GB | Color: White | Verified Purchase. I just came from a horrible run with the G4 Play, I went through 4 of them, all with defective GPS. After less than 2 months I gave up on replacing it over and over and got my money back. So what did I do? I bought the regular Moto G4, which has functional GPS. Having GPS that actually works was nice. After a couple days the random waking started. Usually while it was charging, but not always. The phone would just wake itself up for no apparent reason. There would be no notifications, no movement near it, it just decided that it wanted to be on. This wouldn't have been so bad, but it would never go back to sleep on its own either, even after many hours. The 3rd time I caught it doing this it had happened overnight while sitting unplugged on a table and was down to 3% battery. On the 12th day (today) the ghost touches started. I was walking along and it started spamming the home button. I have "show touches" enabled (a habit I formed after dealing with the ghost touch issue of the OnePlus One), so it was very obvious what was happening. I had my other phone on me and took a video of it. It stopped after I put it to sleep and unlocked it again, but it started to do it again 10-15 minutes later. A quick Google search when I got home and this issue is likely bigger/more common than the defective GPS on the Play. I'm not even going to try a replacement this time, or 3, or even waste my time again with Moto support (zero response from them on any of the defective G4 Plays), and just return it to Amazon for refund. I really wanted the G4 play to workout. It is the only phone I had found that has a very completely set of supported LTE bands across the main 3 carriers and wasn't $700+. Unfortunately it seems that each edition of the G4 series has their own major defect(s). I don't know what happened to Moto. My Moto X Pure was pretty good (sans overheating and weak battery life issues). I think I'm done with Moto phones for good now, they clearly can't seem to make a device that doesn't have massive issues with the basic functionality. TL;DR: In a sample size of 5 phones in 2 months, the G4 and G4 Play (and likely the Plus) series has a 100% defect rate.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Nice for iPhone switcher. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 32 GB | Color: White | Verified Purchase. We got this phone for me wife. She really likes it coming off an iPhone 5. Since I'm "tech support" for her and did the setup I do have some first-hand experience. We mainly switched to get off of our high-cost Verizon Wireless plan in favor of a much lower cost alternative. We settled on Republic Wireless for now. My wife likes the size of the screen, it's clarity (although not as good as my iPhone 6 Plus in my opinion) and the ease of use. There were a few challenges to overcome coming from the iPhone and I found totally acceptable solutions for them. All he photos were on her iPhone and in iCloud. I installed the Google Photos app on her iPhone to upload all her photos to her Google account. The Photos app installed on on Moto G then downloaded all her photos onto that phone. Also configured the new phone to automatically backup photos which was important because my wife also has an iPad. The Google Photos app on the iPad is also installed on the iPad so that now the photos are accessible on all devices just like they were with Apple Photos and iCloud. She now just uses Google Photos instead of Apple Photos. The other challenge was iTunes music. But that proved to be straight forward with "Double Twist" and their free app on the Mac and their $5 wireless-connection app on the phone. Now with just an extra step or two my wife can easily keep her iTunes synced with the Moto G. Double Twist took a bit of tinkering to get going, mostly due to some issues in her iTunes library. But now it's working very well. Make a change in iTunes, go to Double Twist and press sync and it's done.Double Twist is also nice on the phone because it's much more iTunes like than the Apple Music which I think is a bloated, confusing mess. iTunes isn't much better in my opinion but at least now the interfaces are consistent. Other than this one renegade Android phone we are an all Apple house and there is no access to Apple TV for example from the phone. But that's not an issue for us because we have two other iPads and my iPhone and two Macs if we need to share from one of those Apple devices to ATV (which is rare). All in all, considering we took her monthly phone cost from about $60 to about $23 a month and she hasn't given up any significant functionality it's a good choice for us based on our level of data usage. I'll be following in her footsteps in a few weeks as soon as my VW contract is up and may go with Ting which as another reasonable cost provider.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Works for me on CDMA and Straight talk. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 16 GB | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. #Update# one year to the date purchase phone is over heating and won't hold cell signal and I am looking for replacement. This was a NON advertising version and paid $199 that is too much for a phone that only last 1 year. Shame on Amazon for promoting something that has so little value for money spent, I will be very sceptical of any other product hyped by Amazon. Don't buy, read the other reviews. This was a great phone until it wasn't, and should have provided more than one year of service before failure. First 24 hours this is a great phone. Used the Straight talk CDMA activation kit and logged into my online account with straight talk and within 10 minutes was up and running, I did wait to install SIM and power up until completed all of the online prompts and received the confirmation that phone activation was complete. Have only ever used an Iphone so Android is change but so far so good. I opted to go without the Amazon ads because I liked the idea that the phone was not all "bloated" with apps I never use. I am a light user and so far the battery looks like will last 24hrs between charges. Time will tell if remains a great buy, but for now I am a happy camper. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars a poor product. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 32 GB | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. Frankly very surprised at how poor a product this phone is. I've used Motorola androids for years and like their phones, but this one's a dud. It looks great but doesn't work. Basically it does the 'ghost touch' thing. The phone's home button presses itself repeatedly and vibrated without me touching the screen. It did this so much that I couldn't even power down the phone. And yes, it also does the ghost touch thing when booted into 'safe' mode. A reason perhaps it sells for just $200.. Was this review helpful to you?. The phone was used and it's not working correctly; just back and with data problems, and etc.. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. I would rate it higher if it wasn't for the poor quality of the actual screen. 3.0 out of 5 stars Ok but poor screen. So far it's working as expected.. 4.0 out of 5 stars So Far -- So Good. I’m not in USA so couldn’t repair it. It turned off all the time. No way to continue using it.. 1.0 out of 5 stars It started to fail immediately. Phone was only 5 months old and WiFi stopped working. Did all manual said to do and did a factory reset. 2.0 out of 5 stars Phone WiFi stopped working and now phone won't go to home screen.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Deleting calls and emails is cumbersome.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Worked fine for a bit, but under standard use (nothing extreme, no taking out in the rain, etc.), the rubber on/off button wore down, broke off and now I can't turn my phone on or... 2.0 out of 5 stars Cheap workmanship. I've had it for over a year now and it is great. I'm not easily enticed by little emoji updates and fingerprint capabilities nor tons of other crap I don't need,... 5.0 out of 5 stars Love my phone. Phone speaker stopped working after 4 months of use. Did a factory reset and audio still out and now even getting the error message on youtube still no audio. 1.0 out of 5 stars Phone speaker stopped working after 4 months of use.. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 16GB. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Nokia Lumia 520 GSM Unlock 3G Phone, 4-Inch Touch Screen, 5MP 720P Camera, Windows Phone - Black (International Version). Nokia Lumia 1520 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Windows 8 Smartphone w/ Carl Zeiss Optics 20MP Camera - Yellow (No Warranty). Samsung Galaxy S4 SGH-i337 4G Cell Phone, 16GB, Red, AT&T. Huawei Ascend XT Unlocked 4G LTE Octa Core 8Mp Flash 2GB Ram 6" HD H1611 Desbloqueado. Microsoft Nokia Lumia 640 LTE RM-1072 8GB 5" Unlocked GSM Windows 8MP Camera Smartphone - Black - International Version No Warranty. Huawei P9 Lite VNS-L23 Dual SIM Factory Unlocked 16GB (International Version - No Warranty) (Rose Gold). See and discover other items: dual sim card phones , dual sim cellphone , android sd cards , att prepaid phone , best smartphone , att cell phone smartphone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (48). Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. What a great time to be alive! Even affordable phones now come with decent specs and deliver a satisfactory user experience. The Moto G4 is a great example of this. It is packed with a large screen, moderately fast processor, and a sufficient amount of RAM to run relatively smoothly. And if that's not enough, Moto Maker is available in major markets, allowing buyers to make their Moto G4 even more personal with colored backs and accents. The near-stock, uncluttered version of Android 6.0 helps with keeping things running fluidly.. Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus Review Motorola Moto G4 manual Motorola Moto G4 benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 inches (153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm). Weight: 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 25, 26. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto G4 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). $138 Buy. Save 40% on the Moto Z Play at B&H; other Moto models are also on sale. Deal: Unlocked Moto G4 16GB costs just $110 (40% off). Deal: Moto G4 price drops to just $120 (33% off) on Amazon. Motorola reversal: Moto G4 Plus to get updated to Android 8.0. If Google Play Protect messed up Bluetooth on your Android phone, here is a quick fix. Here are the Amazon Prime Exclusive smartphones you can get with a serious discount right now. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Moto G4 Play review:. The Good Motorola's Moto G4 Play is the most affordable phone in the G4 line. It's splash-resistant, comes loaded with a near stock version of Android 6.0, has great battery life and can be used on any major carrier in the US.. The Bad The G4 Play lags when playing games and taking panoramic photos. The display can be hard to read in direct sunlight and you won't be able to customize the phone using Motorola's Moto Maker website.. The Bottom Line If you're on the hunt for an affordable phone with pretty long battery life, the Motorola Moto G4 Play deserves your attention. But the regular Moto G4 gives you even better features for just a little more cash.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. If the Moto G4 didn't exist, the stepped-down (and even cheaper) Motorola Moto G4 Play would be the deal of the century. For just $150 (or $100 for Amazon Prime members who submit to Amazon Prime ads, like this ), £130 and AU$279, you get a budget phone that's surprisingly pleasant to use, for a rock-bottom price.. But there is a Moto G4, and it comes with a larger screen, a better camera and a much faster processor. Best yet, it only costs a little more -- $50 or £39 -- than the G4 Play (it doesn't sell in Australia, but the G4 Plus does). So for my money, I'd invest a little more and get the G4 over the G4 Play.. That said, the G4 Play is actually a great budget find on its own merit. I never encountered a moment where I thought, "I can't use this." The G4 Play is the Toyota Corolla of phones; it has that wonderful balance of price and value to do real-world things like text and email, upload photos and snap pictures of cute little Fifi.. Motorola's Moto G4 Play in the wild. The Moto G4 Play is pretty much identical to the Moto G4, just a tad smaller (see how specs compare over the page). Despite having a relatively low 1,280x720-pixel resolution for its 5-inch screen, images and websites looked fairly crisp and sharp. But even with adaptive brightness enabled, you might have trouble reading in the noontime sun.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto G4 Play. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Find out more on our cookies page .. To accept this and continue using the site, press Accept & continue.. From getting your kit home to setting it up, we can help.. When something goes wrong with your kit, we can pick up the pieces.. Whatever life throws at you, we'll protect your most important kit.. From upgrades to trade-ins, we can save you time and money.. Kit Guide: Motorola Moto G4 - set it up. This guide will take you through the Setup of your phone, and making sure it's connected and ready to use. We'll cover everything from inserting the SIM card, to securing your phone with a lock screen.. Completing the Moto G4 Setup Wizard. If you need to download a copy of the user manual for your phone, you can get it here. Here is a list of items you'll find in the box:. Completing the Moto G4 Setup Wizard. When you turn on your Moto G4 for the first time, it'll show the 'Setup Wizard', which is a series of steps that help you get the phone ready to use.. you want to connect to, or if you don't have Wi-Fi, tap. Type the Wi-Fi password - if you're not sure what this is, it's normally printed on your router. You'll have to agree to Motorola's Privacy policy - read through it and then tap. If you've had another Android phone before, you can transfer some data from it, if it supports NFC. Copy Google accounts, apps, and data from your other phone. If you have a Google account, type in your email address and press. If you want to create an account, tap. If you don't want to use a Google account, tap. If you're signing in, type your password and press. You'll have to agree to Google's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Read them by tapping on them, and then tap. Read through the Google Services, and keep the boxes ticked for the ones you want to use.. You might be asked to add some payment info to your Google account - if you want to, tap a payment method, tap. Next , then fill in the details for it. If you don't want to, tap. Remind me later , and tap. To add another email account, tap. (for work or school accounts) or. We'll go through this in more detail later in the guide, so if you want to skip it, tap. If there's any backups on your Google account, you can restore one to your Moto G4. To do this, choose a backup from the drop down list, or tap. To add a screen lock to your phone, which will help protect your data (like photos and messages), tick the box for. Protect this device , then tap. We'll cover this later in the guide, so to do it later, tap. Read through the Google Now information, and if you want to use it, tap. Yes, I'm in , or tap. If you want to sign up for a Moto account, tick the. Read through the Welcome message, and then tap. At the bottom of the phone are the navigations buttons, which will help you to get around the phone.. 'Back' (triangle): takes you back one screen, or closes an app.. 'Home' (circle): press this to go to the Home screen.. 'Recent apps' (square): shows you apps you've had open, and lets you jump between them.. Before you can download new apps or get your email set up, you'll need to connect your Moto G4 to the internet. You can connect using Wi-Fi, or mobile data.. Connecting the Moto G4 to a Wi-Fi network. From the Home Screen, go to Apps. Wi-Fi , and check that the. is on at the top - tap it if it's not.. for the Wi-Fi - if you're not sure what this is, check your router.. Connect , and if this works, you'll see the word 'Connected' under the Wi-Fi network.. Turning mobile data on or off. Your phone will always try to use Wi-Fi, instead of mobile data - so turn it off first.. With that off, check at the top of the screen for a '4G' or '3G' symbol, which indicate your mobile data connection. If you can't see this, follow these steps to check your mobile data settings.. Check if your network is selected - tap the circle if it's not.. Check again for a mobile data symbol at the top. If you still can't see it, tap the. After that's done, check the top again for a mobile data symbol. If you still can't see anything, you'll have to set up the 'APN settings' manually. These are the settings needed to connect to mobile data, and we've got guides for each network. Setting up an email account on your phone will let you see your emails, send new ones, and notify you when messages arrive.. Tap the type of account you want to add. For work or school accounts, tap. Exchange , or for personal accounts tap. Type your email address, and tap. Type in your password, and press. You might be given some account options, like how often the phone checks for new email on your account. Type a name for your account, and type your name in the bottom box. Your account is added, and you can get to your emails by tapping the. If you're account doesn't automatically Setup, you'll need to do a manual Setup. This will need all the settings for your email account - if you don't know these, check our. guide to email server settings , which has the settings for many popular email services.. Adding a screen lock to your phone will help keep it secure, making sure your photos, messages, and data are kept private.. Screen lock , and choose the type of lock you want to use:. Type or draw your lock, and then confirm it.. Choose which notifications you want to see on the lock screen.. Your phone is set up, and you are ready to start using it. If you'd like to speak to our Team Knowhow Experts, you can get in touch with them. If you've got an issue with any of your kit, our experts are on-call to help 24/7 - in-store, at home, or over the phone.. When your kit's fully broken, you need it fixed fast. Our accredited experts will get you back up and running in no time.. Available in-store, online, at home and over the phone.. Team Knowhow, PO Box 1686, Sheffield, S2 5YB. DSG Retail Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 504877) and The Carphone Warehouse Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 2142673) trading as Team Knowhow, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. motorola droid bionic xt875 motorola atrix g4. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save motorola g4 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola g4 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BRAND NEW MOTOROLA MOTO G4 16GB 5.5" UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE LENOVO XT1625 BLACK. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. Moto G4 (UNLOCKED) Motorola XT1625 Black 16GB 00991NARTL. New Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 32GB Black Unlocked Smartphone NO ADS. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 Hybrid TPU Black bumper Case Cover + Pen. Advanced Hybrid Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Play / Moto G Play XT1607. New Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 16GB 32GB (Unlocked) Smartphone NO ADS. Motorola Moto G4 Play ‑ 16 GB ‑ Black ‑ Verizon - SMALL SCREEN CHIP -391824-. Moto G4 (16GB, 2GB RAM) US 4G LTE 5.5" Dual Sim GSM Factory Unlocked XT1621 NEW. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 16GB (Unlocked) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. Motorola G4 Play XT1607 16GB GSM Unlocked LineageOS 14.1 Root Android 7.1 Nougat. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. NEW UNLOCKED MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY XT1607 16GB GSM 4G LTE 5" FACTORY SEALED. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1642 Dual Sim 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" Black White. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone w/Amazon Offers. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. For Motorola Moto G4/G4 Plus XT1625 Hybrid Clear Black bumper Case Cover + Pen. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 Black 16GB Factory Unlocked 00991NARTL. NEW Motorola Moto G4 Play 16GB Unlocked BLACK Smartphone XT1607 - NO ADS!. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. MOTOROLA MOTO G4 XT1621 BLACK 16GB SINGLE SIM 4G LTE 5.5" GSM FACTORY UNLOCKED. Moto G 4th Gen -32GB- Black (Unlocked) SPEAKER DOESN'T FUNCTION -722449-. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. Open Box Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1641 5.5" 32GB 4G LTE Android Factory Unlocked. Motorola Moto G4 Play Smartphone - Black - 16 GB - Unlocked Phone- BRAND NEW!. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT16- 16GB - Black Smartphone Republic wireless. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. Motorola Moto G4 (4th Gen) XT1625 RAM 2GB 16GB Black GSM Unlocked NO ADS. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. For Motorola G4 / G4 Plus Armor Hybrid Rubber Box Kickstand Belt-clip Case Red. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation G4 16GB Black White Unlocked. NEW *UNLOCKED* Motorola G4 Play 4G LTE 5" 16GB microSD 8MP+5MP QuadCore Black FS. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 Smartphone - Black - 16 GB - Unlocked Phone- BRAND NEW & SEALED. NEW - Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1644 - 64GB - Black GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone NO ADS. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. Motorola Moto G4 (XT1625) / 16GB / GSM Unlocked / Amazon Version. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 16GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone NEW. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation~Ver izon Prepaid~Brand New~Clean IMEI. Motorola Moto G (4th Gen) (XT1625) - GSM Unlocked - 16GB - Black- No ads! Great!. Original Unlocked Motorola XT1080 - 5.0" 3G/4G Wifi 16GB NFC 10MP Android Phone. Motorola RAZR XT912 Unlocked 3G 4G Android smartphone 8MP Camera 4.3". New Sealed, Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G4 Play MOTXT1609PP 5" 16GB Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $84.96. Motorola Moto G4 (4th Gen.) 16/32GB XT1625 Factory Unlocked 5.5" 13MP Smartphone. Motorola Moto X XT1058 Original Unlocked 4.7" 3G 4G Wifi 16GB NFC 10.0MP Android. Original Unlocked Motorola Moto X XT1058 - 4.7" 3G/4G Wifi 16GB NFC 10MP Android. For Motorola Moto G4 XT1625/ G4 Plus Animal Design Bling Hybrid Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4/ G4 Plus XT1625 Hybrid Rugged Kickstand Case Cover + Pen. Original Motorola Moto G4 XT1622 Unlocked 4G LTE 13MP CAMERA 16GB ROM 2GB RAM. Original Unlocked Motorola DROID Mini XT1030 GSM + CDMA - 4.3" 3G/4G Wifi 16GB. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 16GB Black Fully Unlocked / Any Carrier. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. New - Motorola Moto G (4th Gen) (XT1625) - GSM Unlocked - 16GB - Black - No ads!. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. Motorola Droid Razr XT912 MAXX Unlocked 3G 4G Touchscreen Android smartphone 8MP. Motorola XT1641 Moto G4 Plus GSM Factory Unlocked 32GB Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola - MOTO G (4th Generation) 4G LTE with 16GB Memory Cell Phone (Unlock... Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 32GB Black Factory Unlocked with Amazon Ads. 1 new & refurbished from $129.00. Unlocked NIB - Motorola Moto G 4G LTE 8GB XT1045 (Black) - Previously on Cricket. 3 new & refurbished from $115.00. Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1642 32GB Black 5.5" 16MP Android Phone By FedEx. Motorola Moto G4 XT1642 Dual Sim 16GB Black Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Motorola Moto G4 4th Generation XT1625 GSM/CDMA - 16GB (Unlocked). 6 new & refurbished from $90.00. Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 4th Gen XT1625 32GB Black Smartphone GSM. Motorola Moto G (4th Gen) (XT1625) GSM Unlocked 16GB Black. 6 new & refurbished from $90.00. NEW Motorola MOTO G4 Play XT1607, 4G LTE 16GB (Unlocked) - Black+ mfg warranty. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 16GB Black Factory Unlocked with Amazon Ads. 6 new & refurbished from $90.00. Original Unlocked Motorola Moto X XT1060 - 4.7" 3G/4G Wifi 16GB NFC 10MP Android. Motorola Moto G4 (16GB) GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Phone - 5.5" Screen. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 (Latest Model) Black 16GB (Unlocked) 9/10. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Black Hybrid Back Cover Case for Motorola Moto G4 / G4 Plus Moto G 4th Gen. For Motorola G4 Case, Moto G4 Plus Case Transparent Shock-Absorbin g Cover. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. BRAND NEW - Ships Fast - US LTE 4G Bands. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. US Seller | Fast Shipping | Black and White. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Comment: Item will come repackaged.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $9.80 Gift Card.. Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 32GB. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads .... Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 32GB compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. Fast 4G LTE speed, up to 1.5 GHz octa-core processor, 2 GB of RAM, and a bright 5.5-Inch full-HD (1080p) display ensures videos and games run smoothly and look great.. Enjoy the best of Google Android 6.0 Marshmallow, including Google Maps, Gmail, Play Store, and more.. Take brilliant photos with the high resolution 13 MP camera, or snap group shots with a 5 MP wide angle selfie cam.. The all-day battery includes TurboPower charging which provides up to 6 hours of use in just 15 minutes.. Unlocked and carrier friendly, works with all major carrier networks domestically or abroad. Features 2 GB of RAM and an SD card slot that supports up to 128 GB of additional storage.. This product is available as Certified Refurbished.. Moto G (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 32GB (Certified Refurbished). Works and looks like new and backed by a warranty. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Motorola Moto G4 (16GB) XT1621 GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Phone - 5.5" Screen (International Version - No Warranty) - Black. Motorola Moto G Play (4th Gen) XT1609 16GB Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 16GB Storage + 2GB RAM. Motorola Moto G (4th.Gen) XT1625 16GB Black - Unlocked (Certified Refurbished). Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. SPARIN Moto G4 Screen Protector, 2 Pack Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola Moto G 4th Generation 5.5 inch with Ultra Clear, Scratch Resistant. Moto G4 / G4 Plus Case, Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Protective Cover for Motorola Moto G 4th Generation / Moto G Plus (2016) - Black. Moto G4 Case, Moto G4 Plus Case - OEAGO [Shockproof] [Impact Protection] Tough Rugged Dual Layer Protective Case Cover with Kickstand for Motorola Moto G4 / G4 Plus (Moto G Plus, 4th Gen) - Black. [3-PACK]-Mr Shield For Motorola Moto G4 / Moto G (4th Generation) [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Moto G4 / G4 Plus Case, J&D [Drop Protection] [Slim Cushion] [Lightweight Bumper] Shock Resistant Protective Slim Case for Motorola Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus [NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MOTO G4 PLAY] - Black. Moto G4 Screen Protector,[2Pack]by Ailun,9H Hardness,Ultra Clear,Anti-Scratch,Case Friendly,Tempered Glass for Moto G4 ONLY,NOT for Moto G4 Plus,Moto G4 Play,Moto Z Play,LG G4-Siania Retail Package. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64 GB - Unlocked - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. SPARIN Moto G4 Screen Protector, 2 Pack Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola Moto G 4th Generation 5.5 inch with. Motorola Moto G4 (16GB) XT1621 GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Phone - 5.5" Screen (International Version - No Warranty). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. The new Moto G gives you an experience that’s second to none. It’s unlocked and carrier friendly, so you can swap between any major U.S. carrier by switching out the SIM card any time you choose, including AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, and Verizon.. Moto G is built to keep up. With an octa-core processor, you’ll have more than enough power to run your favorite apps today and new ones down the road. Run multiple apps at the same time without slowing down.. Charge at the Speed of Life.. Give your phone a quick energy boost so you can power up and get on with life. The included TurboPower charger gives your Moto G up to 6 hours of power in just 15 minutes of charging.* *Battery must be substantially depleted; charging rate slows as charging progresses. All battery life claims are approximate and based on an average user profile that includes both usage and standby. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, voice, data, and other application usage patterns. Professional looking photos are a snap.. The new Moto G takes crystal clear photos you’ll be proud to share. It starts with having great hardware, such as the high-resolution 13MP camera. The large ƒ/2.0 aperture lets in more light, which helps you take beautiful photos even on cloudy days. The color-balancing dual LED flash automatically adjusts for natural-looking skin tones and consistent colors—so people look vibrant, and not washed out. And the wide angle lens on the 5 MP selfie cam makes it easy to fit everyone in the picture.. The new Moto G runs at 4G speed, so you can get to the good stuff faster.* Watch the latest news and sports videos smoothly without any annoying stops and starts. Stay on top of your email and messages, and stay a step ahead. Or play a quick game in between appointments, so there’s never a dull moment.. *Certain features, functionality and product specifications may be network dependent and subject to additional terms, conditions, and charges. All are subject to change without notice.. With a 5.5" Full HD display, your friends’ Facebook photos look sharplet me and lifelike, while videos and games come to life like never before. Moto G gives you vivid colors and intricate details you’d expect to find only on a premium phone.. Offer Type: Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. Meet the new, carrier-friendly Moto G. This phone is all about performance. Take stunning photos thanks to an advanced 13 MP camera. And get up to 6 hours of power in just 15 minutes of TurboPower charging, along with an all-day battery. All this in a streamlined design that fits nicely in your pocket. Offer Type: Standard Version – Without Offers & Ads. 3 x 0.4 x 6 inches. #70,102 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,423 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 52% 4 star 16% 3 star 6% 2 star 8% 1 star 18%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Why did I do this to myself again?!?!. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 32 GB | Color: White | Verified Purchase. I just came from a horrible run with the G4 Play, I went through 4 of them, all with defective GPS. After less than 2 months I gave up on replacing it over and over and got my money back. So what did I do? I bought the regular Moto G4, which has functional GPS. Having GPS that actually works was nice. After a couple days the random waking started. Usually while it was charging, but not always. The phone would just wake itself up for no apparent reason. There would be no notifications, no movement near it, it just decided that it wanted to be on. This wouldn't have been so bad, but it would never go back to sleep on its own either, even after many hours. The 3rd time I caught it doing this it had happened overnight while sitting unplugged on a table and was down to 3% battery. On the 12th day (today) the ghost touches started. I was walking along and it started spamming the home button. I have "show touches" enabled (a habit I formed after dealing with the ghost touch issue of the OnePlus One), so it was very obvious what was happening. I had my other phone on me and took a video of it. It stopped after I put it to sleep and unlocked it again, but it started to do it again 10-15 minutes later. A quick Google search when I got home and this issue is likely bigger/more common than the defective GPS on the Play. I'm not even going to try a replacement this time, or 3, or even waste my time again with Moto support (zero response from them on any of the defective G4 Plays), and just return it to Amazon for refund. I really wanted the G4 play to workout. It is the only phone I had found that has a very completely set of supported LTE bands across the main 3 carriers and wasn't $700+. Unfortunately it seems that each edition of the G4 series has their own major defect(s). I don't know what happened to Moto. My Moto X Pure was pretty good (sans overheating and weak battery life issues). I think I'm done with Moto phones for good now, they clearly can't seem to make a device that doesn't have massive issues with the basic functionality. TL;DR: In a sample size of 5 phones in 2 months, the G4 and G4 Play (and likely the Plus) series has a 100% defect rate.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Nice for iPhone switcher. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 32 GB | Color: White | Verified Purchase. We got this phone for me wife. She really likes it coming off an iPhone 5. Since I'm "tech support" for her and did the setup I do have some first-hand experience. We mainly switched to get off of our high-cost Verizon Wireless plan in favor of a much lower cost alternative. We settled on Republic Wireless for now. My wife likes the size of the screen, it's clarity (although not as good as my iPhone 6 Plus in my opinion) and the ease of use. There were a few challenges to overcome coming from the iPhone and I found totally acceptable solutions for them. All he photos were on her iPhone and in iCloud. I installed the Google Photos app on her iPhone to upload all her photos to her Google account. The Photos app installed on on Moto G then downloaded all her photos onto that phone. Also configured the new phone to automatically backup photos which was important because my wife also has an iPad. The Google Photos app on the iPad is also installed on the iPad so that now the photos are accessible on all devices just like they were with Apple Photos and iCloud. She now just uses Google Photos instead of Apple Photos. The other challenge was iTunes music. But that proved to be straight forward with "Double Twist" and their free app on the Mac and their $5 wireless-connection app on the phone. Now with just an extra step or two my wife can easily keep her iTunes synced with the Moto G. Double Twist took a bit of tinkering to get going, mostly due to some issues in her iTunes library. But now it's working very well. Make a change in iTunes, go to Double Twist and press sync and it's done.Double Twist is also nice on the phone because it's much more iTunes like than the Apple Music which I think is a bloated, confusing mess. iTunes isn't much better in my opinion but at least now the interfaces are consistent. Other than this one renegade Android phone we are an all Apple house and there is no access to Apple TV for example from the phone. But that's not an issue for us because we have two other iPads and my iPhone and two Macs if we need to share from one of those Apple devices to ATV (which is rare). All in all, considering we took her monthly phone cost from about $60 to about $23 a month and she hasn't given up any significant functionality it's a good choice for us based on our level of data usage. I'll be following in her footsteps in a few weeks as soon as my VW contract is up and may go with Ting which as another reasonable cost provider.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Works for me on CDMA and Straight talk. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 16 GB | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. #Update# one year to the date purchase phone is over heating and won't hold cell signal and I am looking for replacement. This was a NON advertising version and paid $199 that is too much for a phone that only last 1 year. Shame on Amazon for promoting something that has so little value for money spent, I will be very sceptical of any other product hyped by Amazon. Don't buy, read the other reviews. This was a great phone until it wasn't, and should have provided more than one year of service before failure. First 24 hours this is a great phone. Used the Straight talk CDMA activation kit and logged into my online account with straight talk and within 10 minutes was up and running, I did wait to install SIM and power up until completed all of the online prompts and received the confirmation that phone activation was complete. Have only ever used an Iphone so Android is change but so far so good. I opted to go without the Amazon ads because I liked the idea that the phone was not all "bloated" with apps I never use. I am a light user and so far the battery looks like will last 24hrs between charges. Time will tell if remains a great buy, but for now I am a happy camper. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars a poor product. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads | Size: 32 GB | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. Frankly very surprised at how poor a product this phone is. I've used Motorola androids for years and like their phones, but this one's a dud. It looks great but doesn't work. Basically it does the 'ghost touch' thing. The phone's home button presses itself repeatedly and vibrated without me touching the screen. It did this so much that I couldn't even power down the phone. And yes, it also does the ghost touch thing when booted into 'safe' mode. A reason perhaps it sells for just $200.. Was this review helpful to you?. The phone was used and it's not working correctly; just back and with data problems, and etc.. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. I would rate it higher if it wasn't for the poor quality of the actual screen. 3.0 out of 5 stars Ok but poor screen. So far it's working as expected.. 4.0 out of 5 stars So Far -- So Good. I’m not in USA so couldn’t repair it. It turned off all the time. No way to continue using it.. 1.0 out of 5 stars It started to fail immediately. Phone was only 5 months old and WiFi stopped working. Did all manual said to do and did a factory reset. 2.0 out of 5 stars Phone WiFi stopped working and now phone won't go to home screen.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Deleting calls and emails is cumbersome.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Worked fine for a bit, but under standard use (nothing extreme, no taking out in the rain, etc.), the rubber on/off button wore down, broke off and now I can't turn my phone on or... 2.0 out of 5 stars Cheap workmanship. I've had it for over a year now and it is great. I'm not easily enticed by little emoji updates and fingerprint capabilities nor tons of other crap I don't need,... 5.0 out of 5 stars Love my phone. Phone speaker stopped working after 4 months of use. Did a factory reset and audio still out and now even getting the error message on youtube still no audio. 1.0 out of 5 stars Phone speaker stopped working after 4 months of use.. See and discover other items: huawei p9 lite , lenovo moto g4 , motorola moto z , motorola smartphones , motorola z , best smartphone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The Motorola Moto G4 and G4 Plus Review. by Brandon Chester on August 15, 2016 8:00 AM EST. 2G / 3G / 4G LTE Cat4. 142.1 x 72.4 x 11.6mm, 155g. 153 x 76.6 x 9.8mm, 155g. 13MP Rear Facing, f/2.0, 1.12µm, 1/3.06". 16MP Rear Facing, f/2.0, 1/2.4", PDAF + Laser AF. 2.4GHz 802.11a/b/g/n, BT 4.0, GPS/GNSS, USB2.0. 2.4/5GHz 802.11a/b/g/n, BT 4.2, GPS/GNSS, USB2.0. At this point in time, I don't think the Moto G line needs any introduction. With the original Moto G in 2013 Motorola really went beyond what was thought to be possible in a mid-range smartphone. At that point in time, buying a $200 smartphone usually meant buying some Samsung or LG phone with a name nobody had ever heard of, and specs that left much to be desired. The Moto G showed that you could create an Android phone with an HD display, good performance, a good build, and good battery life at a price under $200.. Motorola has iterated on the Moto G in the years since the original model. The second generation saw an increase in the display size, but in all other respects it was the same phone as the original. The third generation Moto G was where Motorola provided a significant increase in performance, while also bumping up battery life and adding unique features like water resistance. At the time of its release, I recommended the 2015 Moto G to anyone looking for a well-. rounded Android smartphone at a price around $200.. As another year comes and goes, we get another version of the Moto G. As the mid-range smartphone market gets increasing competitive, there's more pressure to improve on a phone each year rather than shipping a basic update like the second generation Moto G was. This year Motorola, now owned by Lenovo, has gone for a strategy of segmentation. I am personally not a huge fan, as to me the Motorola phone line was characterized by its simplicity, with there just being the Moto E, Moto G, and Moto X. However, having sub-models within the Moto G line allows certain higher priced models to add additional features on top of the standard extras like more storage and RAM.. For this review I'll be looking at the Moto G4, as well as the Moto G4 Plus. Motorola also sells the Moto G4 Play which isn't part of this review, and it represents a less expensive option with reduced specifications that are similar to those of the 2015 Moto G. Below you can view the specs of both the Moto G4 and G4 Plus, with last year's Moto G thrown in for comparison.. On paper, the Moto G4 and G4 Plus look like a good improvement over the 2015 model. The SoC has moved from Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 to Snapdragon 617, which bumps the max CPU frequency to 1.5GHz and uses the much faster Adreno 405 GPU. RAM has also moved to 2GB standard, which is good to see as the 1GB Moto G was crippled compared to the 2GB model due to aggressive application eviction. In the case of the Moto G4 Plus, you have two different SKUs. The first commands a $50 premium over the equivalent Moto G4, which gets you an improved camera with PDAF and Laser AF, as well as a fingerprint scanner. An additional $50 brings the total to $299, but doubles the amount of RAM to 4GB and quadruples the storage to 64GB.. Both the Moto G4 and G4 Plus increase the display size to 5.5 inches, while also increasing resolution from 1280x720 to 1920x1080. With the increased size comes a larger but thinner chassis, and the mass is actually kept the same. Battery capacity has increased accordingly, moving from 9.39Wh to 11.4Wh. As for the cameras, the Moto G4 uses the same 13MP IMX214 rear-facing sensor from Sony, while the Moto G4 Plus adopts a much larger 16MP sensor from OmniVision. Both phones use a larger 5MP OmniVision sensor than the 2015 model's Samsung sensor.. Connectivity is mostly the same, with cellular support staying at Category 4 LTE. 5GHz WiFi has been added which is great to see, but it's still 802.11n only. NFC is still nowhere to be found, which isn't a serious issue now, but may cause some disappointment as Android Pay expands to other countries. Curiously, Motorola continues to use a MicroSIM slot despite most phones having moved to NanoSIM. They do provide a NanoSIM to MicroSIM adapter pre-installed, which saves you from having to buy an adapter.. The Moto G4 still retains Motorola's design attributes, but it departs from the design of the 2015 Moto G and other previous Motorola devices in several ways. When you hold it, the most obvious change is the fact that the back cover levels off and is mostly flat, which contrasts with all the other Motorola devices I have where the back has a continuous curve going from the left to the right side edges of the chassis. The reasoning behind this is fairly clear, as a curved back would make the phone thicker and more difficult to hold, and that wouldn't pair well with the jump from a 5-inch display to a 5.5-inch one. This does mean that the Moto G4 is not as comfortable to hold in the hand as its predecessor, but that's also just what happens when you keep increasing the screen size until a device is no longer usable in a single hand.. The back cover is still removable, and the material it's made of is distinctly different from the 2015 Moto G. It has a very fine texture, and it almost feels rubbery in a way. In contrast, the 2015 Moto G's back cover was made of a fairly hard plastic with diagonal lines running across it to create texture. I personally prefer the feel of the Moto G4's back cover, and I think it lends itself well to the new flatter design. I still don't understand why the back cover is removable when it only serves to access the SIM tray and MicroSD slot. This kind of chassis works well with removable trays, and it would eliminate the seam between the back cover and the edges of the phone.. One thing you lose with the Moto G4 is the waterproofing of the previous model. In general I don't think this is a deal-breaker, although I do have to say that I'm a bit disappointed as the 2015 Moto G has always been my go-to device for taking photos when kayaking due to its waterproofing.. Like the previous Moto G, the Moto G4 and G4 Plus have both the sleep/wake button and the volume rocker on the right side of the phone. With the previous models this wasn't necessary from a usability standpoint, but with the move to a 5.5" display it's definitely a good call. The sleep/wake button maintains its textured feeling so you can distinguish it from the volume rocker, which has always been a nice touch. Unfortunately, I don't have any other good things to say about these buttons. I've never used buttons with such a poor click to them before, not just on a smartphone but on any mechanical device I can recall using that has some sort of button. With the sleep/wake button this isn't a huge issue as you don't use it often, but with the volume rocker it becomes a legitimate usability problem.. Motorola's previous phones actually had pretty nice buttons given their prices, with the Moto E surprising me by having decent buttons despite the fact that the upper part of the mechanism was part of the removable band around the phone. The Moto G4's buttons have almost no clickiness to them at all, and in the case of the volume rocker the mushy feeling ends up compromising their usability because if you try to repeatedly press them they seem to stay in the depressed position and won't click at all until you let it reset. I had hoped that this was just some sort of flaw with one of the units, but both have the same issue. Every other Motorola device that I've reviewed has had a similar feeling to the buttons, and I don't understand why the Moto G4 has downgraded their quality this significantly.. Moving on to the front of the phone, you'll see one of the other visual differences that help to distinguish the Moto G4 Plus from the normal Moto G4. Both phones are the same in size so they have the same front plate design, but the Moto G4 Plus has placed a fingerprint scanner on the bottom bezel. Unfortunately, this is really another poor design decision on Motorola's part. The Moto G4 and G4 Plus both use on-screen buttons, and so the fingerprint scanner doesn't act as a home button with capacitive buttons for back and recent apps on the left and right. While the fingerprint sensor does its job fine apart from some scanning issues due to its small size, I find the fact that it can't act as a home button to be quite an annoyance. It's positioned exactly where you'd expect a home button to be, and I've lost track of how many times I would instinctively tap it instead of tapping the on screen home button. The entire implementation just feels very thoughtless, and the decision to put the sensor in that spot while still using on screen buttons is one of the pitfalls of segmenting products in this manner while trying to maintain a common design between them.. Owners of the 2015 Moto G may miss having two speakers on the front of their phone, but with the Moto G4 Plus putting a fingerprint scanner in that spot the feature had to go on both versions of the phone. Motorola has also made an interesting choice by putting the microphone on the bottom bezel rather than on the bottom or side of the phone. On the Moto G4 Plus this does concern me as far as durability is concerned, because you now have breaks in the glass for the microphone and the fingerprint scanner side by side, potentially creating an area that can easily crack.. In the end I'm torn on how to feel about the Moto G4's design. I really don't like that Motorola has moved to such a large display, as I have always advocated them to users looking for a smartphone that can be reasonably used in one hand. I think the design of the phone has matured from the previous Moto G, and the materials certainly feel nicer. On the other hand, the buttons don't feel good at all, and it presents a legitimate usability problem in the case of the volume rocker. The fact that the fingerprint scanner isn't a home button is also really strange given its placement, and it can take a while to train yourself to not attempt to use it as one. For me personally, I'd honestly have to describe the new design as a downgrade due to the large size, sub-optimal fingerprint scanner UX, lack of waterproofing, and poor buttons. The change in size is the biggest issue for me here, but even if you find it manageable I don't think you can really describe the Moto G4's design and build quality as a definite. Please log in or sign up to comment.. kspirit - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. The fingerprint scanner on the front ruins the look with the bottom bezel... They should have placed it on the back. Otherwise seem like pretty good phones for the price. Hopefully Moto keeps them updated instead of what they've been doing with their last few devices. nevertell - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. Do you enjoy not being able to unlock a phone whilst it's laying on a table, screen facing upwards ? I certainly don't. smartthanyou - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. Seems a pretty simple thing to just pick it up and unlock. If it is a place you frequent such as work or home, you can set it up to automatically unlock. mrochester - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. How do you get it to only unlock when it's you who is using the phone?. snowmyr - Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - link. markiz - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. This is something that is painfully obvious to me, so my I am really, really confused when people insist that fps on the back is better. johnsonx - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. I have the ZTE ZMax Pro, which is a very similar phone to the G4 Plus, but the fingerprint sensor is on the back. I almost always pick up the phone to do anything with it, and having the fingerprint sensor on the back is natural. However it does also have numerous secondary unlock methods, several of which work without picking up the phone. Presumably the G4 Plus has similar features. Cod3rror - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. The back where the dimple is seemed like the obvious choice where the FP sensor would go. markiz - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. Again, you have no problem with having to pick up the phone ALL the time?. Cod3rror - Monday, August 15, 2016 - link. How often you use your phone when it's on its back compared to holding it in your hand? Most people pick up their phones purely as a habit now. IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for moto g4. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save moto g4 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow moto g4 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BRAND NEW MOTOROLA MOTO G4 16GB 5.5" UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE LENOVO XT1625 BLACK. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. New Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 32GB Black Unlocked Smartphone NO ADS. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. Moto G4 (UNLOCKED) Motorola XT1625 Black 16GB 00991NARTL. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 16GB - Black. For Motorola Moto G4 Play/Moto G Play 4th Gen Holster Case Hybrid Cover Black. New Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 16GB 32GB (Unlocked) Smartphone NO ADS. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 16GB (Unlocked) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. Moto G4 (16GB, 2GB RAM) US 4G LTE 5.5" Dual Sim GSM Factory Unlocked XT1621 NEW. Moto G 4th Gen -32GB- Black (Unlocked) SPEAKER DOESN'T FUNCTION -722449-. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. Open Box Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1641 5.5" 32GB 4G LTE Android Factory Unlocked. NEW UNLOCKED MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY XT1607 16GB GSM 4G LTE 5" FACTORY SEALED. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT16- 16GB - Black Smartphone Republic wireless. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. NEW Motorola Moto G4 Play 16GB Unlocked BLACK Smartphone XT1607 - NO ADS!. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. For Motorola Moto G4 Play Shockproof Dual Layer Armor Hard Defender Case Cover. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 Black 16GB Factory Unlocked 00991NARTL. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone w/Amazon Offers. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. Motorola Moto G (4th Gen) (XT1625) - GSM Unlocked - 16GB - Black- No ads! Great!. Motorola Moto G4 (XT1625) / 16GB / GSM Unlocked / Amazon Version. Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 4G LTE. 4 new & refurbished from $96.44. Motorola Moto G4 Play Smartphone - Black - 16 GB - Unlocked Phone- BRAND NEW!. Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 4th Gen XT1625 32GB Black Smartphone GSM. New Sealed, Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G4 Play MOTXT1609PP 5" 16GB Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $84.96. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation G4 16GB Black White Unlocked. Moto G4 Play (4th gen) - Black/White 16GB Unlocked xt1607 WITHOUT OFFERS. Motorola Moto G4 Smartphone - Black - 16 GB - Unlocked Phone- BRAND NEW & SEALED. NEW - Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1644 - 64GB - Black GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone NO ADS. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. USED - Motorola Moto G4 XT1621 5.5" 16GB 2GB RAM 4G LTE Dual Factory Unlocked. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Moto G 4th Gen XT1625 (Latest Model) 16GB BLACK (Unlocked) 9.9/10 NO ADS!. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Moto G4 Play (4th gen.) 16GB Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE Andorid 2GB Black NEW. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 Black 16GB Factory Unlocked 00991NARTL. Moto XT1644 G4 Plus 4th Gen 5.5 Inch full HD 64GB Storage 4 GB RAM Unlocked NEW. 11 new & refurbished from $207.99. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 16GB Black Factory Unlocked with Amazon Ads. 6 new & refurbished from $90.00. Original Unlocked Motorola Moto X XT1058 - 4.7" 3G/4G Wifi 16GB NFC 10MP Android. Motorola Moto G4 (4th Gen.) 16/32GB XT1625 Factory Unlocked 5.5" 13MP Smartphone. Motorola Moto G4 Play ‑ 16 GB ‑ Black ‑ Verizon - SMALL SCREEN CHIP -391824-. Moto G4 Plus 4th Gen XT1644 16GB/64GB GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 16GB Black Fully Unlocked / Any Carrier. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. BLACK REFINED ARMOR COVER PHONE CASE & SWIVEL HOLSTER FOR MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 GSM/CDMA - 16GB (Unlocked). Original Motorola Moto G4 XT1622 Unlocked 4G LTE 13MP CAMERA 16GB ROM 2GB RAM. Motorola Moto G4 4th Generation XT1625 GSM/CDMA - 16GB (Unlocked). 6 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1642 Dual Sim 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" Black White. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) …. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola XT1641 Moto G4 Plus GSM Factory Unlocked 32GB Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 Unlocked XT1625 4th Gen. MOTOROLA MOTO G4 XT1621 BLACK 16GB SINGLE SIM 4G LTE 5.5" GSM FACTORY UNLOCKED. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation~Ver izon Prepaid~Brand New~Clean IMEI. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 16GB Black Smartphone republic wireless. Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 GSM/CDMA 16GB Black Factory Unlocked w/Amazon Ads&Offers. Unlocked NIB - Motorola Moto G 4G LTE 8GB XT1045 (Black) - Previously on Cricket. 3 new & refurbished from $115.00. Motorola Moto G (4th Gen) (XT1625) GSM Unlocked 16GB Black. 6 new & refurbished from $90.00. Moto G4 Black 32GB Unlocked with Lockscreen Offers & Ads | XT1625 4th Generation. 1 new & refurbished from $129.00. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. Motorola Moto G4 Dual Sim 16GB White GSM ONLY, Unlocked, International. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 16GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone NEW. 6 new & refurbished from $147.98. Motorola Moto G4 Plus XT1642 32GB Black 5.5" 16MP Android Phone By FedEx. Motorola Moto G4 (XT1625) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-04 (T-Mobile) Smartphone. For Motorola Moto G4 Play/Moto G Play 4th Gen Case Hard Phone Cover. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. BRAND NEW - Ships Fast - US LTE 4G Bands. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. US Seller | Fast Shipping | Black and White. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 inches (153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm). Weight 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 25, 26. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $138 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. Phone Holders, Holsters & Belt Clips. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto G4 - Phone Holders, Holsters & Belt Clips. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto G4 -2in1 Phone Stand and Credit Card Holder, Black. Easy to attach; just peel and stick!. Removes easily and can be used over and over. Use on your favorite phone case to add a card slot and kickstand. Use it as a headphone winder to keep your headphones untangled. Card slot can carry cards, cash, documents, etc. Silicone keeps phone from sliding on surfaces. Choose from a variety of colors. Motorola Moto G4 -Slim Elastic Phone Grip Sticky Attachment, White. Motorola Moto G4 -Galaxy Design Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Multi-Color. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Window Mount Phone Holder, Black. Convenient phone holder for all vehicles. Adjustable cradle accommodates most phones and PDAs. Comes with a smooth disc that attaches to textured surfaces. Holds your device securely with three grip bars. Motorola Moto G4 -Cellet Anti-Slip Car Holder, Black. Holds your device for better hands-free viewing. Suitable for electronic devices 4.3” - 7” long, and 16mm thick (max). Motorola Moto G4 -Window Car Holder, Black. Convenient Phone Holder for All Vehicles. Fully Adjustable Cradle - Works w/All Phones and PDAs. Motorola Moto G4 -Window Car Holder, Black. Car Window Mount for Cell Phones. Adjustable design that fits nearly any mobile device. Allows complete access to all controls and ports. 360° rotation for optimal mounting and viewing angles. Motorola Moto G4 -Universal Metallic Clover Design Ring Grip and Stand Holder, Rose Gold. Motorola Moto G4 -Scorpion Holder, Black. Ideal for GPS units, MP3 players & smartphones. Heavy-duty double suction technology mount holds firmly to any smooth surface. Quick-release button makes for easy removal. Cradle rotates for viewing in portrait or landscape profiles. Suctions onto wood, plastic, metal, drywall, glass, etc!. Motorola Moto G4 -Marble Swirl Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, White. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Universal Metallic Clover Design Ring Grip and Stand Holder, Gold. Motorola Moto G4 -Slim Elastic Phone Grip Sticky Attachment, Black. Motorola Moto G4 -CyonGear 360 Degree Windshield Dashboard Phone Holder. Keeps phone in place while on the road. Offers a better view of the phone for using GPS. Spring loaded arms fit phones, MP3 players and other devices. Fits phones up to 3 inches wide. Foam padding won't damage your device. Includes fixing plate to mount on dashboard. The perfect car phone holder for bluetooth calls. Motorola Moto G4 -Mandala Mint Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Mint. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Cellet Auto Visor Holder, Black. Motorola Moto G4 -Madala Purple Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Purple. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Naztech 2-In-1 Dash Mount Holder, Black. Universal Design Securely Holds Most Portable Electronics. Rotates 360º for Vertical or Landscape Viewing. Motorola Moto G4 -Geode Design Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Multi-Color. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Metallic Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Gold. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Geometric Design Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Multi-Color. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Premium Leather Horizontal Pouch with card slots and belt clip, Black. Motorola Moto G4 -Blooming Flower Design Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Pink. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Cellet AC and USB Charging Car Holder, Black. Easily plugs into any car cigarette lighter socket or 12-volt power port. Adjustable slide arms expand to 2.75 inches (70mm) wide. Features additional AC and USB inputs. Motorola Moto G4 -Sandstorm Design Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Multi-Color. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -360 Degree Magnetic Quick-Snap Windshield and Car Dash Mount for Smartphones , Black. Two metal plates: two round plates for non-removable battery doors (stick onto back of phone or phone case), thin plate for removable battery doors (place in between battery and battery door). Sticky suction cup easily sticks onto your windshield securely. Quick-snap technology allows your device to snap onto the holder instantly. Universal fit for most smartphones and small handheld devices. Motorola Moto G4 -Spring Flowers Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Multi-Color. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Geometric Marble Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Multi-Color. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Henna Design Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Multi-Color. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Horizontal Carrying Pouch with Belt Clip, Black. Handcrafted with full grain genuine leather material. Durable, re-enforced detailed stitching with soft interior lining for added phone protection. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 -Slim Elastic Phone Grip Sticky Attachment, Purple. Motorola Moto G4 -Slim Elastic Phone Grip Sticky Attachment, Pink. Motorola Moto G4 -Rubber Silicone Stick-on Card Pocket, Black. Motorola Moto G4 -Pattern Swirl Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Pink. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -Mandala Expandable Phone Grip and Stand, Gold. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat!. Secure grip for texting, calling, photos, and selfies. Compatible with all smartphones and tablets. Mount your mobile device on to virtually anywhere for secure hands-free access. Can be used as a media stand, cord wrap, texting grip, photo grip, and much more. Motorola Moto G4 -2in1 Phone Stand and Credit Card Holder, Gray. Easy to attach; just peel and stick!. Removes easily and can be used over and over. Use on your favorite phone case to add a card slot and kickstand. Use it as a headphone winder to keep your headphones untangled. Card slot can carry cards, cash, documents, etc. Silicone keeps phone from sliding on surfaces. Choose from a variety of colors. Motorola Moto G4 -Compact Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Dashboard Holder for Smartphones, Black. 2 metal plates: one round plate for non-removable battery doors (stick onto back of phone), thin plate for removable battery doors (place in between battery and battery door). High quality 3M adhesive to stick onto your dashboard. Extra strong magnet allows your device to snap onto the holder instantly. Device can be positioned to any desired angle. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors Motorola Moto G Phone Cases. Showing 40 of 1036522 results that match your query.. Product - Moto G5 Plus Case, Evocel [Belt Clip Holster] [Kickstand] [Dual Layer] New Generation Phone Case for Motorola Moto G Plus (5th Gen) (2017), Blue. Price List price $ 18. Moto G5 Plus Case , Evocel [Belt Clip Holster] [Kickstand] [Dual Layer] New Generation Phone Case for Moto rola Moto G Plus (5th Gen) (2017), Blue. Product - For Motorola Moto G4 Moto G4 Plus Moto G Plus Clear Screen Protector. For Moto rola Moto G4 Moto G4 Plus Moto G Plus Clear Screen Protector. Product - Motorola Moto G (1st Gen) Phone Case, Motorola Moto G (1st Gen) Case, by Insten Hard Dual Layer Rubber Coated Silicone Cover Case For Motorola Moto G (1st Gen) case cover. 69 - $ 6. Moto rola Moto G (1st Gen) Phone Case , Moto rola Moto G (1st Gen) Case , by Insten Hard Dual Layer Rubber Coated Silicone Cover Case For Moto rola Moto G (1st Gen) case cover. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case, Tank Series Hard Protective Armor Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case , Tank Series Hard Protective Armor Phone Cover. Product - Hard Rubberized Case for Motorola Moto G - Hot Pink. Hard Rubberized Case for Moto rola Moto G - Hot Pink. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case, WrapGuard Series HD Clear Soft Flexible Slim Fit TPU Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case , WrapGuard Series HD Clear Soft Flexible Slim Fit TPU Phone Cover. Product - For Motorola Moto G 3rd Gen Hard Impact Astronoot Protector Cover Case +Holster. For Moto rola Moto G 3rd Gen Hard Impact Astronoot Protector Cover Case +Holster. Product - Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) Phone Case, Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) Case, by Insten Car Armor Hard Dual Layer Hybrid Case For Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) case cover. 59 - $ 7. Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) Phone Case , Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) Case , by Insten Car Armor Hard Dual Layer Hybrid Case For Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) case cover. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case, Atomic Series Slim Protective Kickstand Phone Cover. 97 - $ 8. CoverON Moto rola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case , Atomic Series Slim Protective Kickstand Phone Cover. Product - Insten Folio Wallet Leather Case with Card slot For Motorola Moto G (1st Gen) - Pink/White. Insten Folio Wallet Leather Case with Card slot For Moto rola Moto G (1st Gen) - Pink/White. Product - For Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen)Inverse Advanced Impact Armor Stand Protector Cover. For Moto rola Moto G (3rd Gen)Inverse Advanced Impact Armor Stand Protector Cover. Product - Motorola Moto G 3rd Generation phone case, by Insten Rubber TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen), Black. Moto rola Moto G 3rd Generation phone case , by Insten Rubber TPU Case Cover For Moto rola Moto G (3rd Gen), Black. Product - Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) Phone Case, Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) Case, by Insten Folio Leather Wallet Cover Stand Case with card slot For Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) case cover. 29 - $ 5. Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) Phone Case , Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) Case , by Insten Folio Leather Wallet Cover Stand Case with card slot For Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) case cover. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case, ClearGuard Series Clear Hard Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case , ClearGuard Series Clear Hard Phone Cover. Product - Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Motorola Moto G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Moto rola Moto G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - For Motorola Moto G4 Moto G4 Plus Moto G Plus Hybrid T Kickstand Case - Black+Black. For Moto rola Moto G4 Moto G4 Plus Moto G Plus Hybrid T Kickstand Case - Black+Black. Product - Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) Phone Case, Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) Case, by Insten Gel Dual Layer Rubber Hard Cover Case wit Diamond For Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) case cover. Price List price $ 10. Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) Phone Case , Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) Case , by Insten Gel Dual Layer Rubber Hard Cover Case wit Diamond For Moto rola Moto G (2nd Gen) case cover. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case, Shadow Armor Series Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Generation Case , Shadow Armor Series Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover. Product - for 5" Motorola G 3 2015 moto G3 Case Phone Case Wallet Hybrid Fold Kick Stand Pouch Card Pocket Purse Grip Grained Screen Flip Cover Love Anchor. for 5" Motorola G 3 2015 moto G3 Case Phone Case Wallet Hybrid Fold Kick Stand Pouch Card Pocket Purse Grip Grained Screen Flip Cover Love Anchor. Product - w/ Optional Value Pack for 5" Motorola G 3 2015 moto G3 Case Wallet Phone Case Hybrid Kick stand Pouch Purse Grip Grained Screen Flip Cover Love Anchor. 99 - $ 3. w/ Optional Value Pack for 5" Motorola G 3 2015 moto G3 Case Wallet Phone Case Hybrid Kick stand Pouch Purse Grip Grained Screen Flip Cover Love Anchor. Product - For Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen)Astronoot Impact Armor Phone Protector Case Cover. For Moto rola Moto G (3rd Gen)Astronoot Impact Armor Phone Protector Case Cover. Product - Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR AT&T Motorola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR AT&T Moto rola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Cricket Motorola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Cricket Moto rola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR Cricket Motorola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR Cricket Moto rola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Gen. Case, HexaGuard Series Hard Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto G5 / Moto G 5th Gen. Case , HexaGuard Series Hard Phone Cover. Product - Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Verizon Motorola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Verizon Moto rola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Moto rola Moto G Turbo Edition * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Motorola Moto G 4G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Moto rola Moto G 4G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Cricket Motorola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Cricket Moto rola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Boost Mobile Motorola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Boost Mobile Moto rola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Verizon Motorola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Verizon Moto rola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR Boost Mobile Motorola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR Boost Mobile Moto rola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR U.S. Cellular Motorola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR U.S. Cellular Moto rola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR U.S. Cellular Motorola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip FOR U.S. Cellular Moto rola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - For Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen)Astronoot Impact Armor Phone Protector Case Cover. For Moto rola Moto G (3rd Gen)Astronoot Impact Armor Phone Protector Case Cover. Product - Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Motorola Moto G 4G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Leather Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Moto rola Moto G 4G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR AT&T Motorola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR AT&T Moto rola Moto G (1st gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Motorola Moto G 4G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Moto rola Moto G 4G (2nd gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Boost Mobile Motorola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Boost Mobile Moto rola Moto G (3rd gen.) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Motorola Moto G 4G (1st gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Moto rola Moto G 4G (1st gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 25914 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-112869611, DC-prod-dal4, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Oct 24, 2016 12:17 PM by puregarlic. GalaxyClass Jul 7, 2016 10:46 PM. Tags: none ( add ). Will this be the next low cost Hot July Smartphone?. Not a game phone but still a solid buy...or not?. Check it out and tell us what you think.. Motorola Moto G4 review - CNET. I have the same question Show 0 Likes (0). This content has been marked as final.. Show 3 replies. ( in response to GalaxyClass ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I plan on buying the G4 plus to replace my 1st gen Moto G.. ( in response to onabudget ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). ( in response to GalaxyClass ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). This is a awesome Open US Network smartphone.. In Canada and having nightmare issues because it is not a "verizon" phone so no data.. They are working very hard behind the scenes in International Tech Support, kudos to them.. If you intend to travel anywhere outside the USA you may have to get a Verizon-sold phone or a expensive data package.. Very frustrated with Verizon at this junction.. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
The Guardian - Back to home. What term do you want to search?. The 5.5in Moto G4 Plus is no longer punching above its weight, but is still a great device.. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Moto G4 and G4 Plus review: great phone, no longer quite so budget. Latest Motorola, now Lenovo, Moto G has grown in size, power and price, with a good screen, camera and microSD slot, but no NFC. Fri 17 Jun 2016 07.00. Last modified on Tue 21 Feb 2017 17.22. The plastic backs of the white and black variants - here the black is the Moto G4 and the white the Moto G4 Plus. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The Moto G4 on the left in black, the Moto G4 Plus with fingerprint scanner on the right in white. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Screen: 5.5in full HD LCD (401ppi). Storage: 16GB + microSD card. Camera: 16MP/13MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera. Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fin, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS. Dimensions: 153 x 76.6 x 9.8mm. Enough power to get the job done and last a day doing it. The dual-Sim version of the Moto G4 Plus with the back removed showing the two microSim slots and the microSD card slot for adding more storage. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The new Moto G4 has the same stripped-back pure Android experience that made the previous Motorola phones so popular. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The fingerprint scanner on the Moto G4 Plus is small but accurate. It doesn’t act as a home button, however. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The Moto camera app has been significantly improved and makes it easy to capture decent photos. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The Moto dimple still hangs on in there on the back. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. With a 5.5in screen, the Moto G4 is certainly no longer a small phone. The back is removable, but the battery is not. The black variant is made of a nicer material and looks a lot better than the white. Motorola’s voice control feature is missing, but Google Now can be accessed whenever the screen is on or the phone is charging via “OK Google”. No NFC means no Android Pay (or one-touch Bluetooth pairing). The Moto G4 and G4 Plus both have microUSB connectors instead of the new reversible USB-C connector. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Honor 5X review – a lot of phone for the money, let down by poor software. Google Nexus 5X review: the people’s Android phone?. Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) review: the best budget smartphone just got better. Motorola Moto X Force review: great phone with a screen you simply can’t break. T he first Moto smartphone since Motorola was bought by Lenovo is an update of the budget superstar, the Moto G. Can the new fourth generation Moto G4 capture what was so good about the last three Moto G phones?. Under Google the Motorola brand had a distinctive design that stretched from the cheap Moto E to the top-of-the-line Moto X .. The Moto G embodied that aesthetic with a cheerful look, rounded back and the surprisingly comfortable Motorola dimple on the back. Lenovo’s Moto G4 has pretty much dumped that winning design and looks a lot more generic as a result.. The front is one flat piece of glass. The rear is a tough-feeling vinyl or soft-touch plastic, depending on colour. The only remnants of the Motorola design is Moto’s M logo in the back and an oblong lump where the camera lens pokes through.. It’s not an ugly design, it feels solidly built, but is a bit thick at 9.8mm and looks a little bit just like everything else.. The screen has grown from 5in to 5.5in and is now full HD instead of 720p, which means it’s visibly crisper, while maintaining good viewing angles and colour reproduction making it one of the best displays on a device costing under £200.. The only difference between the Moto G4 and the G4 Plus is a fingerprint scanner on the front, which sits in a small, raised square at the bottom of the screen.. Both Moto G4s have the same octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor, and a choice of 2, 3 or 4GB of RAM, depending on which storage variant you pick.. I tested both the Moto G4 and G4 Plus with 16GB of storage and 2GB of RAM. Performance was excellent for both smartphones, with a snappy response and relatively smooth transitions between apps.. The Moto G4 isn’t on the same level as a top-end smartphone in terms of speed, but it gets the job done for most things without issue. It even coped pretty well with high intensity games such as Shooting Stars or Super Crossfighter .. Battery life was just over a day. With hundreds of push notifications, four hours Bluetooth music streaming, three hours using apps and browsing, as well as the odd photo and a quick game, the G4 lasted 26 hours. Standby time was excellent, dropping just 4% in 10 hours.. The Moto G4 also supports fast charging reaching 100% in just over 70 minutes if left to do its thing.. Dual-Sim versions of the Moto G4 are available from Motorola’s Moto Maker, which take micro Sims, but come with nano Sim adapters. A microSD card slot is also hidden under the removable back for adding more storage.. The design of the Moto G4 might have changed on the outside, but the software on the inside hasn’t. It’s the same stripped back “pure” Android experience that Motorola made so effective with the original Moto G.. Aside from a Moto app, which allows users to customise gestures such as a karate chop to turn on the torch or a quick couple of twists of the wrist to activate the camera, there’s no bloat to speak of. The Moto app also enables a quick notification display mode for when the phone’s screen is off, which allows users to tap and hold a small black and white icon of an app to see what it’s trying to tell them.. The rest of the Android 6.0 Marshmallow experience is refined and really doesn’t require manufacturers to make drastic changes, so Lenovo should be applauded for continuing where Motorola left off.. The Moto G4 Plus’s fingerprint scanner is interesting. As a way to unlock your smartphone it’s fast and accurate despite being relatively small. But it sticks out of the front of the phone instead of being flush, looking like an odd square button.. It also doesn’t operate like a home button, which means after your phone is unlocked tapping it does nothing - you have to use the on-screen navigation keys. It’s not bad, per se, just a bit unintuitive.. The Moto G4 has a 13-megapixel camera on the back, while the Moto G4 Plus has a 16-megapixel camera.. The two cameras are very similar indeed. The G4 Plus produces very slightly better photos, with more detail and a more natural colour-balance, but the difference is difficult to see until you zoom right in. The Moto G4 Plus was slightly faster and more reliable when focusing.. I found both cameras produced good, if not spectacular photos in a mixture of lighting conditions. They won’t worry the best of the mid-range cameras, such as that on the Nexus 5X, but they are both a cut above the previous Moto Gs, and most will be pleased with the images they capture for the price.. The 5-megapixel selfie cameras on both phones produce decent photos that are a bit soft on detail at full resolution.. The Moto camera app has also improved, with plenty of manual control using intuitive and attractive sliders should you need it, but lacks RAW support. Lenovo is also throwing in two-years of Google Photos full resolution upload support with both smartphones, instead of being limited to 16-megapixel photos that are of slightly lower quality.. The Motorola Moto G4 starts at £169 for 16GB of storage, while the Moto G4 Plus starts at £199 (£229 from Lenovo’s Motorola Moto Maker).. For comparison, Google’s 5.2in Nexus 5X is available for £220 with 32GB of storage and Huawei’s 5.5in Honor 5X is available for £170 .. The new Moto G4 has lost a bit of the charm that made the previous Moto Gs delightful and has grown considerably in size, but is a step up in terms of overall quality. It has a good screen, a day’s battery, decent performance and cameras, plus a microSD slot and dual Sim support if you need it.. The lack of NFC and therefore the lack of Android Pay is a disappointment, as is the fact it doesn’t come encrypted by default.. The biggest problem, however, is that the new Moto G is no longer quite as cheap as its predecessors. At £169 for the base level Moto G4 it is awfully close to some very good £200-ish smartphones. As you start adding storage it becomes even less of a deal. At £199 the Moto G4 Plus is an even harder sell particularly with Huawei’s Honor 5X costing just £170 and the practically-flagship Nexus 5X costing £220.. It’s likely to sell below asking price relatively soon, which will make the base Moto G4 a better proposition. There’s no doubt the Moto G4 is a good phone, but it used to be the case that you had to spend a lot more money to get a much better phone than the Moto G. Sadly, the Moto G4 is no longer a must-buy at its £169 asking price.. Pros: good performance, microSD slot, dual-Sim, good screen, optional fingerprint sensor, decent cameras, pure Android. Cons: only a day’s battery, no longer a smaller phone, no longer that cheap, no NFC. © 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto G4 currently has an Informr score of 7.6 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 18. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. What's good Beautiful display All-day battery life Price Dual-SIM option Clutter-free interface Above-average camera. What's bad Poor low-light camera performance Non-removable battery No NFC No TurboPower charger included. The Motorola G-Series has built a loyal following on its affordable pricing, bloat-free software and attention to design details. However, Motorola has changed hands from Google to Lenovo since the last release--leaving some wondering what will come of the phone line. With the new Motorola Moto G4 , it seems the answer is finally here!. We’ve scoured the leading review sites to see what people are saying about the phone. Let’s take a look at what they’re saying!. Looking at the phone, you’re greeted with a plastic chassis typical of the budget- to mid-tier market. Reviewers all agree that the design is one of the best currently available for the price. The Inquirer chimed in on the look, saying, “Yes it's simple, but the smooth curves make it stylish too.”. The phone lacks the IPX7 water resistance of previous models, but the look overall remains very similar. Reviewers did note that the phone is quite large, due to the screen size, but comfortable to hold. GSMArena notes, “Moto G4 feels rock solid and you wouldn't have a hard time to pass off the side frame as metal (it isn't, though).”. Coming around to the front of the phone, you’ll find a 5.5-inch IPS 1080p display. This is a substantial boost in size compared to previous models and about as large as a mobile screen gets before venturing into two-hand usage territory. As the largest screen on a G-series phone yet, reviews indicate that it’s not just about big numbers--the screen looks good too!. Expert Reviews put the display through a range of tests and declared that it offers “brilliant results for a budget smartphone, and its punchy colors look great regardless of whether you're browsing the web or looking at photos in your gallery.” Recombu agreed, saying, “the Moto G4 strikes a nice balance between realistic colors and eye-pleasing hues.”. Pushing all those pixels, you’ll find an octa-core Snapdragon 617 processor. It is firmly mid-tier, but reviews indicate that it’s capable of solid performance. Expert Reviews said, “It's beautiful to use on a day-to-day basis and it's even a pretty capable gaming machine, too.” Combine with 2GB of RAM, the phone should offer smooth and reliable performance for the foreseeable future. Pocket-Lint put the through a series of benchmark tests, and the figures appear to back this up. They note, “Sure, it might not handle the latest 3D games, or offer 4K video capture, in the way that flagship handsets do, but in daily tasks there's little it won't do.”. You’ll find options for 16 or 32GB of internal storage. If you’re looking to keep your trove of music, movies or games on hand at all times, there’s also microSD card support for cards up to 128GB.. All reviews agreed that the 3,000mAh battery was great. The Inquirer notes, “We were able comfortably to get through a day on a single charge, but you'll need to recharge before picking up your adventures the next day.” The phone includes TurboPower charging support, though you’ll have to shell out a little extra to get the charger, as it’s only included with the beefier G4 Plus by default. With the charger, Lenovo claims you can get up to 6 hours of usage out of a 15-minute charge.. For those looking to take snapshots on the go, you’ll find a 13MP rear camera with phase detection auto-focus and dual-tone LED flash. The phone received some criticism for its low-light performance and the color reproduction in videos. However, reviews for the camera are generally positive. GSM Arena says, “Image quality is above average for the class, though colors are slightly oversaturated.” The camera software gets equally good reviews, with The Inquirer noting, “This is very much a pick-up-and-shoot experience, and what you see is what you get.” For selfie fans and video chatters, Alphr says the 5MP front-facing lens “captures colorful and crisp selfies.”. It appears that Lenovo has chosen to stay true to the G-series software experience as well. You’ll find the interface very similar to stock Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. Reviewers all noted smooth performance and little bloatware. They also loved the gesture controls. The flick and chop actions for launching the camera and enabling the flashlight were particularly popular.. There were a couple of minor complaints about the Moto G4. The first is a lack of NFC--this means no Android Pay or tap-syncing of information. The second was the lack of fingerprint sensor--an increasingly common inclusion.. Overall, reviews indicate that the phone brings the G-series up to date without deviating far from the popular Motorola formula. Alphr loved the handset, saying, “The Moto G4 is an extraordinarily good budget smartphone; a little large, perhaps, but for the money, it's basically flawless.”. However, if you’re looking to use the TurboPower feature, you might consider the G4 Plus, as it includes the charger and a few improved features for slightly more than the cost of the charger outright.. The Moto G4 is an impressive improvement upon older generations of Motorola's most popular handset and it may well be the best phone you can buy on a budget.. Although the new Moto G4 is more expensive than the third-generation, Motorola is offering a Full HD screen, better processor, more storage and memory. Not everyone will enjoy the jump to 5.5in or the lack of full waterproofing but this is still a brilliant phone for under £200. The Moto G4 proves a budget phone can be quite capable.. If you want to spend no more than $200 (plus whatever tax is in order) on a smartphone, Moto G4 is still the best smartphone on the market. Motorola's industrial design may have become a bit more bland this time around, but the device is right on the money for cash value.. The budget-phone segment is becoming increasingly competitive, with a number of sub-$200 phones now offering long battery life, increased durability or some combination of attractive features. Lenovo's enhancements to the Moto G4 keep that phone near the front of the budget pack.. Motorola released the Moto G4 on May 18, 2016.. Where can I download the Moto G4 manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto G4 user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto G4 with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto G4 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Why does screen timeout go off in seconds on the Motorola Moto G4?. 1 How do I replace a defective Motorola Moto G4 purchased from Consumer Cellular?. 1 How do you send 1 message to multiple contacts on Motorola Moto G4?. 1 Why can't I change font size on the Motorola Moto G4?. 1 How to turn off visual accessability on Motorola Moto G4?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto G4's screen size is 5.5 inches with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 Octa core 1.5 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3000 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1221 minutes, Unknown Wi-Fi surfing.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 Octa core 1.5 GHz. Head: 1.23 W/kg Body: 1.1 W/kg. Data Cable, Headset, Manual, USB Power Adapter. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.3 x 7.7 x 0.8 cm (6 x 3 x 0.3 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Image stabilization, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Other Names (AKA): Motorola Moto G (4th Gen), Moto G (2016). Quick Start Guide (PDF) Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto G4 Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto G4. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /850/900/1800/2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto G4. The Moto G4 is an impressive improvement upon older generations of Motorola's most popular handset and it may well be the best phone you can buy on a budget.. The Moto G4 is an impressive improvement upon older generations of Motorola's most popular handset and it may well be the best phone you can buy on a budget.. One of the best phones under £200. Although the new Moto G4 is more expensive than the third-generation, Motorola is offering a Full HD screen, better processor, more storage and memory. Not everyone will enjoy the jump to 5.5in or the lack of full waterproofing but this is still a brilliant phone for under £200. Although the new Moto G4 is more expensive than the third-generation, Motorola is offering a Full HD screen, better processor, more storage and memory. Not everyone will enjoy the jump to 5.5in or the lack of full waterproofing but this is still a brilliant phone for under £200. Just bear in mind that the 3rd-gen Moto G is now a great buy at £149 and the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 offers similar specs for just £125 (albeit SIM-locked).. So is the Moto G4 worth the $199.99 price tag? In a word, yes. This phone packs a serious punch for its asking cost. You get fantastic battery life, a decent display, and a camera that delivers great results. While there are some small issues it doesn't take away from the whole package, and the M... So is the Moto G4 worth the $199.99 price tag? In a word, yes. This phone packs a serious punch for its asking cost. You get fantastic battery life, a decent display, and a camera that delivers great results. While there are some small issues it doesn't take away from the whole package, and the Moto G4 is a contender in the budget range of phones.. Right on the money for cash value. If you want to spend no more than $200 (plus whatever tax is in order) on a smartphone, Moto G4 is still the best smartphone on the market. Motorola's industrial design may have become a bit more bland this time around, but the device is right on the money for cash value.. If you want to spend no more than $200 (plus whatever tax is in order) on a smartphone, Moto G4 is still the best smartphone on the market. Motorola's industrial design may have become a bit more bland this time around, but the device is right on the money for cash value.. Bright, big display; decent performance; and above-average battery life. The budget-phone segment is becoming increasingly competitive, with a number of sub-$200 phones now offering long battery life, increased durability or some combination of attractive features. Lenovo's enhancements to the Moto G4 keep that phone near the front of the budget pack.. The budget-phone segment is becoming increasingly competitive, with a number of sub-$200 phones now offering long battery life, increased durability or some combination of attractive features. Lenovo's enhancements to the Moto G4 keep that phone near the front of the budget pack.. Without quick updates this phone is merely good, not great. The G4 is still a really solid budget smartphone. But I can't recommend it as loudly or as happily as I could recommend the original Moto G, nor is it the cheapest decent phone you can buy. Consumers could do worse, but Lenovo could do better.. The G4 is still a really solid budget smartphone. But I can't recommend it as loudly or as happily as I could recommend the original Moto G, nor is it the cheapest decent phone you can buy. Consumers could do worse, but Lenovo could do better.. Lenovo focused in on all the right things with the Moto G4. The big display is a pleasure to use, the camera is solid, the battery lasts beyond a day, and performance is smooth.. Lenovo focused in on all the right things with the Moto G4. The big display is a pleasure to use, the camera is solid, the battery lasts beyond a day, and performance is smooth.. Clean software build, above average performance. The Moto G4 is a good phone. What we’re not too sure of is the price to performance ratio. The device has been launched in a market with no dearth of competition and frankly, the competitors offer a lot more for the price.. The Moto G4 is a good phone. What we’re not too sure of is the price to performance ratio. The device has been launched in a market with no dearth of competition and frankly, the competitors offer a lot more for the price.. The Moto G4 is a decent step up from the Moto G, thanks to its larger and sharper screen. But it still doesn't have a great camera.. The Moto G4 is a decent step up from the Moto G, thanks to its larger and sharper screen. But it still doesn't have a great camera.. Very decent smartphone, offering good battery life and a decent camera. The Moto G4 is a decent smartphone, offering one of the best smartphone photography in the budget segment, along with good battery life. Unfortunately, it does not offer the all-round performance balance that the likes of LeEco Le 2, Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 and Lenovo ZUK Z1 do. It is a good smartphone, only not the best.. The Moto G4 is a decent smartphone, offering one of the best smartphone photography in the budget segment, along with good battery life. Unfortunately, it does not offer the all-round performance balance that the likes of LeEco Le 2, Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 and Lenovo ZUK Z1 do. It is a good smartphone, only not the best.. Lost all my data, contact's n #s. Cricket store said they fixed it. Instead I got slammed and Cricket refused to help. If I wanted help I'd have to get "court order". Will never trust another Google Motorola phone.. How to Hard Reset Motorola Moto G4 / Moto G4 Plus 4th Generation. Motorola Moto G4 Unboxing & Hands on. Motorola Moto G4 Battery Replacement Guide - RepairsUniverse. no pc BYPASS GOOGLE Account on Motorola Moto G4, G4 Plus, G4 Play | Remove Factory Reset Protection. Motorola Moto G4: Cell Phone Overview & Tour (1 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. Motorola Moto G4 + G4 Plus: Hands-on Video Review. How To Unlock Motorola Moto G4 - In 5 minutes!. Motorola Moto G4 /G4 Plus /G4 Play : Bypass Google Account Remove FRP. Motorola Moto G4: Making and Receiving Calls (3 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. Motorola Moto G4: Getting Started (2 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. Motorola Moto G4 4th Generation Unboxing. Motorola Moto G4: Using Email and the Internet (5 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. Motorola Moto G4 review: A better buy than the Moto G5?. The Moto G4 may be an older model now, but it's every bit as good as the new Moto G5 You are here: Home Motorola Motorola Moto G4 review: A better buy than the Moto G5?. whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email. Page 1 of 2 Motorola Moto G4 review: A better buy than the Moto G5? 1. Motorola Moto G4 review: A better buy than the Moto G5? 2. Motorola Moto G4: Display, Camera, Software, Verdict. Motorola Moto G4 review: No argument, the Moto G4 is big Motorola Moto G4 review:. The Moto G4 is no longer Lenovo's top budget phone. That position has been taken by the Moto G5 – or more accurately, it should be, but isn't somehow.. Conventional wisdom says that phones should improve year-on-year, but the Moto G5 is actually a step backwards. A small one, but a step backwards all the same. The semi-metal design makes it look a bit nicer, but in terms of performance, it's pretty much the same as the Moto G4 – in fact in some, it was marginally worse, and it loses some of the battery life too.. Given the RRP is the same, you might think the Moto G5 would still be the one to go for, but realistically we know that prices come down when a new model emerges. For that reason, if you're looking today, the G4 is definitely worth considering for the budget conscious. If you want something more recent, then the Honor 6X and Lenovo P2 are both worth a look too.. Alternatively, if you're set on a Moto G, then the Moto G5 Plus is the pick this year. It's better in every way – but it is £80 more.. Jon's original Moto G4 review continues below.. MOTOROLA SM4360AE7B1 Mob/Motorola/Moto G4 Black - (Phones > Mobile Phones). The Motorola Moto G4 is the latest in a long line of successful budget smartphones for the company, stretching all the way back to 2013, but it has its work cut out in 2016. With rival manufacturers upping the quality of their budget handsets over the past 12 months, Motorola needs to do something special to maintain the Moto G4's position at the top.. Lenovo (the new owner of the Motorola brand) hasn’t made life any easier for the Moto G4, however, by bumping up the base price. The cost of 2016’s Moto G is £169 inc VAT, up £20 on last year's Moto G (3rd gen). That might not sound like much – it's the price of a small round of drinks in central London, or a Domino’s Extra Large pizza – but it represents a 13% rise, which is not an insignificant increase when potential customers are likely to be on extremely tight budgets.. What does that extra money get you? The big gain is a larger screen. The Motorola Moto G4 has a 5.5in display, making it a whole half-inch bigger than last year’s model. It’s now up there with the giants of the smartphone world such as the OnePlus 2 and the iPhone 6s Plus in terms of its dimensions and, there’s no denying it, it’s one hell of a slab.. Rather impressively, however, Motorola hasn’t just upped the size without considering the consequences. At the same time as enlarging the screen, it has slimmed down the case significantly, and it now measures 2mm thinner than the Moto G3. The Motorola Moto G4 is a mere 9.8mm thick, weighs 155g (that's seriously light for a 5.5in phone), and best of all it feels sturdy with it, with a softly curved metal frame surrounding the screen adding to the high–quality feel.. In terms of the overall aesthetics, the Moto G4 isn’t as brash and loud as previous Moto G handsets either and, for me, that's a bit of a shame. I loved the rounded contours, ribbed rear panel and bold camera surround of last year’s model, and the more subtle. look of this year’s Moto G4 feels like Lenovo is playing it a bit safe.. Still, if the plain black and silver finish you see in the photographs here doesn’t float your boat, it is at least possible to customise the Moto G4 via the Motorola Moto Maker website. In all, you have eight rear-panel colours to choose from (dark fig, foam (a kind of pastel green), chalk white, raspberry, deep sea blue, pitch black, cobalt blue and lava red) and five “accent” colours (metallic fine gold, metallic pink, metallic silver, metallic ocean and metallic dark grey) which should give you ample opportunity to add a bit of personality.. The only big downer when it comes to the design is that the Moto G4 isn't IPX7 water-resistant like the Moto G (3rd gen). It's still splash-proof, courtesy of a special coating, but don't go dropping it in the bath.. It’s also mildly disappointing to discover that there’s still no NFC or fingerprint reader (you’ll have to stump up for the Moto G4 Plus if that’s on your shopping list), so you won't be able to take advantage of the wonders of Android Pay.. Still, there is at least support for dual SIM, a feature I find useful handy for travel abroad. Pop a second SIM in and you can set which SIM is the default for data, thus avoiding potentially expensive roaming costs.. And yet you'll still be able to receive phone calls and SMS messages as normal on your day-to-day phone number.. You'll find the second SIM card slot right next to the primary one beneath the clip-off rear panel, and settings for the two cards in Android's settings menu under SIM Cards.. It's worth noting at this point that, if you don't buy your phone from the Moto Maker website, you may end up with a model with only a single SIM card slot. If this is a priority, make sure you buy your phone from the Moto Maker website, or at the very least check with your network or retailer before committing the cash.. MOTOROLA SM4360AE7B1 Mob/Motorola/Moto G4 Black - (Phones > Mobile Phones). The key reason for the Moto G family’s success has been the combination of sensible design and build quality with a keen sense of value, and the Moto G4 maintains that tradition. Inside is an octa–core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 running at 1.5GHz, and this is backed by 2GB of RAM and either 16GB or 32GB of storage.. First impressions of the phone are that it’s pretty responsive, but with the odd glitch here and there. There’s some lag while zooming in and out of images in Google Photos, while scrolling quickly through image-heavy websites isn’t as ultra-smooth as on more expensive handsets with 8xx-series Qualcomm chips.. There’s nothing here to make you grind your teeth or curse under your breath, however, and in the benchmarks, the Moto G4 is clearly faster than last year’s model.. In the Geekbench benchmark, the difference between last year's third-generation phone and this year's Moto G4 amounts to a 49% advantage in the multi-core test and 26% in the single-core test. Those are both significant differences, and should keep the phone responsive for some time to come.. In GFXBench gaming tests, it's a similar story with the Moto G4 gaining a 43% advantage over its predecessor in the onscreen (native resolution) test and a huge 71% gain in the offscreen test. In fact, of the budget models I’ve pitched the Moto G4 up against here, it’s the Honor 5X that gets the closest in terms of overall performance. The Moto G (3rd gen) is significantly slower across the board.. On battery life, however, the Moto G4 has overall performance sewn up. Although the Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 is only a 28nm part, it seems to be highly efficient and, coupled with a 3,000mAh battery, comfortably delivers a day of moderate use. When we ran it through our standard video-rundown test, the Moto G4 lasted 13hrs 39mins, which is an above-average score and almost three hours longer than the Honor 5X lasted in the same test.. MOTOROLA SM4360AE7B1 Mob/Motorola/Moto G4 Black - (Phones > Mobile Phones). Page 1 of 2 Motorola Moto G4 review: A better buy than the Moto G5? 1. Motorola Moto G4 review: A better buy than the Moto G5? 2. Motorola Moto G4: Display, Camera, Software, Verdict. Motorola Moto G4 specifications Motorola Moto G4 Plus specifications Processor Octa-core 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 Octa-core 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 RAM 2GB 2GB/4GB Screen size 5.5in 5.5in Screen resolution 1,920x1,080 1,920x1,080 Screen type IPS IPS Front camera 5 megapixels 5 megapixels Rear camera 13 megapixels 16 megapixels Flash LED LED GPS Yes Yes Compass Yes Yes Storage (free) 16GB (10.8GB) / 32GB 32GB / 64GB Memory card slot (supplied) microSD microSD Wi-Fi 802.11ac 802.11ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.2 LTE Bluetooth 4.2 LTE NFC No No Fingerprint sensor No Yes Wireless data 3G, 4G 3G, 4G Size 153x77x7.9mm 153x77x7.9mm Weight 155g 155g Operating system Android 6.0.1 Android 6.0.1 Battery size 3,000mAh 3,000mAh Warranty One year RTB One year RTB Price SIM-free (inc VAT) £169 £229 (32GB); £264 (64GB). Apple Watch 3 Google Pixel 2 Kodi Oculus Rift Sky Soundbox iPad Pro iPhone X. This creepy baby shows you how dirty your home really is. YouTube severs (some of) its ties with Logan Paul. This rare shark looks like Venom from Spiderman. Japanese astronaut didn’t REALLY grow 9cm in three weeks. Google’s Arts and Culture app now matches selfies to art. Is Kodi always buffering? Try these fixes first. The 11 must-have PlayStation VR games. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Samsung Galaxy X reportedly shown in secret. Here's how to get that £25 iPhone battery replacement in UK. UK airports to trial AI to get you through security faster. Eight AI projects have been chosen to trial tech the government hopes will bridge the gap between robust security and an easy-to-use service. Sony unveils the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. As the names suggest, the phones are from Sony's XZ range and are successors to last year's XZ Premium. Sony Xperia XZ2: New flagship records 4K HDR video. Sony’s smaller smartphone matures, gaining a bigger 18:9 screen and some lovely curves. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Sony’s baby grows up. Sony’s smaller smartphone is back, gaining a bigger 18:9 screen and some lovely curves. How technology is changing your work. How one tweet wiped $1.3 billion off Snapchat's market value. What small businesses should do to get ready for GDPR. The GDPR compliance effective date is fast approaching. Here's what you need to know. Signal gets a cash injection from WhatsApp's co-founder. Atari is creating a new cryptocurrency, for some reason. Not content with holding back the Ataribox, Atari makes another baffling decision. Developments from the frontiers of science. Humans will be on Mars within 20 years, claims Tim Peake. The British astronaut predicted companies like SpaceX could work with space agencies to get people on the Red Planet. How to tell your supermassive black hole from your stellar black hole. If you can smell "death", you may be at risk of depression. Scientists have uncovered the biochemical details of the smell of death, which, bizarrely, may be able to help treat depression. iPhone app slashes hospital readmissions for heart attacks. Getting to the heart of the problem with better education. The cutting edge of automotive technology. New Audi Q8 (2018): Everything you need to know. The new Q8 is going to be the best Audi SUV you can buy. All the new F1 cars for 2018’s World Championship. We’ll keep this page updated with all the new F1 2018 cars as they’re revealed by the different teams. National Grid plans network of superfast chargers for EVs. The plans would put 90% of drivers within 50 miles of an EV charger that would give cars a boost in just five minutes. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. A big SUV designed to rival the luxury brands for comfort, tech and practicality but it narrowly misses the mark. How technology is changing our everyday lives. No, a Pokémon RPG for Switch isn’t being revealed today. Tweets around a new Pokémon Nintendo Direct turn out to be fake sending the internet into a spin. The second Pokémon Go Community Day starts tomorrow. February's Pokémon Go Community Day kicks off on 24 February. Two new fighters return for SoulCalibur VI. Bandai Namco reveals two returning fighters alongside a slew of new screenshots of SoulCalibur 6 in action. The Nintendo eShop is in hot water with European law. Some big changes could be coming the the Nintendo Switch store. The world of 20 years from now. Watch this: Boston Dynamics’ SpotMini can now open doors. The robotics company’s latest video shows two robot dogs communicating and working together. The race to quantum supremacy is on, with researchers claiming their machines will manage tasks beyond any modern rival. What exactly is Elon Musk planning with The Boring Company?. Musk claims the underground tunnels will take passengers more than 200 miles in less than half an hour. Acoustic "tractor beam" can levitate large items. A breakthrough by researchers at Bristol University means ultrasonic waves can now levitate larger objects than ever before. Sony Xperia XZ2: New flagship records 4K HDR video. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Sony’s baby grows up. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on review: It’s all about the camera. Samsung Galaxy S9+: Dual cameras for S9's bigger twin. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia’s new mid-ranger has a hint of luxury. Nokia 8 Sirocco: Good looks but not much substance. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Huawei Matebook X Pro: Huawei refines its laptop formula. Fossil Q Control review: Brand-name aside, you can do better. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. Doom finally has motion controls on Switch. Apple Watch 3 has been selling twice as fast as Series 2. Back to top Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews Channel Pro Know Your Mobile Auto Express Carbuyer More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices. © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Deal: Motorola Moto G4 for just £124 at Tesco with this code. 4 of the best cheap TV deals in the UK this week. 8 of the best SIM-only deals in the UK right now. Best Xbox One deals this week. 6 of the best cheap laptop deals right now. How good a deal is this?. If you want a new, high-quality smartphone, but don’t want to drop serious cash, this Motorola Moto G4 deal is perfect.. Tesco is discounting the (already great value) Moto G4, bringing the price down from £159 to just £124. To bag the deal, you’ll need to enter the code TDX-HTNK at checkout.. But you better act quickly – the deal ends today, September 25.. The Motorola Moto G4 features a 5.5-inch Full HD display, a Snapdragon 617 CPU, 2GB of RAM, 16GB storage, a 3,000mAh battery, a 13-megapixel primary camera, a 5-megapixel secondary camera, and Google’s Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system.. Buy Now: Motorola Moto G4 at Tesco from £124. We gave the Moto G4 a 9/10 score at its review price of £169, praising its value for money, reliable camera, and great screen. “You’ll need big hands, but once again the Moto G4 is the budget smartphone everyone needs to beat.”. On Amazon, the Moto G4 has a 4.5/5 score based on 342 user reviews. “Excellent smart phone with an incredible specification for the money. It comes with the latest version of Android Marshmallow which is excellent. It’s a cleaner version of Android that most phones run so you won’t have lots of bloatware slowing your phone down.”. “The screen is lovely, bright and very clear, and the general build feels excellent.”. “The touch screen is very responsive and screens scroll smoothly, with no noticeable delay. Apps load and run quickly, even if 20+ are already running. Sounds are all clear and easily audible from the single, front-facing speaker.”. This is a truly exceptional deal, mainly because the Motorola Moto G4 is already great value for money at its launch price. By comparison, Amazon’s best price for the phone is £158, far higher than Tesco’s deal price:. Buy Now: Motorola Moto G4 at Amazon for £158.51. If you want a cheap phone that you know will be solid, reliable, and well-performing, this deal is the perfect choice:. Buy Now: Motorola Moto G4 at Tesco from £124. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week. Have you spotted any great tech deals recently? Let us know in the comments.. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. 
News / Features / How-To / Opinions / Top 10 / Gallery / Video. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Phones / HDTV / Gaming / Apps / Tablets / Cameras / Printers / Software. Oppo Unveils the F1s smartphone in India. Reliance LYF Smartphones Get A Price Cut. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. Motorola's Moto G4 is a relatively affordable midrange phone with a mix of capable hardware and broad support for all major carriers. It's a good option for budget buyers. Motorola's Moto G4 is a relatively affordable midrange phone with a mix of capable hardware and broad support for all major carriers. It's a good option for budget buyers.. Design, Features, and Display The G4 is identical to the G4 Plus in almost every way. You'll find the same smooth metal sides, removable black polycarbonate back, and a pane of glass on the front. The sole way to tell the two devices apart is that the G4 Plus has a square fingerprint scanner on its bottom lip, while the G4 doesn't. Network Performance and Connectivity The phone supports CDMA (850, 1900MHz), GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), UMTS (850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz), and LTE bands (1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/25/26/41), and can operate on all major carriers including AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon. I was able to make voice calls and use data on all four carriers. though I mainly tested network performance on T-Mobile in midtown Manhattan. The G4 managed a solid download speed of 17.5Mbps outdoors and 6.6Mbps indoors.. The Motorola Moto G4 ($199.99, 16GB; $229.99, 32GB) is yet another affordable midrange phone in a crowded market. However, unlike most unlocked phones which can only work on T-Mobile and AT&T, the G4 sets itself apart by supporting CDMA bands, so it can make voice calls and use data on Verizon and Sprint. The broad carrier compatibility, combined with a crisp 1080p display, long battery life, and lack of bloatware make it a great choice if you don't want to be tied to GSM carriers.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. Like the Plus, the G4 measures 6.02 by 3.02 by 0.39 inches and weights 5.47 ounces. It's amost the same size as the Huawei Honor 5X (5.96 by 3.00 by 0.32, 5.57 ounces) and is about half an ounce heavier than the Blu Life One X (5.89 by 2.90 by 0.34 inches, 4.97 ounces). Despite being big enough to qualify as a phablet, the G4 is easy to use with a single hand and won't weigh down your pocket.. Button placement is unchanged from the Plus. There's a power button and volume rocker on the right side, a micro USB charging port on the bottom, and a 3.5mm audio jack on the top. The back cover peels off for access to a SIM card slot and a microSD card slot that worked with a 200GB SanDisk card in testing.. The 5.5-inch 1,920-by-1,080 screen offers good viewing angles and great color reproduction. Resolution works out to 401ppi, and I found it to be as crisp as the 1080p Apple iPhone 6s Plus (401ppi) in displaying text and graphics. You'll find panels of the same quality on the Life One X and Honor 5X, though the former has a higher pixel density due to its smaller size. At maximum brightness you won't have any trouble seeing the G4's screen in direct sunlight.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Voice calls on the G4 are good. Transmissions come across clearly without garbling or sounding robotic, and noise cancellation is strong. The earpiece volume is loud, but tends to be a bit tinny. Like the Plus, the G4 supports dual-band Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, but there's no NFC and you won't be able to use Android Pay. You won't find 5GHz Wi-Fi or NFC on the Life One X or Honor 5X.. Processor, Battery, and Camera In terms of hardware, the G4 shares the same specs as the Plus. It has a quad-core Snapdragon 617 processor clocked at 1.5GHz. Unsurprisingly, the two phones score very similarly on our benchmarks. The G4 scored 46,620 on AnTuTu, which tests overall system performance, while the Plus received 47,210. Meanwhile, the MediaTek MT6753-powered Life One X (37,974) doesn't score as highly, nor does the Honor 5X (35,200).. Despite all the similarities, the G4 packs just 2GB of RAM, compared with the 4GB you get with the Plus. That means you're more likely to hit the RAM usage limit, and there will be a bit more lag when multitasking and switching between apps. Intensive games like GTA San Andreas and Pokemon Go both showed sluggish controls and noticeable latency. Aside from intensive uses, the phone performs on par with the Life One X, and is capable of handling most apps.. Battery life is good, with the G4 clocking 5 hours, 58 mins in our rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. It's almost the same as the Plus (6 hours, 1 minute), which is to be expected because both phones use the same 3,000mAh battery. That's two hours more than the Life One X (4 hours, 4 minutes) and close to an hour more than the Honor 5X (5 hours, 16 minutes). You'll have no trouble getting a full day's use out of the G4, even though the battery isn't removable. You get Motorola's proprietary Turbo charging when using the included adapter, which yields 6 hours of regular use from just 15 minutes of charging.. The 13-megapixel rear sensor on the G4 is a solid shooter, though it doesn't have the extra resolution of the 16-megapixel camera on the Plus. Photos taken in well-lit settings are clear and show minimal noise. Color reproduction is largely accurate, though greens tend to be a bit deeper than they should be. The 5-megapixel front camera is capable, and can take crisp pictures in well-lit settings. Video recording is stable at 1080p video and 30fps. However, the camera app itself fares poorly. It's notably sluggish to launch when taking shots, and when switching between the rear and front-facing sensor. Autofocus also takes a second or two to kick in, and is noticeably slower than the laser sensor-equipped Plus.. Software and Conclusions Unlike many other midrange phones, the G4 comes with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow , and it has no significant UI changes, aside from Motorola ID in the settings menu which links to your Motorola account. Most significantly, there's no bloatware, not even stock apps. The only pre-installed programs are Google apps and a Moto app which helps you set up gestures and display notifications. This allows you take advantage of gesture controls like twisting your wrist to launch the camera, chopping to turn on the flashlight, and turning the phone over to stop notifications. Some common Motorola features you won't find are double tap to wake and extra voice commands.. I reviewed the 32GB model of the G4. Since there's no bloatware, you get 23.37GB available storage. That's more than most midrange phones give you, and with a combination of a microSD card and adoptable storage, you should have no trouble saving photos, videos, and apps.. The $230 Moto G4 is a relatively affordable midrange phone with a crisp 1080p and solid battery life, but it's key selling point is its broad carrier compatibility. You're unlikely to find any other affordable unlocked phones that support bands for all four major US carriers. However, if you're not interested in switching carriers the $150 Blu Life One X will give you very similar performance for $80 less. If you want better performance, the $400 OnePlus 3 offers a top-tier Snapdragon 820 processor, premium build, excellent battery life, and good camera. Between the G4 and G4 Plus, the latter offers a fingerprint scanner and more RAM but costs $80 more without significantly improving performance. The Moto G4 is the best choice for anyone who wants an affordable and capable phone, without being tied to a carrier.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. Samsung launches Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus for "the visual and social generation". Available for pre-order on March 2nd.. Uber launches cheaper Express Pool, similar to Ola’s Ride Share Express. Express Pool will be up to 50% cheaper than the standard Pool. This 3-D-printed device turns a smartphone into fully operational microscope. The clip-on microscope requires no external power or light source to work. HDD: What is the future of mainstream storage?. With technology and data going hand in hand, hard drives and solid .... Researchers get closer to creating a DNA-based file system. The new invention will makes it easier to store and retrieve data .... About About PCMagazine Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. PCMag India is operated by Times Internet Limited under license from ZiffDavis. 
