GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - XT1580. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 25(1900), 28(700), 40(2300) - XT1580. 149.8 x 78 x 9.2 mm (5.90 x 3.07 x 0.36 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.4 inches, 81.6 cm 2 (~69.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~540 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), 6.0, planned upgrade to 7.0 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) - dual SIM model only. 21 MP (f/2.0, 1.4 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, HDR, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Basemark OS II: 2085 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1669 Basemark X: 31561. Contrast ratio: 9432:1 (nominal), 3.105 (sunlight). Voice 66dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 71dB. Also known as Motorola Moto X Force Dual SIM with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto X Force - user opinions and reviews. I had this phone for 2 years. It was strong, worked well but at the beginning only. After several months, I had an OS update suggested from motorola and then the OS was really slow, it was a pain to use this smartphone... I've had it now for 18 months and it still goes brilliantly. Battery lasts all day and night. I've dropped it on concrete several times and it has a small chip gone from the corner bit still works perfectly. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola's Moto X Force pairs top specs with an unbreakable display. Butterfingers? The Motorola Moto X Force might be the phone for you, as it comes with an apparently unbreakable display.. by October 29, 2015 8:18 AM PDT. If you've ever dropped your phone and had the soul-destroying moment of finding your screen smashed to a thousand tiny pieces, Motorola's latest top-end smartphone might be just the thing for you. It's called the Moto X Force, and Motorola boasts that its screen is "shatterproof" .. The phone is essentially a better-equipped variant of the Moto X Style (called Pure in the US), which launched earlier this year. Besides a 5.4-inch display with 2,560x1,440-pixel resolution, the Force comes with an octa-core processor, 21-megapixel camera, expandable storage and the option to customise the design with different materials, including leather, using the Moto Maker online tool.. The Moto X Force will hit UK stores in November and will come with a £499 price tag for the 32GB model, or £534 for the 64GB model. There's no pricing available for Australia yet, but the UK prices roughly convert to AU$1,075 and AU$1,155 respectively.. The US version is a Verizon exclusive and it's called the Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -- they're branded very differently, but they are the same phone in all but name. The 32GB model and 64GB model are available for $624 and $720 respectively over a two-year contract.. The so-called shatterproof display is really the main selling point of this phone. Motorola explained to me that the screen is made up of five different layers that are designed to absorb shock, including a flexible AMOLED display and an aluminium core to keep it rigid. Motorola's apparently been working on this technology for three years.. I saw the phone in a quiet London pub where I wasn't able to test the strength of the display, but CNET editor Dan Graziano had this to say of the US version : "After testing it out myself I find the technology to be quite impressive. I dropped the phone repeatedly from different heights and angles. It showed no sign of damage. The frame wasn't dented, nor was the screen cracked. What the Force doesn't have is the same IP67 waterproofing seen on the cheaper Moto G. I think that's a missed opportunity -- if the Force had a strengthened screen and was resistant to water, it could be a great option for outdoor enthusiasts looking for the ultimate rough-and-tumble phone.. Underneath the strengthened screen is a great lineup of specs. The display looks impressive, the octa-core chip seemed very nippy during my hands-on time, and the battery has been boosted to a 3,700mAh cell, which Moto promises will give two days of battery life. That's a big claim and certainly one I'm looking forward to testing. It'll also support wireless charging and you'll be able to fast charge it with a compatible plug. Fast charging will, Moto says, give you 13 hours of use after only 15 minutes of charging.. It comes with 32GB of storage as standard, although you can expand that to 64GB using the Moto Maker tool. I'd personally stick with 32GB, though. With a microSD card slot that accepts cards up to 2TB in size and Android Marshmallow on the horizon, which uses external storage in the same way as internal storage, you won't need to splash out on higher-capacity models.. Instead of Marshmallow , the Force comes with Android Lollipop , which is a disappointment. However, Moto promises an update "soon". There's no date yet -- at least not one I was told about -- but the Moto X range uses pretty much stock Android, so it shouldn't take much tweaking to get Marshmallow on board. I'm expecting it before the end of the year.. This has the same 21-megapixel camera on the back as the Moto X Style , which produced great results for us. On the front is a 5-megapixel camera which also has an LED flash to help light up your face for those dingy bar selfies.. Even without its toughened display, the Moto X Force has a lot to shout about. It's stuffed with a powerful processor, a capacious battery and a high resolution display. It also lets you customise the design, a feature I've always appreciated in the Moto range. That it also won't shatter to smithereens when it tumbles from your hand is the cherry on top.. If you're one of the many people walking around with cracked phone screens you can't afford to replace, the shatterproof display may make this the best phone to buy.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Forceful in more ways than one. With an uncommonly tough screen and similarly robust battery life, Motorola has created a seriously solid flagship phone.. Update: Over half a year after Motorola released the Moto X Force, the latest in Android 6 software is now out for the phone. Read on as we take a look at how the Android Marshmallow goodness has treated the Moto X Force.. The Motorola Moto X Force arrives mere months after the Moto X Style and Moto X Play hit the shops. And while you might think Motorola's flagship duo are tough acts to follow, they're not half as tough as the Moto X Force.. If the Style is Motorola's classy party trick, and the Play its accessible all-rounder, then the Moto X Force is its safe pair of hands.. Known in the US as Moto Droid Turbo 2, the Moto X Force is the most expensive phone in the range, with prices starting from £479 (US$624, around AU$1,050) for the 32GB model. The 64GB variant, meanwhile, will set you back £514 (around US$720, around AU$1,150).. There has been £20 price drop in the UK recently. In the US Motorola isn't pushing the 32GB version anymore, but you can still easily buy the 64GB version of the phone. Motorola still hasn't announced an Australian release date and it looks like it may never come to the country.. This places the Moto X Force in some serious company. The 64GB version is around the same price as the Samsung Galaxy S7 , and it's not far off iPhone 6S territory.. However, the Motorola Moto X Force isn't that easy to pigeonhole. It might be priced like smartphone aristocracy, but it's a phone that's best suited to the daily grind – a willing workhorse that won't scuff or crack under the strain of modern living.. You can tell from the first glance that the Moto X Force belongs to the same family as the Moto X Style and Moto X Play. It has a familiar outline, with straight sides and a gently curved top and bottom.. It has a familiar metal frame, which surrounds a customisable rear cover. My test unit's back is finished in a material Motorola calls 'Ballistic Nylon', which looks and feels a bit like a solid speaker grille. It feels a little cheap, and there are alternatives available, but it's undeniably grippy.. The camera placement is identical to its siblings too: top and central, and embedded in a lozenge-shaped metallic plate above a fondle-worthy Motorola badge indentation.. Button and port placement is the same as well, with the volume rocker and pleasingly textured power/sleep button located two-thirds of the way up the right-hand edge, and the headphone jack and microUSB port situated on the top and bottom edge of the phone respectively.. At 149.8 x 78 x 9.2mm, the Moto X Force is a little shorter and slimmer than the Moto X Style, although chunky screen bezels make it a little wider. It's a whole 10 grams lighter than that more fashion-focused handset too, at 169g.. The reason the Force is generally more compact than the other Motos is because its display is the smallest, at 5.4 inches. Despite this, it retains the 5.7-inch Style's QHD resolution.. Packing 2560 x 1440 pixels into a smaller screen makes for the sharpest display Motorola has ever produced – we're talking 540ppi here.. Unlike the Style and the Play, which sport LCD displays, Motorola has gone back to using AMOLED panel technology, as it did with some of its 2014 phones.. Generally speaking, AMOLED displays allow for more vibrant colours and deeper blacks. Motorola's use of AMOLED tends to be a little behind that of rival Samsung though, and while the Moto X Force's screen doesn't suffer from the pronounced yellowy-red tint of last year's Moto X, it still has a slightly warm tone that might be off-putting if you're used to the chilly whites of Apple's or Sony's LCD displays.. In light of this, it's a shame that Motorola continues to omit the facility to adjust the screen temperature, as Samsung does.. Still, with the brightness cranked up past half way, I found the Moto X Force's screen to be perfectly pleasant to use. It doesn't quite have the pop that the very best phones from Samsung and Apple tend to have, though – and that's because of the Force's key feature.. We'll discuss the Moto X Force's toughened display in more detail in the next section. Suffice to say for now that it utilises multiple layers, and this approach has a slightly adverse effect on picture quality.. It's not a deal-breaker by any stretch, but Force's screen lacks that 'painted-on' quality of the Galaxy S6, which could almost convince you it was a static sticker rather than a live picture as you pass it in a phone shop display.. Motorola's implementation of these extra layers is hardly seamless, either. The edge of the outermost layer is visible around the front speaker grilles, rather like one of those cheap after-market screen protectors some people apply to their new phones.. Talking of speaker grilles, Motorola has altered the symmetrical design of previous models, and not for the better. You still get the metal-bar ear speaker at the top of the phone, but for media playback you get a couple of cheap-looking speakers along the bottom of the device. And yes, that means no stereo sound.. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola moto x force. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola moto x force. Save motorola moto x force to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola moto x force to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Moto X Force 32GB Black Smartphone Android 21MP AMOLED 3GB RAM Genuine. Motorola Moto X Force 32GB Black Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Motorola Moto X Force XT1580 (M122B) Smartphone - 32GB, Unlocked - Works!. BNIB MOTOROLA MOTO X FORCE XT1580 32GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE 3G GSM NEW. Motorola Moto X Force XT1581 64GB Dual Sim Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE Unlocked. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola Moto Z Play / Force X Style. Clear 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Motorola Moto Mobile Phone. 2 Pack - Touch Screen Digitizer/LCD w/ Frame for Black Motorola Moto X Force. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Motorola Moto C G4 G5 E4 Plus X Force. Battery Cover Door For Motorola Droid Turbo2 XT1581 XT1585 Moto X Force XT1580. 2 Pack - Touch Screen Digitizer/LCD w/ Frame for White Motorola Moto X Force. 2x For Motorola Moto Z2 Force New Tempered Glass Screen Protector Saver 9H Flim. HYBRID ARMOR TOUGH HARD CASE + STAND FOR MOTOROLA MOTO Z X C G3 G4 G5 PLAY PLUS. New Back Cover Door For Motorola Droid Turbo2 XT1581 XT1585 Moto X Force XT1580. New Motorola Moto X Force XT1585 XT1580 Touch Digitizer+Lcd Display Assembly. Motorola Moto X Force XT1585 XT1580 LCD Display Digitizer Touch Assembly + Frame. OEM Motorola Moto X Force XT1585 XT1580 LCD Display Digitizer Touch Screen Veriz. Motorola Moto X Force XT1585 XT1580 LCD Display Digitizer Touch Glass Assembly. Motorola Moto X Force XT1585 XT1580 LCD Display Digitizer Touch Assembly + Frame. 2 x Pieces - Transparent Clear TPU Rubber Case Cover for MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE. 3 new & refurbished from $4.29. Outdoor Diving Underwater Waterproof Cases Bag Protect Phone From Sand Dust C2. Customized Personalized Photo DIY Soft TPU LG Asus Huawei Motorola Phone Case. Hybrid Case for Motorola Smartphone Dual Layer Shockproof Stand Desk Armor Cover. Fosmon Dual Layer Rugged Sturdy Fit Case fo Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Moto X Force. For Motorola Moto Z2 Play / Force Black PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Holster Case. New Sports Running Belt Waist Pocket Bum Bags Cycling Jogging Travel Pack Wallet. For Motorola Case Leather Wallet Cell Phone Cases Flip Cover 3D Diamond Bling. Shockproof Armor TPU +PC Case Kickstand Cover for Motorola Moto G G2 G3/X Force. Luxury Crocodile Skin Wallet Flip PU Leather Case Cover For Motorola Phones. Customized Custom Made Personalized Photo DIY Picture Solid Phone Case Cover. Luxury Litchi Grain Soft Silicone TPU Back Cover Case For Motorola Moto X4 G5 G4. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Rubber Back Case Cover & neck strap #y. For Moto X Force Case Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover For Motorola X Force. OtterBox Commuter Series Protective Case Motorola Moto X Force - Black. For Motorola Moto X4 Phone Protective Case Owl Patterned PU Leather Wallet Cover. Hybrid Rugged Impact Armor Shockproof Hard Protective Stand Case Cover For Moto. Phone Case Pouch Holster w/Belt Clip✔Excellent Phone Protection✔Hor izontal✔Black. For Motorola Moto G5 Plus/G4/G3 Hard Case Strong Armour Hybrid Protective Cover. Moto X Force Case X-Line TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin For Motorola Droid Turbo 2. Bling Gems Fur Ball fan Tassel ring stand Soft Silicone Gel Rubber Case Cover C. Genuine Real Flip Leather Wallet Card Stand Holder Case Cover For Motorola MOTO. For Motorola Moto X Force Droid Turbo 2 Rugged Hybrid Case Stand Cover + Holster. 2 x Type-C USB Charger Cable Cord for Samsung Galaxy S8, Note 8, LG V20, V30, G6. Zip Wallet Magnetic Leather Cover Flip Phone Wallet Case For Motorola Models. For MOTOROLA MOTO Genuine Real Leather Black Wallet Case Flip Cover Card Pouch. Black New Luxury Genuine Leather Vertical Flip Protective Phone Case Cover Pouch. Moto Z Force Droid X/S TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin For Motorola Moto Z Force. Fashion DKS Luxury Wallet Photo Frame Holder Leather Flip Cover 9 Card Slot Case. For Motorola Moto G3 G4 G5 C Plus Play Case Clear Ultra Slim Gel TPU Cover Skin. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto X Force. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto X Force smartphone was launched in November 2015. The phone comes with a 5.40-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels at a PPI of 540 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto X Force price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto X Force is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 200GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto X Force packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto X Force runs Android 5.1.1 and is powered by a 3760mAh non removable battery. It measures 149.80 x 78.00 x 9.20 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 169.00 grams. The Motorola Moto X Force is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, Infrared, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Shatterproof screen Excellent design and build Good camera Great screen Superb software and performance Great battery life Bad Runs Android 5.1 out of the box Single-SIM capability No fingerprint sensor Expensive. Read detailed Motorola Moto X Force review. Moto X Force Gets a Massive Discount on Flipkart, Available for as Low as Rs. Moto X Force Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Moto X Force Gets Limited Period Discount of Up to Rs. Moto X Force Now Available Offline via Retail Stores in India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto X Force Price in India Moto X Force (Black, 64GB) Rs. 22,990 Moto X Force (Grey, 64GB) Rs. 22,999 Moto X Force (Black, 32GB) Rs. Motorola Moto X Force detailed specifications. Alternate names XT1580 Release date November 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 149.80 x 78.00 x 9.20 Weight (g) 169.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3760 Removable battery No Colours Black, Grey SAR value 1.38. Screen size (inches) 5.40 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 540. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 200. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash LED. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared Yes USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto X Force. 1.8 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 1 2 Star 1 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Madan Mohan Sharma | 2 Feb 2016. Missing Sensor, not the whole bunch of Sensor Tech Enabled Handy Phone, Compare to Samsung Galaxy Series ! Got A Lot to say. All i would Still missing on Appropriate stuffs !. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 3 out of 5 people found this review helpful. By AMAL SEBASTIAN | 15 Jul 2017. please dont take this phone.as lenova is not caring this phone..still no volte update... Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto X Force Gets a Massive Discount on Flipkart, Available for as Low as Rs. Moto X Force Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Moto X Force Gets Limited Period Discount of Up to Rs. Moto X Force Now Available Offline via Retail Stores in India. Moto X Force With ShatterShield Launched in India: Price, Specs, More. Moto X Force 'Shatterproof' Phone to Launch in India Today. Moto X Force 'Shatterproof' Phone Listed on Amazon India Ahead of Launch. Moto X Force 'Shatterproof' Phone's India Launch Set for February 1. Moto X Force 'Shatterproof' Phone's Imminent India Launch Teased. More Motorola Moto X Force news. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto X Force vs. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Motorola Moto G 4g Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Motorola Moto X Force Huawei P10 Lite vs. Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs. Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Moto X Force vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Motorola Moto X Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Asus Zenfone 3 Max Zc520tl vs. Asus Zenfone 3 Ultra Zu680kl vs. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe Zs570kl vs. Motorola Moto X Force LG X Power vs. Motorola Moto X Force vs. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Motorola Moto X Style LG X Power vs. Motorola Moto X Force LG X Cam vs. Motorola Moto X Force vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto X Force in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Motorola's new flagship Android phone has a shatterproof screen. SHOULD I BUY MOTOROLA MOTO X FORCE?. An unexpected third Moto X for 2015: the Force is a bit like the Moto X Style on steroids. It has flagship specs, a high price and - crucially - a screen that won't break if you drop it. Here's our Moto X Force review. The screen is guaranteed not to break for four years. 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor (MSM8994). 32 or 64GB built-in storage, up to 2TB microSD card slot. 5.4in AMOLED display, Quad HD (2560x1440). 3760mAh battery with TurboPower (PMA and Qi wireless charging). 21Mp rear camera with Dual-LED flash. 5Mp front-facing camera with LED flash. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Moto X Force review: Design and build. Not content with launching two new Moto X phones in 2015, Motorola has surprised everyone by quietly releasing a third: the Moto X Force – known as the Droid 2 Turbo in the US. And it’s not just a revamped Moto X Style or Moto X Play with a shatter-proof screen: the Force has its own identity and specs and is the new Motorola flagship.. Also see: Moto X4 latest rumours. It starts with a 5.4in Quad HD screen, has 3GB of RAM and a Snapdragon Processor (clocked higher than the Moto X Style’s) and a battery that’s claimed to last a full two days. There are high-spec cameras, and ‘TurboPower’ which claims to provide 13 hours of use from just 15 minutes’ charging.. And unlike its siblings, it supports wireless charging out of the box. Also see: Best MiFi 2016 .. While similar to other Motorola phones, the X Force is subtly different in design. Instead of a constant radius at the back the bulk is quite flat, with more sharply angled edges. The aluminium frame is thicker, too, extending a few millimetres in at the sides before you get to the textured back cover.. Mobilefun.co.uk provided us with the base black ballistic nylon version, but you can use Motorola’s Moto Maker to choose ‘pebbled’ leather in natural, cognac or black. There’s also a soft grip option in more colours, but all are quite muted compared to the more vivid options you get with the Moto X Play.. You’ve also got the option of a white front with Light Silver frame, or black and Dark Gray. Then you can choose an accent colour which affects the camera surround on the rear and the top grille at the front. The white version is uglier than black, we think, but the fact that the front of the black version is largely featureless makes that ugly in its own way as well. It’s not a great-looking phone like the Moto X Style.. The only option you can select which will change the £499 price is to go for 64- instead of 32GB of storage: that’s an extra £35. In the US, the phone costs $624 and $720 respectively.. The bezels at the front are reasonably small, although there’s quite a bit of space below the screen with nothing going on: it’s a shame Motorola didn’t go for physical touch-sensitive buttons rather than on-screen buttons.. Unusually there are three grilles at the front. Only the bottom-right is a loud speaker. The top one is for phone calls, and the left-hand bottom grille appears to be only for show, since nothing comes out of it, although it could be an oversized microphone grille for symmetry.. There are five mics in total, with two on the rear for directional pick-up when recording videos.. What’s missing is a fingerprint scanner: the current trend on the latest high-end Android devices. This isn’t just annoying because it means you can’t easily unlock your phone, but also because you won’t be able to use it to authenticate purchases via Google Pay when it eventually arrives over here. You can use the in-built NFC with the Tap & Pay feature with certain apps, though.. If you’re after a dual-SIM phone, it’s frustrating that the combined SIM and microSD tray is marked as SIM1 / microSD or SIM2 but the software lacks any SIM management options. It’s only in other territories that both SIM slots work in the Moto X Force.. Unlike some phones, this one sticks with microUSB. For some people that will be a relief as it’s universally compatible, but the reversible USB-C connector is undoubtedly the future.. The highlight feature is the screen. You’d be forgiven for assuming that Force meant that it’s a screen which responds to pressure, like the new iPhones’ 3D Touch screens. Instead, it’s a special five-layer screen that is intended to be unbreakable, and won’t let you down even if you drop it.. Motorola calls is ShatterShield and it involves five components. At the base is an aluminium frame for strength. On top is a P-OLED screen that’s flexible and can take an impact (the P stands for plastic). On top of that is a dual touch layer, dual because there are two touch-sensitive layers, so the lower-most will take over should the upper-most fail because of a drop.. Covering that is the traditional glass you’d usually expect to see on any smartphone – Motorola calls this the ‘interior lens’. On the very top is a glass screen protector, the ‘exterior protective lens’ which is becoming a more common accessory for popular smartphones. It works in the same way, in that it’s a sacrificial screen protector that’s also user replaceable.. Unlike sticking a glass protector on any other phone, the Moto X Force’s ‘exterior lens’ is itself protected by a plastic surround. In the box you get a dual-purpose SIM tray and screen protector removal tool. If you damage the protector, you can remove it by prying it up with the plastic tool. The plastic also helps you to align a new protector – it’s impossible to stick it on squint.. With so many layers you might imagine that image quality or touch sensitivity is impaired, but it really isn’t. Yes, if you look closely you can see that the screen protector’s openings are marginally larger than the glass below around the grilles, but those who don’t know it’s there are unlikely to spot it.. Such is Motorola’s confidence in the system that it offers a four-year warranty against the screen failing due to accidental damage. The glass screen protector isn’t covered by it, so if you break that you’ll have to pay for an official Motorola replacement (£20).. The screen itself is a 5.4in Quad HD AMOLED panel, a return to the technology used in the first two Moto X phones, but not in the second two - the Style and Play which use IPS screens. Quad HD means a resolution of 2560x1440 and at this size, it's a pixel density of 540ppi. It’s bright enough at 578cm/m2 – measured with our Spyder4 - but while some will love the oversaturated AMOLED colours (we do) others will think them overblown and innacurate.. While the X Force is a great performer, it has launched at an awkward time. Qualcomm has already announced the Snapdragon 820 which will power many flagships next year. Plus, rival flagships which launched earlier in 2015 have already had price cuts which makes them cheaper than the Moto X Force.. However, as it stands today, the X Force is a quick phone. It has basically the same setup as the Nexus 6P - Snapdragon 810 (at 2GHz), Adreno 430 and 3GB RAM – and performed similarly in our tests, managing 40fps in the T-rex game test and 4455 in Geekbench 3.. In general use it also feels fast, and there are some neat Motorola additions including two hardware co-processors which enable the phone to respond very quickly to motion and voice commands. These tweaks (covered in more depth in the software section) make the phone more usable, such as the double-twist to launch the camera app when the phone is asleep, and a notification display when you wave your hand over the screen.. Motorola has also put a big battery inside (non-removable of course), and claims it will last a full two days. The actual amount of time it will go between charges will depend on what you’re using it for, but we comfortably got over a day’s use in our subjective testing. You might just get two days if you use the X Force lightly, but intensive use will render that an impossibility.. In our battery rundown test, the result was lower than expected at just over 5.5 hours. The Nexus 6P lasted well over 6 hours in the test, and the 5X just over 7 hours.. As well as wireless charging you get a ‘TurboPower’ charger in the box which really saves time over using a generic USB charger. For example, we connected it with the battery at 25 percent and 20 minutes later it was charged to over 60 percent.. There’s no change to the cameras compared to the Moto X Style and Play. That means 21Mp at the back and 5Mp at the front.. The range of shooting modes is subtly different, as it doesn’t shoot 1080p60 like the X Style, but it records slo-mo in 720p, which is better than the 540p mode of the X Play. It can also record 4K video at 30fps, and supports HDR video in 1080p and 4K.. There are both front- and rear flashes, with the rear being a dual-tone colour correcting unit that’s become common on many phones.. Photos are generally good, as are videos, but they’re not quite on a par with the Nexus 6P or 5X. One of the main disappointments is the smearing of certain textures which appears to be the fault of the noise reduction system. In the photo of St Pancras (admittedly taken in less than perfect conditions) the roof tiles are sharp, but much of the brickwork is a smeary mess. So the lens and senor are capable of capturing detail, but it won't necessarily make it through to the saved photo.. For more photo samples, plus video, see: Best phone cameras 2016. Motorola keeps the stock Android interface, which we love, and adds useful extras throughout. As well as the Moto app which we’ll come to in a minute, there’s Attentive Display which keeps the display on when you’re looking at it, overriding the timeout if necessary. That’s handy when you’re reading something but not interacting with the phone.. With Moto, you can record a custom phrase which launches the hands-free mode that you can use to access Google Now as well as reading out emails and text messages. There’s also a driving mode which automatically reads those aloud, and a night mode which you can configure to allow only priority interruptions to alert you.. Moto Display is configurable to show notifications from only certain apps and thanks to the AMOLED display, it uses very little power as it only lights up the necessary pixels.. Actions include the double-twist for camera, but you can also double karate chop to turn on the torch. Merely moving your hand over the screen displays notifications when it’s asleep, and picking up the phone does the same thing.. And like Siri on an iPhone, you can set Moto Voice to work when you lift the phone to your ear. Then you can say a command and get a reply more discreetly.. The fact you get Android Lollipop out of the box is bad timing, but Motorola has confirmed that an update to Marshmallow will be available “soon”.. 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor (MSM8994). 32 or 64GB built-in storage, up to 2TB microSD card slot. 5.4in AMOLED display, Quad HD (2560x1440). 3760mAh battery with TurboPower (PMA and Qi wireless charging). 21Mp rear camera with Dual-LED flash. 5Mp front-facing camera with LED flash. 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor (MSM8994). 32 or 64GB built-in storage, up to 2TB microSD card slot. 5.4in AMOLED display, Quad HD (2560x1440). 3760mAh battery with TurboPower (PMA and Qi wireless charging). 21Mp rear camera with Dual-LED flash. 5Mp front-facing camera with LED flash. There’s a clear reason to buy the Moto X Force: the shatter-proof screen. Whether you’re accident prone, or simply need a phone that’s not going to break on you at a critical moment, the X Force should be a compelling choice.. It’s a great phone in its own right, too. Powerful and with a top-quality screen and decent (if imperfect) cameras, you can’t ask for much more at this price. Except, perhaps, a fingerprint scanner and use of the second SIM slot for those that want it.. Battery life is good, if not quite as long as Motorola claims, and it charges speedily with the included adaptor.. Ultimately, the Moto X Force is a little on the expensive side for what you get, but the unique mix of additions to Android and the tough screen will make it worth it for some people.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
The Guardian - Back to home. What term do you want to search?. Find out what happened to Motorola’s latest flagship Android smartphone when it was dropped two-storeys, stamped on, thrown downstairs, hurled at the wall and given an intense beating with a hammer.. Motorola Moto X Force review: great phone with a screen you simply can't break. Dropped from two-storeys, stomped on, tumbled down stairs, slammed into a wall – even hitting it with a hammer can’t smash the screen on this top-end smartphone. Mon 21 Dec 2015 08.00. Last modified on Tue 21 Feb 2017 17.40. The build quality is excellent and the screen is crisp and bright. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The nylon back feels hard-wearing, but not premium. The curved back makes it easier to hold. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Screen: 5.4in quad HD AMOLED (540ppi). Processor: octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810. Camera: 21MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera. Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, NFC, wireless charging. Dimensions: 149.8 x 78 x 9.2mm. The sim card tray also takes a microSD card. Dual sim support is not available in the UK. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Gestures for quickly launching the camera or lighting the flash as a torch work well. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Motorola’s Active Display works well, but can sometimes get in the way of unlocking the phone. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The camera is good, but the Moto Camera app is frustrating to use. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. No matter how many times you drop it, the screen won’t smash. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. A microUSB port in the base - no USB-C to be found here. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Google Nexus 6P review: the best phablet available. Motorola Moto X Style review: cut-price quality phablet. LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an impressive camera. Google Nexus 5X review: the people’s Android phone?. OnePlus 2 review: a real ‘flagship phablet killer’?. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy ‘iPhone 6 Plus killer’. iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus. T he Moto X Force (known as the Droid Turbo 2 in the US) is the third in Motorola’s new Moto X smartphone line and claims to have a screen that will not break, no matter how many times you drop it. So we tested it to destruction.. The Force follows the good, mid-range Moto X Play and the excellent Moto X Style , as well as the successful Moto G , which is now in its third generation.. The Moto X Force isn’t a phone you would describe as pretty. The front of the device looks utilitarian, with a front-facing flash and two front-ported speakers at the bottom.. The phone has a trapezoid cross section and a back that comes covered in black nylon by default. It’s wide, solid and feels like a work horse that can take a beating, which is rather the point.. The Force is quite chunky by today’s standards at 9.2mm thick. But it’s relatively light, weighing 169g – which is 9g lighter than the 7.3mm thick Nexus 6P and 23g lighter than the 7.3mm iPhone 6S Plus .. The quad HD 5.4in AMOLED is of very high density with 540 pixels per inch, which makes it one of the crispest smartphones available. It’s pin-sharp, has very good blacks and is bright and vibrant. It’s a high-quality display that shows no visible signs that it is different from those fitted to devices such as a Samsung Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6S .. The front-facing speakers below the screen are not a stereo pair, but are loud enough to annoy everyone on the train.. The Moto X Force has Qualcomm’s top-of-the-line 810 processor with 3GB of RAM, which is pretty standard for a flagship smartphone from 2015.. It feels snappy and powers through pretty much anything. It got quite warm when downloading multiple things, but wasn’t overly hot when playing games or other demanding tasks.. Motorola says the Moto X Force should last 48 hours of mixed use with a large 3,760 milliampere-hour battery. For comparison, the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ has a 3,000mAh battery and the iPhone 6S Plus a 2,750mAh battery.. I found the Force consistently lasted two working days, but not quite 48 hours. With about two hours of browsing, hundreds of push notifications and emails, as well as 90 minutes of listening to music via Bluetooth headphones a day, it would be on its last legs when going to bed on the second day and dead by the time I woke up for the third day.. Only Sony’s Xperia Z5 Compact has consistently lasted longer in my testing.. The Force isn’t waterproof, but has a water repellent coating, which will help it survive a drink being spilt over it. It didn’t die when I spilt coffee on it, which is good. There’s a microSD card slot in the sim tray in the top of the device for adding more storage.. The Moto X Force runs the same version of Android 5 .1.1 Lollipop as Motorola’s other Moto X smartphones, with little in the way of modifications from the standard Android experience.. Motorola has added a few apps, including the Moto app that supports gestures such as karate chop to switch on the torch and a quick twist to launch the camera app. It also has expanded voice control and Motorola’s active display, which lights the display with notification icons and the time when you approach the phone with your hand. For more information see the Moto X Style review.. It’s a shame that it didn’t ship running the latest version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Motorola has promised an upgrade to the new version, but hasn’t given a date yet for when that will happen. The Force also ships with vulnerabilities to the Stagefright bug , which isn’t great.. The 21-megapixel camera is similar to that fitted to the Moto X Style , and produces very good images in good lighting conditions, with excellent colour and detail.. It has no optical image stabilisation, however, and struggles a little more than some high-end rivals in low-light conditions.. The 5-megapixel selfie-camera is one of the best available, but the front-facing flash does little to help anything taken more than an arm’s length away.. The camera app, however, is poor. I got much better results from the camera using Google’s free camera app. I found the Motorola camera app consistently failed to focus where I wanted it to in standard tap-to-shoot mode; the drag to focus is clumsy compared to simple tap to focus.. The rest of the phone is solid, but the reason you’d buy the Moto X Force is for the “shatterproof screen”.. A standard smartphone screen typically has three or four layers, including the display. The glass on top, a touchscreen layer and then the display underneath, as well as some sort of frame. The Moto X Force has six layers: a user-replaceable, scratch-resistant top layer, a second transparent layer, two touchscreen layers – just in case one breaks – the AMOLED display, and a rigid aluminium back to hold it together.. It’s not often I’m thoroughly impressed by a new piece of technology, but the Moto X Force lives up to Motorola’s claims. No matter how rough I treated it, the screen would not shatter. It even withstood a good blow from a hammer – and the touchscreen still worked.. The Motorola Moto X Force costs £499 for the 32GB version and £534 for the 64GB version.. For comparison, an iPhone 6S Plus costs £619, a Google Nexus 6P costs £449 and a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £555.. The Moto X Force is an excellent road-warrior phone. It’s solid, lasts two days at a pinch, has a decent camera, wireless charging and great-looking screen.. There are a few downsides: it doesn’t ship with the latest version of Android , is vulnerable to Stagefright, there is no fingerprint scanner, and it won’t be aesthetically pleasing to most.. But all of those are far outweighed by the fact that you simply can’t smash the screen. If you ever drop your phone or think you might, the Moto X Force is the answer. Pros: literally shatterproof screen, excellent display, fast, great battery life, good camera, microSD card slot, turbo charging, wireless charging. Cons: no fingerprint scanner, no Android 6.0 Marshmallow, vulnerable to Stagefright, battery isn’t removable. © 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The Motorola Moto X Force is the most powerful device released by Motorola in 2015. It has an impressive 20 megapixel camera and a battery that lasts all day. Match those features up with its powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and the MOto X Force can easily be the must-have smartphone for avid mobile gamers. £ 410 on Amazon UK http://amzn.to/1PHVvBv € 613 on Amazon IT http://amzn.to/1PHVLQT $ 630 on Amazon US http://amzn.to/1my3B7o. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Moto X Force (Droid Turbo 2) VS iPhone 6S+ - Speed & Camera Test!. Moto X Force Hindi Review LivTech. Motorola Moto X Force Full Review | Digit.in. Moto X Force (Droid Turbo 2) VS Moto X Style (Pure) Android 6.0 Marshmallow - Speed Test!. Hands-on: Motorola Moto X Force with Indestructable Screen (aka Droid Turbo 2). Moto X Force onbreekbaar scherm - Review (Consumentenbond). Moto X Force Shatterproof Smartphone Review with Pros & Cons. Motorola Moto X Force Review ENG | HDblog. Motorola Moto X Force India Hands on Review with Quick Drop Test. Moto X Force Shatterproof Smartphone Unboxing & Overview. Moto X Pure Edition – After The Buzz. Motorola Moto X Force Unboxing and Hands On, Shatterproof Drop Test India - iGyaan. Moto X Force (Droid Turbo 2) Unboxing! (4K). Moto X Force (Droid Turbo 2) - Hammer Drop Test (4K). Moto X Force - Unboxing and first impressions. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
are now inclusive of VAT Details. All orders of 100.00 AED or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Electronics Mobiles & Tablets Baby & Toys Home & Kitchen Perfumes & Beauty Sports & Fitness Automotive Brand Stores Books. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Sports Watches & Jewelry Bags Eyewear Collections International Store Top Brands Outlet Amazon Global Store. Women Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames Jewelry. Men Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames. Sports Men Sportswear Men Athletic Shoes Women Sportswear Women Athletic Shoes. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops T-shirts Jeans Pants Sportswear Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Skirts Jackets & Coats Arabian Wear. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches & Evening Bags Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Heels Wedges Flats Sandal & Slippers Boots. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Jewelry Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Charms Rings Fine Jewelry. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye Clubmaster. Top Brands adidas Aldo Call It Spring Forever 21 Guess Michael Kors Missguided Nike Only Puma Lacoste Koton Vero Moda. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans Trousers Sportswear Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Sandals Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Round Rimless. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Band. Top Brands Brave Soul Call It Spring Forever 21 Fred Perry Hugo Boss Jack & Jones Lacoste Levi's Original Penguin Polo Ralph Lauren Skechers Timberland Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Women | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Bras and Vests Running Clothing Training Clothing Shop All Women | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Men | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands adidas Nike Skechers Puma New Balance Under Armour Asics Anta Columbia Converse Mizuno Vans Shop All. Women Clothing Only Vero Moda Tommy Hilfiger Glamorous Forever 21 Tally Weijl Quiz Clothing Guess Juicy Couture Brave Soul Ichi OVS. Women Shoes Nike Skechers Reebok Puma Aldo Nine West Guess Coach Missguided Truffle Shellys London Emu Michael Kors. Women Accessories Tory Burch DKNY Fossil Marc By Marc Jacobs Kenneth Cole XOXO Esprit Gucci Nine West Akribos XXIV Just Cavalli Lauren by Ralph Lauren. Polo Assn Jack & Jones Timberland Ralph Lauren Tommy Hilfiger Santa Monica Polo Club Brave Soul Tokyo Laundry Bellfield Gant Guess Diesel Hugo Boss. Men Shoes Nike Timberland Reebok Skechers Puma Aldo Jack & Jones New Balance Converse Vans Call It Spring adidas Asics. Men Accessories Emporio Armani Oakley JBW Tommy Hilfiger Fossil Daniel Wellington Puma Diesel Polaroid Tissot Michael Kors Tumi Levi's. Food & Beverages Dairy Products Beauty Homecare Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Breakfast Cereal Oats & Granola Jams, Spreads & Honey Pastas and Noodles. Snacks Chips & Crisps Biscuits & Cookies Nuts & Seeds Dates Confectionery Chocolate & Candy. Cooking Soup Rice & Pulses Spices & Condiments Packaged Meals Organic Food. Beverages Water Juices Sodas Energy Drinks Tea Coffee Milk. Hair Care Hair Dyes Hair Treatment Shampoos Conditioners. Skin Care Body Lotions Face Creams Anti Aging Wet Wipes. Personal Care Soap & Shower Gel Mouth Wash Toothbrushes Toothpaste Deodorants Feminine Hygiene. Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Liquid Powder. Cleaning Supplies Dish Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Multi Purpose Cleaners Air Fresheners. Paper & Plastic Trash Bags Tissue Disposable Napkins Disposable Cups. Small Appliances Blenders & Mixers Juice Extractors Food Preparation Vacuum Cleaners Coffee Machines View All Large Appliances Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens & Ranges Air Conditioners Microwaves View All. Laptops Macbooks Gaming Laptops All In Ones | Desktops 2 in 1 Laptops Below AED 1,999 View All Accessories Hard Disks Routers Printers Monitors USB Drives View All. Televisions LED 4K UHD Smart TV Below AED 1,499 55" Full HD View All Home Audio/Video Speakers Home Theatres Projectors Headphones TV Accessories View All. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All Cameras Action Cameras DSLRs Point & Shoot Lenses & Flash Accessories View All. Accessories Headsets Smartwatches Powerbanks Cables & Chargers Fitness Trackers View All Cases & Covers For iPhone 8 For Samsung S8 Below AED 59 For Xiaomi For iPhone 7 View All. Tablets iPads Samsung Microsoft Surface Lenovo Innjoo View All Shop By Price Below AED 299 AED 300 - 599 AED 600 - 999 AED 1000 - 1999 Above AED 2000 View All. Mobiles Samsung iPhones OnePlus Xiaomi Motorola Sony Nokia Huawei HTC BlackBerry ASUS Honor LG View All. Trending Samsung S8 iPhone X iPhone 8 Samsung Note 8 Honor 9 Lite View All Only On Souq OnePlus 5T ASUS Zenfone 2 Motorola G5 Plus BLU Vivo 6 Infinix S2 Pro View All. Baby & Toddler Diapering Baby Food Feeding Bath & Skin Care Baby Health & Safety Baby Toys & Accessories Nursery Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Shop All Buying Guide. Baby Gear Prams & Strollers Car Seats & Boosters Travel Systems Bouncers, Rockers, Swings Monitors & Gates Walkers High Chairs Playards Shop All. Toys & Games LEGO, Building & Blocks Electronic & RC Toys Action Figures Arts & Crafts Cards, Games & Puzzles Educational Toys Stuffed Toys Dolls & Dolls houses Dress Up & Pretend Play Board Games Party Supplies Shop All. Sports & Outdoor Play Playhouses , Tables & Slides Swing Sets & Climbers Trampolines & Accessories Swimming Pools & Water Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride Ons Sandboxes & Beach Toys Blaster Toys Bounce Houses & Ball Pits. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All. Furniture Bedroom Living Room Kitchen & Dining Room Home Office Home Entertainment Bean Bags Décor Wallpaper & Decals Clocks Paintings/Posters Candles & Holders Curtains & Slipcovers Garden Décor. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Dinnerware Bakeware Cutlery Glassware & Drinkware Serveware Kitchen Tools Do it Yourself Measuring & Layout Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Hardware Electrical. Outdoor Trolley Suitcases & Bags Packing & Bags Accessories Lawn & Garden Outdoor Living Grills & Outdoor Cooking Home Accents & Other Crafts Bean Bags Lightings Rugs, Carpets & Mats Decorative Cushions Clocks Sewing & Acessories Coins & Stamps Collections. Bed Comforters & Duvet Sets Bedspreads & Bedding Sheets Blankets & Throws Pillows Mattress & Toppers Bath Towels Tubs, Sinks & Taps Toilets & Urinals Pets Pet Food Pet Supplies Shop All. Perfumes & Fragrances Women Men New Arrivals Arabic Perfumes Fragrance Gift Sets Perfume Buying Guide Health Dietary Supplements Vitamins & Minerals Sport Nutrition Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitors Small Medical Equipments. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nails Palettes & Sets Beauty Tools & Brushes Hair Hair Straightners Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Oils, Serums & Treatments Wigs Hair Accessories. Personal Care Women Hair Removal Dental Care Skin Care Massagers Bath & Body Body Support & Slimming Men's Grooming Electric Shavers Trimmers Hair Clippers Beard & Mustache Care Hair Loss Treatment. Brand Stores Luxury Beauty L'Oreal Paris Maybelline Philips Braun Oral-B Scholl Veet. Cardio Training Treadmills Exercise Bikes Rowing Machines Aerobic Steppers Exercise Ropes Fitness Trackers Ab Machines Air walkers Gym Massager Sports Fashion Footwear Clothing Accessories. Strength & Weights Home Gym Dumbbells Medicine Balls Kettlebells & Barbells Multi-Function Benches Yoga Mats Gym Gloves Gym Balls Gym Belts. Outdoor Golf Skiing Water Sports Cycling Running Camping Camping Tents Accessories Lights Camping Bed. Team Sports Football Volleyball Basketball Tennis Cricket Squash Table Tennis Badminton Leisure Sports/Games Billiard Fishing Games. Brands Everlast Body Sculpture Nike Adidas Yonex Top Skyland Wilson Aqua Sphere Waterrower Marshall fitness Nordictrack Life Top TA Sports. Car Care & Protection Air fresheners & Purifiers Car Covers Car Cleaning Tools Car polishing product Vacuum Cleaners Vehicle Fluids & Lubricants Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Audio & Video Tools Woofers & Amplifiers Car Bluetooth Kit Car Camera system. GPS devices Navigation System Portable Navigators In-Dash Navigators Handheld Navigators GPS Accessories GPS Receiver Car Parts & tools Car Parts Car Error Reader Car Lightings Car Air Filters Car Maintainence Car Tools. Car Accessories Interiors Accessories Exterior Accessories Car Key & Keychains Tires & wheels Compressors & Tire inflators Tire tools & product Motorcycle Parts. Top Brands Garmin Sony Clayton Boschmann JVC JBL Turtle Wax American Breeze Armor All Jabra Kenwood. (Eligible for FREE Shipping ). Education, Learning & Self Help Books. & Up ( 56 ). & Up ( 75 ). & Up ( 78 ). & Up ( 78 ). Motorola Moto X Force - 32GB,3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black. Moto X Force - Rubik Real Tempered Glass Saphire HD Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X Force. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Motorola Moto X Style - 32GB, 4G LTE, White. Motorola Moto X Play - 16GB, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black. Motorola Moto X - 16GB, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE, White. Second camera : front camera 2 megapixel. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789 Smartphone, Black. Motorola Moto X Style - 32 GB, 4G LTE, Bamboo Inlay. Motorola Moto X Style - 16 GB, 4G LTE, Black Lens. screen protector motorola moto x play. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Moto Z Force Glass Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Tempered glass screen protector Motorola moto x play. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Motorola Moto X - Rubik Real Tempered Glass HD Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 to 5 inch. Motorola Moto X Play - Rubik Real Tempered Glass HD Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X Play. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Motorola Moto X Style - Rubik Real Tempered Glass HD Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X Style. Supported Screen Size : 5.6 to 6 inch. For Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Real Tempered Glass Saphire Screen Protector For Moto X (2nd Gen) X2. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Ozone Motorola Moto X Style Crystal Clear HD Screen Protector Scratch Guard (Pack of 2). Supported Screen Size : 4.6 to 5 inch. 3 units Motorola Moto X ULTRA CLEAR HD Screen Protector GLOSSY LCD Scratch Guard. Margoun Glass screen protector for Motorola Moto X Style. Supported Screen Size : 5.6 to 6 inch. Ozone Motorola Moto X-Style Shock Proof Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 to 5 inch. Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X Play. Supported Screen Size : 5.6 to 6 inch. CALANS Motorola Moto X XT1055 XT1056 XT1058 XT1060 LCD Screen Protector Guard Cover Skin Film -(Clear). Orion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Motorola Moto Z Force Droid. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Motorola Moto X Style Tempered Screen Protector HD 9H Glass Screen Protector Film for Motorola Moto X Style. Supported Screen Size : 5.6 - 6 inch. Orion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 to 5 inch. Healing Shield Migh-T HD Clear Screen Protector [2-Pack] for Motorola MOTO X Play - Japan Base Film. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Orion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen). Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Margoun Glass screen protector for Motorola Moto X play. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Pack of 3 Invisible Defender – Motorola X Screen Protector [Perfect Touch Precision] Premium JAPANESE High Definition HD Clarity Film EXTREME CLEAR Screen guard for Moto X. Orion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X Pro. Supported Screen Size : 5.6 to 6 inch. Orion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Motorola Moto X (2014). Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Previous 1 2 3 4 5 Next. This item is currently out of stock. Order now, only 0 left in stock!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday Samsung S9 | S9+ Samsung Apple IPhone Souq Fashion Souq SuperMarket AmazonBasics Home & Kitchen Sports & Fitness Baby & Toys. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Easy Payment Plans Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program Helpbit Services. 
Products Smartphones Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra Refurbished Phones Motorola Nokia Samsung Gaming Microsoft Xbox Nintendo Sony Playstation Tablets Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung Accessories Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra Lifestyle Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles Memory Smart Wearables Fitness Wristbands Smart Watches Clearance / Special Offers Cables and Chargers Cases Miscellaneous Items Screen Protectors Information Contact Us About Us Delivery Information Returns Terms and Conditions International Customers. Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra. Nokia 301 - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Motorola Moto G 4G - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 - White - 4G - Unlocked - Grade A. Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung. The Latest Range of Smartphone, Mobile Technology & Mobile Phone Accessories. Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles. Motorola Moto X Force (SIM Free/UK). Reasons to buy the Moto X Force. All new ShatterShield™ unbreakable screen technology. Android 5.1.1 Lollipop - guaranteed Android 6.0 update. 2.0 GHz octa-core CPU – Snapdragon 810 - incredible daily speed and gaming performance. 21 MP camera – f/2.0 aperture & dual LED flash - the best Motorola camera ever. 5.4” Quad HD display (1440 x 2560) AMOLED display. 3 GB RAM - keep all your apps open and running quickly. Super high capacity 3,760 mAh battery. Front facing speakers – superior sound. 3 Pin Mains Adapter (Motorola Adaptive Turbo Power 25 Charger). Do you have a question? Your Name: Your Email: Your Question: Security:. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 58, 79, 21, 99, 34. Be the first to write a review!. Friendly staff based in the UK. Active on socail media including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram & Google. With over 20 years of trading behind us, we can boast a large customer base ranging from individual consumers through to large corporate and government organisations here in the UK and internationally.. Whether you are looking for a case, a cable or a number of smartphones for your staff, just some of the reasons to chosoe Clove are:. See what existing customers think of us. CLICK HERE to see our Trusted Shops rating or to find out more, view our About Us page.. If you have any questions then please call us on 44 (0)1202 552936 or email sales@clove.co.uk.. The competitor must be located in the UK. The item must be the same specification & colour. The item must be originally intended to be sold in the same sales region (UK). The competitor must have the product in stock. Full web address of other item:. We are committed to giving you the best prices possible so if you find an identical product elsewhere then fill out our form and let us know.. We will always try to match a competitors price but cannot guarantee that we will be able to.. To qualify for a price match:. Any item we price match will include delivery costs. For any further details please call us on +44(0)1202 552936. Motorola Moto X Force XT1580 MOT-XF. THE MOTO X FORCE HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED WITH NO DIRECT REPLACEMENT. PLEASE SEE THE CURRENT MOTO RANGE HERE .. How often have you seen a smartphone drop to the floor, alongside a pained look on the face of the owner as they turn it over?. A lot of top quality phones use some screen protection, however this is usually just for avoiding and minimising scratches. What if the screen was truly shatterproof?. The Moto X Force delivers in this key area. With innovative new ShatterShield™ technology developed over the past 3 years, Motorola are so confident in their unbreakable screen, they offer a 4 year warranty on shatter damage*.. Clove Technology offer the Motorola X Force as a SIM free and Unlocked phone. It can be used use on global GSM and 3G networks, with a compatible nano SIM card.. Please check you local operator for LTE compatibility outside of Europe.. The Motorola X Force is available with 32GB internal storage and 3GB of RAM. The base colour option is Black Ballistic Nylon.. *PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THE MOTOROLA MOTO X FORCE SOLD BY CLOVE TECHNOLOGY IS A SINGLE SIM UNIT.. THE SIM TRAY IN THE PHONE MAY SUGGEST IT CAN HOLD A SECOND SIM. THE PHONE'S SOFTWARE WILL ONLY ACCEPT A SINGLE SIM AND MICROSD & NOT TWO SIM CARDS.. Experience the world's first shatterproof display. In development for the past three years, the Moto ShatterShield™ technology included in the Moto X Force is guaranteed not to shatter or crack for four years**.. With all the power and performance of a high-end flagship phone, the Motorola Moto X Force is an exceptional phone, providing productivity, gaming, communication and peace of mind.. An exclusive screen system, ShatterShield features five separate layers in its construction. These have been designed to fit together seamlessly, absorbing and dissipating shock traumas and avoiding shattering.. Layer 1: Exterior protective lens - The external protective layer. Uses a proprietary hardcoat developed to ward off dents, abrasion and scratches.. Layer 2: Interior lens - This is a highly transparent protective layer to add protection and absorb force. Lightweight and clear, you won't eve know the interior lens is there.. Layer 3: Dual touch layer - Most phones have one layer of touch sensitive surface. The Moto X Force has two. In the unlikely event heavy impact damages the primary layer, the second takes over keep working.. Layer 4: AMOLED display - The main display for your X Force. With deep colour contrasts and true blacks, AMOLED technology delivers exceptional picture quality at low power.. Layer 5: Aluminium chassis - Designed for complete structural integrity and durability, the rigid edging of the ShatterShield system holds everything in place and acts as an achor, allowing impact forces to travel away from more fragile screen elements and into the casing.. A tough phone shouldn't look ugly.. The Moto X Force uses a machined aluminium casing and edging for a premium feel, alongside a durable curved ballistic nylon backplate, featuring a textured pattern to add grip.. Motorola have included an industry leading 21 megapixel camera with all the 2015 Moto X models. With a precision engineered 7 element lens atop the sensor, you can achieve highly detailed images.. Achieve rapid phase-detection auto focussing with zero shutter lag, plus use the colour correlated temperature (CCT) dual-tone LED flash to ensure your images are always well lit, enhanced with an f/2.0 aperture for great light levels.. You can record video in 4K at 30 frames per second and enjoy advanced slow motion recording up to 1080p resolution. Automatic video stabilisation helps you keep the action smooth even during quick panning.. The front facing camera offers a decent 5 MP resolution, helped by a wide-angle lens for group shots and an adaptive night mode to help with those dusky selfies taken at the bar or elsewhere.. The X Force has been specially coated with a hydrophobic (water-repellant) coating. This advanced nano-technology creates a barrier which helps protect against moderate water exposure, forcing it away. This should give you peace of mind against spills, splashes and light rain (N.B. The X Force is NOT waterproof and not designed to be fully submerged in liquid).. With patented Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ technology, you can use a compatible turbo charger to achieve up to 13 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes from zero charge. The 3,760 mAh battery offers an exceptional capacity and should deliver 48 hours of average continued use (user profile and usage dependent).. Expand your memory with micro SD cards for storing pictures, videos, music and other files. Moto X Force supports the current highest capacity 200 GB SD cards, with a theoretical limit of 2TB for future proofing.. Motorola deliver a practically pure version of Google's Android operating system, without overlays or redesigns that can clutter and slow down a smartphone.. The first X Forces will come with Android 5.1.1 Lollipop installed, with a guaranteed update to Android 6.0 Marshmallow - expected before the end of 2015.. Extra voice control allows you to control the X Force without using your hands. Utilising features integrated from Google Now and enhanced with Motorola's own software, you can ask for directions, search for queries on the web and bring up calendar and event information, all without even touching the handset.. Moto Assist is also available to keep your phone doing the things you need it to when you want it to. Set up intelligent profiles that respond to the time of day or particular activities. Drop into a specialised priority mode at night, or launch navigation and Google Music when you start moving in the car.. * The display and embedded lens are warranted against shattering and cracking for four (4) years from the original date of purchase; scratches or other damage to the protective lens is not covered by this warranty, but should always be in place to prevent scratches and other damage to the underlying components. This phone is not shockproof or designed to withstand all damage from dropping. All other warranty exclusions, including scratches and other cosmetic damage, intentional damage or abuse, normal wear and tear and other limitations apply.. ** Additional warranty coverage for those Products that contain the Moto ShatterShield ™ Display System: The Moto ShatterShield ™ display system is made up of 3 separate components; the display, embedded lens and a protective lens. The display and embedded lens are warranted against shattering and cracking for four (4) years from the original date of purchase. The protective lens is not covered by this Limited Warranty, but should always remain in place to prevent scratches and other damage to the underlying components. All other limitations and exclusions contained in this Limited Warranty (see What is Not Covered section within warranty document), including scratches and other cosmetic damage, intentional damage or abuse, and normal wear and tear apply to the components of the Moto ShatterShield ™ display system.. Version 5.1.1 (Lollipop) Upgrade to 6.0 Marshmallow confirmed. Make/Model Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 810 processor MSM8994. Capacity (Up to) 200 GB tested (2TB theoretical limit). Resolution 2560 x 1440 QHD (~540 ppi). Other ShatterShield™ screen technology, water repellent nano-coating. Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. Frequencies Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 25, 28, 40. Version 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 / 5 GHz). Video Out Wireless Miracast / Screen Mirroring. Flash Phase detection autofocus & dual-LED flash. Other f/2.0 aperture, Colour Correlated Temperature (CCT) flash, Auto HDR, Panorama. Type 5MP, f/2.0 aperture, 1.4um pixel, wide-angle lens. Formats MP3 / AAC / WAV / WMA. Formats MP4 / H.264 / WMV. Dimensions 149.8 x 78 x 7.6 mm - 9.2 mm. Software Google Services, Google Play, Moto Display, Moto Assist, Moto Voice. Other PMA & Qi wireless charging. The following is a list of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about this product. Hopefully you will find the answer to your question, if not, use the contact form below and we shall answer it for you.. Yes - If you are located outside of the UK you may want to take a look at our list of FAQs for international customers on the following link: http://www.clove.co.uk/international-customers.aspx. Is this phone SIM FREE and Unlocked?. Yes, this phone is unlocked and can be used with networks around the world.. Do check the specifications to ensure compatibility in your region with your network provider. No SIM card or contract applies to this phone.. Unless the description of the product suggests otherwise (I.e. EX-DEMO) then this product is brand new and has not been used before.. No - There is only the manufacturer’s branding.. Does the phone have a Micro SDHC/memory card slot?. Yes – this phone supports up to 200GB of external storage. Is this a dual SIM phone?. No - You can use only one SIM in this handset.. What SIM card does this phone use?. It uses a Nano SIM card.. Yes – this phone is compatible on international LTE bands (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 25, 28, 40). Please check with your local operator for LTE network provisions in your area. Does this phone have a removable battery?. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 58, 79, 21, 99, 34. Call us on +44 (0)1202 552936 | Email us at sales@clove.co.uk. © Copyright Design and Content Clove Technology. © Copyright Coding and Touch E-commerce platform from Online Retailing. This item has been added to your basket.. This item has been added to your compare list.. 
Sign up for our weekly newsletter!. News Reviews Articles Buying Guide Sample Images Videos Cameras Lenses Phones Printers Forums Galleries Challenges. Help DPReview: Take our visitor survey!. Motorola Moto X Force / Droid Turbo 2 camera review. Motorola Moto X Force / Droid Turbo 2 camera review. 21MP 1/2.4-inch SONY IMX230 BSI CMOS sensor. 5MP wide angle front camera with flash. 5.4-inch Quad-HD AMOLED display (540 ppi) with ShatterShield protection. Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 Processor with 2.0 GHz octa-core CPUs. with quick and wireless charging technology (Qi and Powermat). The Moto X Force is the international version of the Verizon-exclusive US model Droid Turbo 2 and the current flagship model in the Moto line. With a Sony 1/2.4-inch 21MP IMX230 sensor, F2.0 aperture, 4K video and a flash-equipped 5MP front camera, the Force's imaging specification is very similar to the Moto X Style. However, it comes with higher-end processing components, including a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 chipset and 3GB RAM.. DPReview smartphone reviews are written with the needs of photographers in mind. We focus on camera features, performance, and image quality.. The Moto X Force's stand-out feature is its AMOLED display.. At 5.4" it is a little smaller than the Moto X Style's 5.7" IPS variant but offers Motorola's new ShatterShield protection which means it's guaranteed not to crack or shatter.. with a solid metal frame and a back that is covered with a rubberized material, making the Moto X Force an ideal phone for use in rougher surroundings.. We've considered every aspect of the Motorola Moto X Force. We examined the user interface of the native camera app and its special features. We experimented with the camera's performance when taking stills and video, and had a play with the device's many special feature modes.. Tags: review , mobile , android , motorola. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 / Motorola Moto X Force. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 results on Amazon.com. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless) $280.00 Shop now Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 - 32GB Verizon (Certified Refurbished) (Black) $219.99 Shop now Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Grey Color Shatterproof Display Verizon $117.99 Shop now Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB - Black Leather (Verizon Wireless) $239.95 Shop now Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 - 32GB Verizon (Certified Refurbished) (White Soft Grip) $199.99 Shop now. How old is this review? Why a review for a phone that's replaced soon?. although, I am using almost Samsung smartphone in recent year, but as per specs, I will love it!. I am using this one all the time even when I have my dslr on hand. Love Motorola smartphone's even if i can't pay it, has this one LTE as well ? Make some smart tool to put this one behind a telescope lens.. "Moto X Force"? Are they marketing these to 13-year-old boys? What's next, the "Moto Titanium Testosterone PowerForce X14 Protein-Enhanced Ab Ripper & Male Enhancer"?. Is it better than touchwiz? How about coolpix? Or cybershot? What about powershot?. What's next is the "Moto ED Force", marketed to men over 50.. Better than touchwiz for sure, but way too testosterone-insecure. What is it about American culture that marketers always go with "manly" chest-thumping power-obsessed messaging? You know Nissan's fire-breathing 300ZX sportscar from the 1990s? Know what it was called in Japan? Fairlady. Can you imagine the masculinity panic an American buyer would have at the car dealership? Everything here is Ram and Challenger and Power this and Pro that. Really, I don't know which is more lame, the fact that marketers come up with these silly names or that marketers have reason to believe they actually work. Fortunately, Apple doesn't feel compelled to counter with a new Nuclear Armageddon I Spit on Your Grave Phone.. Corners go from being slightly soft, to horrendously soft. So either its just not a consistent shooter...has something to do with OIS or shifting focal distances, or even lens copy variations (which still exist even in the smartphone world). Either way the samples here do not make me envy anything as the lens I have on my S6 remains pretty sharp to the edges. Also the jpeg engine is hideous. I also do not like my Samsung camera app compared to the Google camera app. What camera app do you guys use?. "The Moto X Force comes with Qualcomm's current top-end chipset Snapdragon 820 ..." If only! But I thought it came with the 810?. you are of course right, got that wrong on the Performance page, everywhere else it was correct. And thanks for reviewing this phone. It has not received much limelight, so it is good to read a solid camera review. I never buy phones anywhere close to launch price, so your slow but thorough approach to getting things done is fine by me!. I'm saying from experience (owned 2 Droid phones which I sorely regret).. My experience with Motorola phones is the opposite. I have been using Motorola phones since the mid 1990s (long before digital cellular), and before I ever heard of Google! :). @Lars: a few years back, the original Droid with the stupid keyboard, then the Droid something without a keyboard which I thought to give it a try. I don't think I will ever buy another Motorola.. @sh10453: I am talking about smart phones.. well, I agree that Motorola models a few years back weren't all that great but after the Google-Takeover things improved dramatically in my opinion and Motorola is making some really nice devices, the Moto G for example is one of the best value for money smartphones you'll find.. Howard, Like sh10453, my experience with Motorola, both smartphones and those before smartphones, has been quite satisfying. The most important aspect of their performance -- for me -- is Motorola's signal reception, which I've found superior to other brands. I've also been told, repeatedly, by Verizon salespeople that Motorola has the best reception.. On the other hand, I really have nothing to offer regarding Motorola's smartphone cameras.. I do not share your experience either. I really enjoyed the Motorola phone I owned. This one looks to be a very compelling package too. What is not clear to me in the review is whether it runs pure Android like a Nexus or whether it has additional UI overlay. Having used pure Android over the last year or so, I will stick with it in the future. I really like it as an OS and having updates as soon as they are released is fantastic.. It'd be nice to have a Compared To (and specifically in this case, the Xperia Z series, which is more waterproof, less drop-proof, and has a camera with very similar paper specs).. It is hard to get bad pictures when you travel in Spain.. Am I correct that this article does not mention anywhere the focal length of the camera being tested ?. it is not mentioned because the equivalent focal length is hardly ever provided by the manufacturers and the actual focal length (4,67mm) doesn't tell you much, in any case you can see it in the samples' Exif data. That said, pretty much all high-end smartphones have an equivalent focal length somewhere between 28 and 31mm these days, so there's really not much of a difference.. Some phones do have wider lenses than that. The latest Sonys have a 24mm eq. wide angle while the LG G5 has an 18mm eq. well, yes, as you point out it's on the secondary lens on the LG and the Sony has a multi-aspect ratio sensor, you only get the 24mm in 16:9. At 4:3 it is 28mm if I am not mistaken. My statement above was a general one, I am sure there are some exceptions.. Technically the lens on the Sony Z5/X is 23mm which yields a 24mm equivalent in 4:3.. Generally speaking, as smartphones have gotten thinner, their lenses have become quite a bit wider (the iPhone used to have a 35mm eq lens). Now the iPhone 6/6S are 29mm, Galaxy S7 is 26mm, Huawei P9 is 27mm, LG G5 is 28mm.. It's all academic of course, but I just thought it is worth pointing out.. I think it is a specification that matters to me. But if the manufactures does not provide it - then - well....... What company will own Motorola brand cellphones next? :-) If memory serves, the company was sold to Google, who sold it to Lenovo.. well, the Lenovo takeover was formalized not too long ago, so I guess that's where Moto will be for some time.. Is there any chance of adding smartphones to the studio scene comparison tool? ^^'. they are already in there...we're looking to add this one as soon as possible.. I meant to add smartphones along with cameras , and making shots at different ISO levels (as with cameras).. this would be much more difficult than it looks at first. Many phones actually do not have any manual control over ISO and shutter speeds which would be needed for this and when they have it, adjustments are not nearly as precise as on a DSLR. Also, with most users using smartphone cameras in Auto mode and cameras using night and other modes it just doesn't make the same sense it does for "real" cameras.. I just wished to have more direct comparisons, since the gap in IQ between the two device types has become narrower in recent years.. DxOMark Mobile report: Motorola Droid Turbo 2. Super charged? Motorola Droid Turbo 2 preview and samples. Motorola launches Droid Turbo 2 with shatterproof display. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. first impressions Feb 15, 2018 at 05:00. The Fujifilm X-H1 is a top-of-the-range 24MP mirrorless camera with in-body stabilization and the company's most advanced array of video capabilities. We've been shooting with one for a while now and have put together a gallery, a sample video and some preliminary analysis.. Panasonic Lumix DC-GX9 First Impressions Review and Sample Gallery. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's Lumix DC-GX9 is a rangefinder-style mirrorless camera that offers quite a few upgrades over its predecessor, with a lower price tag to boot. We've spent the weekend with the GX9 and have plenty of thoughts to share, along with an initial set of sample photos.. Panasonic Lumix DC-ZS200/TZ200: First Impressions Review. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's new premium compact boasts a 24-360mm equiv. F3.3-6.4 zoom lens, making it the longest reaching 1"-type pocket camera on the market. We spent a little time with it; read our first impressions.. Review: Google Pixel 2 is the best smartphone for stills photographers. review Feb 12, 2018 at 14:00. The Pixel 2 pushes the envelope in terms of what can be accomplished with computational photography. Find out why it earns our highest ever score for a smartphone camera in our full review.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for landscapes. Landscape photography isn't as simple as just showing up in front of a beautiful view and taking a couple of pictures. Landscape shooters have a unique set of needs and requirements for their gear, and we've selected some of our favorites in this buying guide.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for parents. Kids really are the ultimate test for a camera's autofocus system. We've compiled a short list of what we think are the best options for parents trying to keep up with young kids, and narrowed it down to one best all-rounder.. Buying Guide: Best cameras over $2000. If you're a serious enthusiast or working pro, the very best digital cameras on the market will cost you at least $2000. That's a lot of money, but generally speaking these cameras offer the highest resolution, the best build quality and the most advanced video specs out there, as well as fast burst rates and top-notch autofocus.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for video. Video features have become an important factor to many photographers when choosing a new camera. Read on to find out which cameras we think are best for the videophile.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for sports and action. Are you a speed freak? Hungry to photograph anything that goes zoom? Or perhaps you just want to get Sports Illustrated level shots of your child's soccer game. Keep reading to find out which cameras we think are best for sports and action shooting.. Lost For Words! by wam7 from Humerous Animals Jimmy by bofo777 from Portrait of the groom. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. Feb 26, 2018 149 first impressions. Canon announces EOS M50 with 24MP sensor, 4K video and built-in EVF. Canon is taking the wraps off the EOS M50, a beginner-friendly mirrorless camera that's the first in the company's M-series to offer 4K video capture. It uses a 24MP APS-C sensor with Dual Pixel autofocus, a new Digic 8 processor and unlike its M100 sibling, provides a built-in viewfinder.. Feb 26, 2018 73 camera news. Canon's clever new Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically adjusts to bounce flash. By determining its distance to a subject and distance to the ceiling, the Canon Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically pivots to create an optimal angle for bounce flash – helping flash beginners create more flattering portraits with ease.. Flashes for the masses: Why the Canon 470EX-AI is a big deal. It's not often that a new flashgun will get us really excited, but the Canon 470EX-AI isn't your ordinary flashgun. Here's why we think it's worth a look, particularly for photographers who haven't yet taken the plunge into artificial lighting.. Canon introduces EOS Rebel T7 with updated 24MP sensor. Canon's beginner-friendly DSLR just got an update, and now includes a higher resolution 24MP sensor, but the rest remains broadly familiar. It arrives in April with a 18-55mm F3.5-5.6 II kit lens for $550.. Feb 26, 2018 26 camera news. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. The Nokia 8 Sirocco swaps the original 8's secondary monochrome sensor for a tele-lens with 2x zoom.. Samsung unveils Galaxy S9 with variable aperture and super-slow-motion. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9+ smartphones come with a range of innovative camera features and functions.. Huawei launches MediaPad M5 Pro tablet with M-Pen. The larger version of Huawei's new premium tablet features a stylus with 4096 levels of pressure for easier image editing and note-taking.. Fujifilm X-H1 versus X-T2: what does the new camera bring?. The Fujifilm X-H1 takes its place above the previous range-topping X-T2. What does the new camera bring to the table, and what kind of photographer is it designed for?. Tiffen announces foot operated gas-lift Steadicam Air monopod. Tiffen has joined the monopod market with the new Steadicam Air. The Steadicam Air is a three-section carbon fibre model that uses a gas spring and foot pedal close to the base to quickly and easily adjust the monopod's height.. Kodak Alaris is bringing back T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film. Kodak Alaris is resurrecting yet another film photography product. Kodak's T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film—which the company says can be push processed to ISO 25,000—is officially coming back in March!. Ex-Lexar execs have launched a new memory card company, here's why you should care. ProGrade Digital is new brand of memory cards aimed at professional photographers and demanding amateurs. Here's what sets ProGrade apart, and why the company believes it can compete with the big guys.. Sigma 14-24mm F2.8 DG HSM Art will cost just $1,300, seriously undercuts Nikon. Sigma announced pricing and availability for its much-anticipated 14-24mm F2.8 Art lens today, revealing that the ultra-wide zoom will begin shipping mid-March for $1,300 USD.. Feb 23, 2018 138 lens news. 'Perfect' sensors may be possible, but might not come to cameras. A recent breakthrough means the future could include sensors that perfectly describe the light in the scene, offer new computational possibilities and give film-like latitude in the highlights. And yet we may never see them in cameras, says father of the CMOS sensor, Professor Eric Fossum.. Tokina unveils the FíRIN 20mm F2.0 FE AF autofocus lens for Sony E-Mount. The Tokina FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF is a followup to the MF version released in 2016, which adds (you guessed it) autofocus capabilities. Optically, the two lenses are identical.. Feb 22, 2018 79 lens news. New Sony release cable enables dual-shooting with the RX0. The VMC-MM2 release cable allows owners of Sony's ultra-compact RX0 to sync the sort-of action camera with a Sony alpha (or Cyber-shot) camera and capture photos and video simultaneously.. Sony announces new flagship guide number 60 HVL-F60RM wireless flash. Sony just released a new wireless flagship flash for E-mount with guide number 60. The HVL-F60RM offers "high-power flash output, reliable continuous performance and advanced control features with integrated radio control options.". Leaked: Tokina to announce Opera 50mm F1.4 FF and FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF lenses. The Opera 50mm F1.4 FF is a full-frame lens for Nikon and Canon mounts, while the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF for Sony E-Mount replaces the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE MF announced in September of 2016.. Feb 22, 2018 103 lens news. What it's like to photograph the Olympics. Two veteran sports photographers share stories and tips from photographing the Olympics, as well as other high-profile sporting events throughout history.. Feb 22, 2018 Feature Shoot 1. Panasonic GX9 added to 'Best Cameras under $1000' buying guide. We've added the Panasonic GX9 to this buying guide to to place its specifications and features in context, alongside its competition. When our full review is complete the camera will be considered for an award.. Tamron announces 70-210mm F4 Di VC USD for full-frame DSLRs. Tamron has announced a full-frame 70-210mm F4 tele-zoom, boasting moisture-resistance, a minimum focus distance of 0.95m/37.4in and up to 5 stops of stabilization – all for $800.. Feb 22, 2018 101 lens news. Tamron is working on a 28-75mm F2.8 lens for full-frame Sony mirrorless cameras. Details are thin at this point, but the 28-75mm F2.8 Di III RXD will offer "superb optical performance" and a moisture-resistant construction.. Feb 22, 2018 223 lens news. Pentax K-1 Mark II: What you need to know. The Pentax K-1 Mark II promises less noise than its predecessor and offers a cool new Pixel Shift mode that lets you leave your tripod behind. Find out what's changed - and what hasn't.. Pentax K-1 Mark II shoots up to ISO 819,200, offers updated Pixel Shift. Ricoh has announced an updated version of its K-1 full-frame DSLR. The Pentax K-1 Mark II gains an additional 'accelerator' processor that enables improved image processing as well as a handheld version of its Pixel Shift Resolution mode.. Feb 21, 2018 272 camera news. Ricoh will let Pentax K-1 owners update their cameras to a Mark II for $550/£450/€500. For a limited time this summer, current K-1 owners will be able to send their cameras in for a circuit board replacement, essentially upgrading to a Mark II. They'll even get a Mark II logo swapped in on the front of the camera.. Feb 21, 2018 151 camera news. Panasonic unveils 'industry-first' 8K organic image sensor with global shutter. Panasonic has continued to develop its organic/CMOS image sensor tech, and the latest breakthrough is big: an image sensor that can shoot 8K at 60p, boasts incredible dynamic range, and has global shutter capability.. Here come the copyright bots, with lawyers in tow. Services like Copypants and Pixsy help anybody find copyright infringers, send take-down requests, and quickly demand licensing fees and damages. But do these automated systems also open the door to prolific copyright trolls?. Feb 21, 2018 Fast Company 25. The Chroma is a lightweight, affordable, easy-to-use 5x4 field camera. The new 5x4-inch field camera was designed by UK photographer and custom camera maker Steve Lloyd, and it promises to be lightweight, easy-to-use, unique, affordable and upgradable... as well as a bit funky.. Feb 21, 2018 200 camera news. Associated Press photographer's video shows 'travel photographers' staging photos. Ahad captured this video that shows how tourist 'travel photographers' will stage scenes in an attempt to capture award-winning images.. Really Right Stuff is moving from California to Utah to escape rising costs. Camera accessory manufacturer Really Right Stuff is relocating. The company is moving its headquarters from California to Utah, citing rising costs and promising 'expansion on every level' as a result of this move.. Tips or suggestions? Contact us!. All content, design, and layout are Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Digital Photography Review All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited.. 
(Redirected from Moto X Force ). Moto X Force ( Droid Turbo 2 ). XT1585; X Force XT1580; Moto X Force Dual Sim XT1581. 4G LTE (Cat 4), CDMA/EVDO Rev A, UMTS/HSPA+, GSM/EDGE. 27, 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-10-30 ) Verizon Wireless. MicroSD (HC, XC), up to 128 GB [1] [2]. 3760 mAH lithium ion (48hr battery life and 14-15 days if not in use). Touchscreen, accelerometer, ambient light, gyroscope, hall effect, Infrared, magnetometer, proximity. f/2.0 aperture, Phase Detect Auto-Focus (PDAF), closed loop processing, Color Correlated Temperature (CCT) flash with dual LEDs, quick capture, tap (anywhere) to capture, 4× digital zoom, burst mode, night mode, auto HDR, panorama, drag to focus & exposure, video stabilization, 1080p HD video (30fps), 4K video (30fps), slow motion video, video HDR (1080p and 4K). 5 MP, f/2.0 aperture, wide-angle lens, 1.4μm pixel for better low light, light mode, flash. NFC, Bluetooth 4.1, Quad Band GSM, CDMA. Nano-SIM format, Supports PMA and Qi wireless charging, Micro USB, 3.5 mm headset jack. Height: 149.8 mm (5.90 in.) width: 78 mm (3.07 in.). The Moto X Force is a high end Android smartphone made by Motorola. Inside the United States, it is branded as the Droid Turbo 2 , available exclusively in the United States for the Verizon Droid brand. It was released on October 27, 2015. [3] The phone is marketed as having "the world's first shatterproof screen." [4]. The Moto X Force features a 2. GHz octa-core Snapdragon 810 processor, 3 gibibytes of RAM, 32 or 64 gigabytes of internal storage which can be expanded up to 2 terabytes with a MicroSD card. It has a 5.4-inch AMOLED display, a 3,760 mAh battery as well as support for Motorola's TurboPower and Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0, as well as PMA and Qi wireless charging standards, and a 21-megapixel main camera flanked by a 5 MP front camera with a flash. This was the first Droid phone to be customizable through Motorola's Motomaker service, which allows customers to select various materials such as soft touch plastic, Ballistic Nylon from the original Droid Turbo, pebbled Horween leather and Saffiano leather, as well as aluminum frame, screen bezel and accent colors. The service also allows users to add a custom greeting which shows up during the Moto X Force's initial startup screen, and customers who choose the pebbled leather backs can also get a custom engraving. The 64 GiB version comes with a free "Design Refresh" which allows owners to trade in their phone for a newly designed one within a year of the original purchase date. [7] This is also the first Droid device since the Motorola Droid X2 that does not feature a DuPont Kevlar backing, a Motorola Droid trademark that started with the original Droid Razr .. This is the first Motorola smartphone that features Motorola's "ShatterShield" technology, which consists of two touchscreen elements, reinforced by an internal aluminum frame to make it resistant to bending and cracking, although this does not protect against scratches or other superficial screen damage. The top layer of the display is designed to be user-replaceable. The screen and case also have a water repellent nanocoating to protect the device from liquids that could damage internal components. There are three main models of the Droid Turbo 2 or Moto X Force. ^ "Lenovo Forums - Senior MotoAgent". ^ "Motorola - Memory Card Compatibility Chart". "The Droid Turbo 2 Dares You to Smash Its Screen". Retrieved 29 October 2015. ^ Graziano, Dan (27 October 2015). "Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Release Date, Price and Specs". ^ "The Droid Turbo 2 is the Moto X Force for the USA". ^ a b Gibbs, Samuel (21 Dec 2005). "Motorola Moto X Force review: great phone with a screen you simply can't break". ^ "Droid Turbo 2". Archived from the original on 15 January 2016. Retrieved 14 January 2016. "The Moto X Force puts all other smartphones to shame, and this is why". Motorola phones and smartphones by series. ROKR (E, EM, W, Z, ZN). Talkabout (T180, T190, T191). Categories : Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Smartphones Motorola mobile phones Android (operating system) devices. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 12 February 2018, at 06:56. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 4.5 out of 5 stars. Ali Pardiwala , 15 February 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Smartphone screens are brittle, expensive, and downright depressing when broken. We've heard countless stories of how the smallest drop has shattered a screen, followed by the heartbreak of having to shell out a lot of money for repairs and then having to live with a 'fixed' smartphone. According to Motorola's own statistics, 51 percent of smartphone users have shattered or cracked their display at some point. (Tap to see full-sized image) (Tap to see full-sized images) Moto X Force in pictures. Manufacturers have tried to do their part to make such damage less upsetting for customers, such as Samsung's offer of a one-time screen replacement during the first year of purchase. Additionally, Apple may soon accept phones with broken screens as part of its trade-in program. While these may be some consolation to victims of a broken screen, why not dream of better?. 49,999 Moto X Force comes in. The phone comes with what the company calls a 'ShatterShield' display, and Motorola assures buyers that the screen of the phone is 'shatterproof'. It's designed to take a pounding, including being dropped onto solid surfaces from heights and at angles that would result in gaping cracks through a typical smartphone's screen, and shivers down the spines of the owners of said smartphones. Motorola further backs up the guarantee with a four-year warranty on the display, which covers accidental damage. And above all, this is a flagship smartphone with all the bells and whistles you'd expect to see. We review the 'unbreakable' Motorola Moto X Force.. ( Also see: The Moto X Force Shouldn't Exist in 2016 ). Look and feel Motorola's current lineup of smartphones tends to stick to a formulaic look, and the Moto X Force follows this trend. The Moto X name now has four current-generation models: the Moto X (2nd Gen) , Moto X Play , Moto X Style and Moto X Force. All of them have similar aesthetics and styling. However, the Moto X Force, being the flagship, has a bit more going on than the rest.. The key differences are visible at the back, with the 'ballistic nylon' rear panel that we first saw on last year's Moto Turbo ( Review | Pictures ). One key advantage of this is that the phone's back panel is effectively scratch-proof, and it also looks rather good. Near the top are the camera, flash, and the Motorola logo. It's a beautiful look that goes well with the rest of the device.. Although the edges feel a bit sharp, the Moto X Force is still easy to hold, thanks to the natural grip that the nylon back offers. However, thanks to the large screen and heavy frame, the device feels unwieldy and is hard to use with one hand.. The frame is entirely metal, and feels rather solid and sturdy. On the right are the power and volume keys, the bottom has the Micro-USB port and some regulatory text, while the top has the Nano-SIM and microSD tray, and 3.5mm socket. The front has two speaker grilles at the bottom, along with the flash, earpiece, and front camera at the top. There are no capacitive soft keys, with the phone relying on on-screen keys instead, similar to the current Nexus range of smartphones. There is also no fingerprint sensor, which may be a put-off for many users, considering the price of the Moto X Force.. The display of the phone is a 5.4-inch, 1440x2560-pixel Amoled screen, with a 540ppi density and 69.8 percent screen-to-body ratio at the front. It has a slightly warm tone to it, but is brilliant when it comes to colours and brightness. Black levels are truly fantastic, and the phone tends to bring out the best in high-resolution videos. As expected, it's also incredibly sharp, and it's hard to detect individual pixels even when looking at it up close. At this price though, we'd expect no less.. We now come to the key feature of the Moto X Force, the 'shatterproof' display. The display is made with a rigid aluminium core, flexible Amoled screen, and dual touch panel layers (which is a redundancy in case one goes bad). Along with the solid metal frame, this gives the phone the protection it needs to prevent the screen from shattering when dropped or put under pressure. We tested the durability of the screen thoroughly, and despite multiple drops at different angles and from different heights, it indeed did not shatter. The Moto X Force is also water-resistant and can handle getting a bit wet. We're happy to say that Motorola has put its money where its mouth is with this one.. However, let's be completely clear that while the screen indeed seems 'unbreakable', the rest of the phone is not built for excessive abuse. The frame scuffs easily, and too many drops may even dislodge the nylon panel at the rear. We also started hearing some minor distortion from the speaker that we hadn't heard earlier. Although the majority of the components inside the phone are solid-state and can take some abuse, that doesn't mean that the phone in its entirety is indestructible, and reasonable care is still advised. Having said that, it's still one of the more durable, hardy, and solid phones we've ever used.. Specifications and software When a smartphone costs nearly Rs. 50,000, there are some obvious expectations from the specifications sheet which the Moto X Force does live up to, with top-end innards. Powering the smartphone is the Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 SoC, which is currently Qualcomm's flagship smartphone SoC. There's also 3GB of RAM and either 32GB or 64GB of internal storage. Keep in mind that the 64GB option costs a bit more at Rs. 53,999, and that you can add expandable storage up to a theoretical 2TB, although the current highest capacity for microSD cards is 200GB.. The single-SIM smartphone also supports 4G connectivity, with support for the FDD-LTE and TDD-LTE bands currently used by operators in India. The phone has a non-removable 3760mAh battery, and comes with a massive 25W charger. Along with Qualcomm's Fast Charge technology, this ensures that the phone can go from zero to 100 percent in less than an hour, which is incredibly useful. The only issue we had with the charger is that it doesn't have a detachable USB cable, so you'll need a separate cable to connect the Moto X Force to a PC. The phone also supports wireless charging, but you'll need to buy a separate accessory for this. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1 and NFC. The phone is truly fully loaded and fairly future-proof.. The Moto X Force runs Android 5.1.1 out of the box, with Motorola's slightly tweaked version of stock Android on top. This is a major disappointment, as users would expect a company like Motorola to launch its newest flagship phone with the latest version of Android. Although we can expect software updates, there's no official word on when just yet. The user interface is pretty much identical to stock Lollipop, although updating the default Google Now Launcher brings a few Marshmallow-esque changes to the interface.. Update, February 21: Our Moto X Force review unit has received the over-the-air update to Android 6.0, and is now running the latest version of the operating system. Changes include Doze Mode, app standby, links and permissions, the abiltiy to use expandable storage as internal memory, Now on Tap, Do Not Disturb Mode and more.. Just like on the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P , the software and interface is bare bones and free of too many frills. This helps in performance and the Moto X Force is an absolute flier and a pleasure to use. The only real differences compared to stock Android are Motorola's small additions to the software, including the Connect app which lets you use the phone with Motorola accessories and connected devices, dedicated apps for gallery and messaging, and the excellent Moto app which controls the Moto Voice, Moto Display, and Moto Actions tools.. Once set up, you can configure the phone to react to a customised voice command, which will bring up the voice assistant. This can be used to tell the phone to do anything, from carrying out Google searches to placing calls, sending messages and opening particular apps. Voice recognition is fantastic, and the app works excellently. Additionally, you can give voice commands even from standby mode, and this makes the phone incredibly easy to use without using your hands.. You can also set up Assist, which uses the phone's sensors to understand when you're sleeping or driving, and optimise you phone during those activities. It can additionally be set to recognise certain actions to trigger the flashlight or camera, or to activate Moto Display when you reach for the phone. Moto Display itself is excellent, making use of the Amoled screen to only partially activate and show you your notifications without having to unlock the phone. All of these actions work perfectly to trigger their functions, and this makes the Moto X Force unbelievably intuitive and easy to use.. Camera The Moto X Force has a 21-megapixel primary camera with dual-tone LED flash and variable focus, and 5-megapixel front camera with single-tone LED flash and fixed focus. The rear camera can record up to 4K-resolution video at 30fps, while the front camera records up to full-HD resolution video. The rear camera is also capable of recording slow-motion video at 720p.. The camera app is a bit tricky to use, because of what we feel is an over-simplification of its functions. There is no dedicated capture button; instead, you simply tap anywhere on screen or press one of the volume keys to capture photos. Buttons in the bottom corners allow you to switch between the front and rear camera, and shoot video. There are no other controls on screen, but you can bring up some controls by swiping from left to right. This menu allows you to control HDR, flash, focus and exposure, picture ratio and video resolution, among other things. Swiping from right to left brings up the gallery, while swiping up and down control the zoom. We often accidentally triggered the shutter when we were trying to swipe or attempting to control focus and exposure, and a lack of optical image stabilisation meant that we had to compose our shots very carefully and often shoot in burst mode to get good results.. The camera itself is great, provided you've taken the trouble to compose the shot properly and kept your hand stable. Even a bit of movement has a tendency to ruin pictures, so careful shooting is advised. Once you get it right, the Moto X Force will produce some excellent images that are sharp, detailed and bright, with vibrant colours. The front camera also takes good pictures, and the presence of a flash makes it possible to get great selfies even in dark spaces.. Videos are excellent no matter what mode you shoot in, and 4K and slow-motion video are both naturally entertaining to watch. Low-light pictures are decent as well, and close-ups are among the best we've seen. The camera is pretty much on par with that of the Nexus 6P, and is only brought down by the trickiness of the software and the need for a steady hand.. Performance Considering that the Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 SoC is one of the best in the world, performance on the Moto X Force is fantastic. As previously stated, the bare bones interface and performance-tuned software play a large part in this, as does the 3GB of RAM. Whether it's loading web pages, playing games or running heavily encoded videos, the Moto X Force performs flawlessly. Resource-heavy apps such as the camera, popular social media platforms, Whatsapp and Netflix work perfectly well. Overall, we felt that the Moto X Force didn't quite perform as well as the Nexus 6P , but it certainly came close.. Benchmark scores are incredibly high as well, with the Moto X Force registering scores of 81,822 and 36,667 in AnTuTu and Quadrant respectively. These scores are considerably higher than those of the Nexus 6P and Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge ( Review | Pictures ), and are slightly higher than the similarly-specced LeEco Le Max ( Review | Pictures ) managed too. GFX Bench and 3DMark Ice Storm Unlimited also returned high scores of 40fps and 24,698 respectively.. The Moto X Force has a strong antenna, and is capable of holding onto both Wi-Fi and 4G networks with ease, where other phones struggled. Call quality was superb as well, as was audio performance through both headphones and the internal speakers. However, the stereo effect was slightly lacking, as the speakers are next to each other. Battery life is excellent as well, with the phone running for 14 hours, 42 minutes in our video loop test. Even in day to day use, the battery would easily last through the day despite heavy use which included 4G connectivity.. Verdict The Moto X Force is undeniably a force to reckon with among smartphones. This is a powerhouse of a smartphone with good looks, a superb screen, great performance and an excellent camera. Above all, it has a killer feature that's currently exclusive to it: the Moto X Force's display is truly shatterproof, and as a result, the phone can take a pounding like no other. If you have a habit of dropping your phone often or have had to deal with expensive mobile phone repair bills in the past, you should seriously consider the Moto X Force.. Unfortunately, these features come at a considerable price. Despite the obvious advantages of shatter-proof construction and the high-end specifications and performance, Rs. 50,000 is far too much money to pay for an Android smartphone. Additionally, the lack of dual-SIM connectivity and a fingerprint sensor may be a put-off to many, so the Moto X Force isn't quite as perfect as it seems. However, it's still one of the most innovative and interesting smartphones we've used, and one that fully lives up to its claims.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Shatterproof screen Excellent design and build Good camera Great screen Superb software and performance Great battery life Bad Runs Android 5.1 out of the box Single-SIM capability No fingerprint sensor Expensive. Read detailed Motorola Moto X Force review. Moto X Force Gets a Massive Discount on Flipkart, Available for as Low as Rs. Moto X Force Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Moto X Force Gets Limited Period Discount of Up to Rs. Moto X Force Now Available Offline via Retail Stores in India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Further reading: 21MP Camera , 32GB , 64GB , Android , Google Now Launcher , Lollipop , Metal , Motorola , Moto X Force , Moto X Force Build , Moto X Force Camera , Moto X Force Design , Moto X Force Display , Moto X Force Features , Moto X Force Performance , Moto X Force Price , Moto X Force Price in India , Moto X Force Review , Moto X Force Screen , Moto X Force Specifications , Shatterproof , Shattershield , Unbreakable. Cyber-Security Remains a 'Pain Point' for Most Organisations: Survey. Alphabet's X Lab Chief Sees Internet Reaching Billions. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Motorola Moto X Force Smartphone Review. Manuel Masiero ( translated by Liala Stieglitz), 03/23/2016. According to Motorola, the Moto X is the very first smartphone in the world to have an unbreakable screen. However, our test shows that the 5.4-inch handset not only comes with a decent amount of resistance, but it also convinces with plenty of other first-rate configuration features.. Â» Multimedia , Â» Gaming , Â» Lightweight Gaming Â» Budget Office , Â» Business , Â» Workstations Â» Subnotebooks , Â» Ultrabooks , Â» Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , Â». Best Notebooks for University Students Â». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series Â». Â» Tablets , Â» Windows Tablets Â» Smartphones. For the original German review, see here .. It is hard to imagine life without a smartphone and it is almost a catastrophe when the loyal companion falls down in an unwary moment and shatters irreparably. A whole industry thrives from selling screen protectors, leather cases and security glass for preventing just that or to at least enable the handset to survive an accident. The robust, premium Motorola Moto X Force smartphone doesn't need any safety nets. It is the world's first device to feature ShatterShield, which is to most definitely prevent the screen from shattering or cracking according to the manufacturer. The Moto X Force even tolerates moments of wetness without damage thanks to its water-repelling nano finish.. Despite its toughness, the 5.4-inch Moto is not an unhandy, ruggedized brick. It is a 169 gram lightweight with a classy aluminum casing and decent configuration. The smartphone delivers high-performance with 3 GB of working memory, Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 octa-core processor and Adreno 430 graphics unit as appropriate for its class. A screen with a resolution of 2560x1440 pixels, an enduring and quickly recharged battery, extensive communication equipment and a 21-megapixel primary camera that shoots outstanding pictures in daylight are also part of this bundle.. Since the Moto X Force plays in the smartphone premium league, it has to compete with equally strong rivals. We used the following smartphones, all with a similar configuration and size, for comparing the Motorola: Apple iPhone 6s , LG G4 , Microsoft Lumia 950 , Samsung Galaxy S7 and Sony Xperia Z5 .. Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 Qualcomm Adreno 430. Test device courtesy of Lenovo Deutschland. (download rating image as PNG or SVG ). Moto X Force ( Moto Series ). 5.4 inch 16:9, 2560 x 1440 pixel, capacitive touchscreen, 540 ppi, AMOLED, 1440p quad-HD, ShatterShield, glossy: yes. 1 USB 2.0, Audio Connections: 3.5 mm headset jack, Card Reader: micro-SD card max. 2 TB, NFC, Brightness Sensor, Sensors: accelerometer, gyroscope, Hall sensor, magnetometer, proximity sensor, supports wireless Qi charging and charging pad, infrared, OTG, Miracast, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (a/b/g/n/ac), Bluetooth 4.1 LE, GSM (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), UMTS (850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 MHz), LTE (frequency bands B1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 25, 28, 40), nano-SIM, head SAR 0.549 W/kg, body-worn SAR 0.781 W/kg, Dual SIM, LTE, GPS. height x width x depth (in mm): 9.2 x 149.8 x 78 ( = 0.36 x 5.9 x 3.07 in). 3760 mAh Lithium-Ion, Battery runtime (according to manufacturer): 48 h. resolution: 5344x4008 pixels, dual-LED flash, 1080p HD videos (30 FPS), 4K videos (30 FPS), HDR videos (1080p and 4K) Secondary Camera: 5 MPix max. resolution: 2592x1944 pixels, wide angle lens, flash. Speakers: stereo speakers, Keyboard: virtual, Keyboard Light: yes, power supply, quick start guide, 24 Months Warranty, ruggedized. 169 g ( = 5.96 oz / 0.37 pounds), Power Supply: 30 g ( = 1.06 oz / 0.07 pounds). Motorola manages to install a virtually "unbreakable" screen in its smartphone with a self-developed ShatterShield system. It is based on five panel layers. An aluminum bezel creates the first or the lower-most layer. The second layer is an AMOLED screen that is to lessen shocks with its flexible build. Then a double-layer of touchscreens follows - when one malfunctions, the second takes over. The outer-most and fifth layer is a foil made of an especially hard plastic, which is to prevent dents and signs of use. In case it does scratch or display other minor bruises, it can be removed and replaced with a new screen protector. However, its price of 30 Euros (~$33) in the manufacturer's online shop is not exactly cheap.. Despite its special build, the screen does not feel different than those of other standard smartphones. The screen is embedded seamlessly into the elegant and stiff aluminum chassis. Its handling is just as smooth as the physical power and volume controls on the handset. In conjunction with the slip-proof back (more about that below), it results in a very high-quality total impression. The only compromises involving the ShatterShield are its slightly higher weight than those of the comparison devices, and its thicker display bezel makes it a few millimeters wider.. Buyers can select between white/silver and black/gray color combinations for the Moto X Force's front and bezel. The casing's rounded back, which gives the smartphone a height of 9.2 millimeters in the tallest spot, is black "Ballistic Nylon" by standard. It is weaved nylon textile that provides the fingers with good grip. However, its rough surface texture will unlikely appeal to everyone and is also difficult to clean. The Moto X Force is also available with a "Soft Grip" back like the Moto X Play , and for 20 Euros (~$22) more it comes with grained leather. The back cannot be removed and consequently the battery cannot be replaced.. Two nano-SIM cards can be inserted in Motorola's smartphone simultaneously. However, since the second slot is a hybrid slot also for a micro-SD card, the user has to decide whether two nano-SIMs are to be used or a combination of one nano-SIM and one micro-SD.. Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 high-end SoC powers the Moto X Force. Alongside the integrated Qualcomm Adreno 430 graphics unit and generous 3 GB of RAM, the fast octa-core processor smoothly renders all up-to-date Android applications and games. Approximately 23 GB of the 32 GB storage was available on our review sample ex-factory or after reset. Users who need more storage can take the 64 GB model of the Moto X Force. A reasonable 45 Euros (~$50) extra is charged for it in Motorola's online shop. The internal storage can also be expanded by up to 2 TB via the micro-SD slot, which is the technical limit for the SDXC standard. However, micro-SDXC cards with a capacity of over 128 GB are still very rare. 200 GB cards are sold sporadically.. Micro-SD cards can be integrated either as external storage or via Fusion storage so that the internal and external storage look like one big partition. Photos, data and selected apps can be moved between the internal storage and SD card as pleased.. Upper edge: 3.5 mm jack, nano-SIM/micro-SD card slot. Android version 5.1 runs on the Moto X Force, but it can be updated to version 6.0 right away. The update warranty will also be continued by Lenovo since the brand Motorola will soon cease to exist. The manufacturer has barely modified the latest Android 6.0 compared with the original. Therefore, the offer of apps is largely limited to Google's standard apps like YouTube, Gmail, Chrome and Maps. Motorola supplements the software diversity by its smartphone manager "Connect" and the app "Moto" that turns the smartphone into a personal assistant via gesture and voice detection.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. The Moto X Force supports GSM and UMTS pentaband and covers a total of 13 LTE channels. In terms of communication, the smartphone offers a very wide range and should also always find a way to connect to local mobile networks even abroad. The smartphone can automatically select the faster network when two SIM cards are inserted into the handset.. With Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1+LE and NFC, the Moto X Force is perfectly equipped for short-range data transfer. The reception was impeccable in both the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands in the network, and always as fast as expected or as fast as the counterpart allowed. A signal was even received through three walls, although the strength dropped by up to 50% then. That also happened when moving more than 10 meters away from the router. Neither affected Internet browsing especially since there were no connection losses or other interruptions in the test.. The GPS reception is without reproach. It allows a very accurate localization indoors. The Moto X Force was even a bit better outdoors. The smartphone also improves that a bit more outdoors. The smartphone also maintained its high accuracy when we took it on our almost 14-kilometer test route along with our Garmin Edge 500 reference navigation device. The Moto X Force kept up well with the GPS navigation system and only deviated insignificantly in total. The difference between the two adds up to just 30 meters - it cannot get much better than that.. The Moto X Force delivers a good call quality in both landlines and mobile networks. Our contact always understood us well thanks to the enabled noise suppression. The callers sometimes found voices sounded a bit stifled on both sides - other smartphones from the same performance league, such as Apple's iPhone 6s , do a better job. The phone app offers solid Android standards: A search box for names and numbers is present, and swiping left twice quickly opens the contact list.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. The 21-megapixel primary camera is one of the biggest strengths of the Moto X Force. The photos with a resolution of up to 5344x4008 pixels convince with very good color reproduction, have an exceptional richness in detail and they can easily compete with the very good camera lenses of an Apple iPhone 6s Plus or Samsung Galaxy S7 in good light. A light haziness covers the photos in less favorably illuminated scenes, which is only noticed negatively on some blowups. The lens with an aperture of f/2.0 is supported by a dual-LED flash with color correlated temperature. It can shoot panorama or HDR photos and adds GPS data when desired. Videos can be recorded in time lapse (720p) or at 30 FPS plus HDR in 1080p and 4K resolution of 3840x2160 pixels. The camera app does not offers manual settings for either the 21-megapixel primary camera or for the 5-megapixel webcam that also produces very appealing photos.. Scene 1 Scene 2 Scene 3. Choose a scene and navigate within the first image. One click changes the position on touchscreens. One click on the zoomed-in image opens the original in a new window. The first image shows the scaled photograph of the test device.. We compare a photo of X-Rite ColorChecker Passport taken in predefined light conditions with the factual reference color to check the color accuracy of Moto X Force's primary camera. The photo is not edited afterward. The direct comparison shows that the aberrations in color saturation are almost throughout kept within very tight limits. The Moto X Force tends to desaturate colors a bit only in the grayscale levels in total.. We photograph our test chart in controlled artificial light to evaluate the image sharpness. Especially the enlarged section of the photo's center shows that the Moto X Force reproduces all image areas clearly and can again indomitably compete with premium devices, such as Apple's iPhone 6s .. Color reproduction: Primary camera (above: camera's color, below: sRGB reference). The Moto X Force's box contains a power supply with micro-USB connector, a quick-start guide and a small tool for opening the nano-SIM/micro-SD slot. Neither a headset nor other accessories are included despite the high price of approximately 700 Euros (~$782). Both can only be purchased separately in the online shop. In addition to wireless in-ear headsets (80 Euros, ~$89), a power bank (50 Euros, ~$55) and replacement screen protectors (30 Euros, ~$33) are found here.. Motorola includes a 4-year warranty on the ShatterShield and 2 years on the smartphone's other parts, which naturally excludes intentional damage or normal signs of use. However, how does the time-limited warranty on the screen fit to the allegation that it definitely will not break? To say it with Motorola's words: The smartphone is "not shatterproof nor has it been built to withstand all damage from dropping." The standards are set very high. The screen proved to be as tough as promised in the test. Drops from a table or on a hard ground did not affect the Moto X Force. The user should not overdo it with that, though. The smartphone might bruise when treated roughly.. Powered by an octa-core SoC, the Moto X Force responds extremely fast to inputs no matter if they are entered via the accurate touchscreen or the physical keys. Delays when swapping between menus, opening apps or other lags that would thwart smooth use were not observed in the test. The same is true for the virtual keyboard, which reserves half the screen in landscape and portrait mode, providing pleasantly sized keys. Content is not covered unnecessarily thanks to this half-height design, and the user always keeps the overview.. Buyers looking for a smartphone with a great screen will find it in the Moto X Force. Motorola's handset reproduces the QHD resolution of 2560x1440 pixels on its 5.4-inch AMOLED panel. That equals an extremely high pixel density of 540 PPI, which makes it virtually impossible to see single pixels on the screen. Among the comparison devices, only Microsoft's Lumia 950 (564 PPI) and Samsung's Galaxy S7 (577 PPI) have an AMOLED alongside WQHD resolution, which even achieve a slightly higher pixel density than the Motorola.. With an average brightness of 335.6 cd/mÂ², the Moto X Force seemingly lags behind a bit in the category comparison. However, its illumination of 91% is very homogeneous. When distributing bright and dark areas evenly (APL 50), the maximum brightness in the screen's center climbs from 337 to 381 cd/mÂ². The maximum brightness even increases to 481 cd/mÂ² when enabling the brightness sensor, which is quite close to premium smartphones like Apple's iPhone 6s (552 cd/mÂ²).. The AMOLED panel produces a very deep black via inactive pixels. That in conjunction with the mathematically infinite contrast ratio leads to an impressive, very vivid color reproduction.. 323 cd/m² 333 cd/m² 350 cd/m² 320 cd/m² 337 cd/m² 349 cd/m² 320 cd/m² 336 cd/m² 352 cd/m². 91 % Center on Battery: 337. cd/m²) ΔE Color 3.99 | 0.8-23.34 Ø6.4 ΔE Greyscale 1.66 | 0.64-98 Ø6.7 Gamma: 2.32. Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash Apple iPhone 6S A9 / PowerVR GT7600, A9, Apple AP0064K (iPhone NVMe) LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash Microsoft Lumia 950 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash Screen Brightness middle Brightness Brightness Distribution Black Level * Colorchecker DeltaE2000 * Greyscale DeltaE2000 * Gamma CCT Contrast Color Space (Percent of AdobeRGB 1998) Color Space (Percent of sRGB). This subjective impression is confirmed when examining the AMOLED panel with the X-Rite i1Pro 2 X-spectrophotometer and CalMAN software. The Moto X Force displays the grayscale levels very well at a maximum DeltaE of 1.66. The gamma rate and color temperature are almost ideal. The DeltaE of 3.99 in mixed colors is a bit too high, but ultimately only the measurement tool notices that. This shift is invisible to the naked eye.. The screen's average brightness of 335.6 cd/mÂ² allows using the Moto X Force outdoors without restrictions. Independent of the location, the AMOLED panel impresses with its high viewing-angle stability. The screen remains impeccably legible even from extreme lateral views.. Screen Flickering / PWM (Pulse-Width Modulation) Screen flickering / PWM detected 240.4 Hz. To dim the screen, some notebooks will simply cycle the backlight on and off in rapid succession - a method called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM). This cycling frequency should ideally be undetectable to the human eye. If said frequency is too low, users with sensitive eyes may experience strain or headaches or even notice the flickering altogether.. The display backlight flickers at 240.4. Hz is relatively low, so sensitive users will likely notice flickering and experience eyestrain at the stated brightness setting and below.. % of all tested devices do not use PWM to dim the display. If PWM was detected, an average of 9024 (minimum: 43 - maximum: 142900) Hz was measured.. High performance is a matter of course in a smartphone with flagship characteristics like the Moto X Force. The Moto X Force does not disappoint here. It provides high-end performance with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 high-end SoC, the fast Qualcomm Adreno 430 graphics chip, and the generous 3 GB of RAM. There is only one problem: The octa-core processor automatically throttles as soon as the casing's temperature exceeds a certain limit. The very good 89,911 points in AnTuTu 6 then quickly drops to 69,451 points when repeating the benchmark. We therefore took a longer break between every single test so that the smartphone could cool down again. Thus, these benchmarks represent the "best case" scenario - it cannot get better, only worse when the Snapdragon 810 SoC gets too warm. The octa-core processor is still extremely fast even in a throttled state despite this shortcoming.. The Moto X Force finishes the synthetic benchmarks faster than LG's G4 and Microsoft's Lumia 950 that are furnished with the somewhat weaker Snapdragon 808 SoC. It is tight between Motorola's smartphone and Sony's Xperia Z5 - sometimes the one handset is faster and then the other. However, the difference is not big. The Moto X Force does not stand a chance against Apple's iPhone 6s , not to mention Samsung's Galaxy S7. The Motorola only outruns all comparison devices in the PCMark for Android Work test scenario.. 3DMark - 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. Geekbench 3 32 Bit Multi-Core Score (sort by value) LG G4. 32 Bit Single-Core Score (sort by value) LG G4. GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 1920x1080 T-Rex HD Offscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. T-Rex HD Onscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. GFXBench 3.0 off screen Manhattan Offscreen OGL (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. on screen Manhattan Onscreen OGL (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. AnTuTu v6 - Total Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. BaseMark OS II Web (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. Graphics (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. Memory (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. System (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. Overall (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. PCMark for Android - Work performance score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force. 3DMark | Geekbench 3 | GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 | GFXBench 3.0 | AnTuTu v6 | BaseMark OS II | PCMark for Android. 28419 Points ∼14% +10%. 18821 Points ∼9% -27%. 24980 Points ∼13% -3%. 29015 Points ∼15% +13%. 79.6 fps ∼6% +37%. 33.7 fps ∼2% -42%. 21.82 fps ∼2% -62%. 49 fps ∼4% -16%. 84 fps ∼6% +45%. 59.1 fps ∼13% +41%. 24.9 fps ∼5% -41%. 13.73 fps ∼3% -67%. 49 fps ∼11% +17%. 53 fps ∼12% +26%. 39.5 fps ∼7% +46%. 15 fps ∼3% -44%. 12.3 fps ∼2% -54%. 24 fps ∼4% -11%. 40 fps ∼7% +48%. 56 fps ∼15% +229%. 9.5 fps ∼3% -44%. 6.76 fps ∼2% -60%. 26 fps ∼7% +53%. 27 fps ∼7% +59%. 127902 Points ∼56% +42%. 1207 Points ∼71% +29%. 881 Points ∼52% -6%. 655 Points ∼39% -30%. 675 Points ∼40% -28%. 957 Points ∼56% +2%. 4323 Points ∼47% +28%. 1995 Points ∼22% -41%. 1437 Points ∼16% -57%. 3095 Points ∼33% -8%. 1723 Points ∼19% -49%. 1281 Points ∼29% +18%. 1558 Points ∼35% +44%. 1640 Points ∼37% +51%. 865 Points ∼20% -20%. 2244 Points ∼51% +107%. 3466 Points ∼34% +20%. 2368 Points ∼23% -18%. 1096 Points ∼11% -62%. 2360 Points ∼23% -18%. 4217 Points ∼41% +47%. 2194 Points ∼58% +24%. 1596 Points ∼42% -10%. 1140 Points ∼30% -36%. 1437 Points ∼38% -19%. 1987 Points ∼52% +12%. 4579 Points ∼54% -15%. 5184 Points ∼61% -3%. 4826 Points ∼56% -10%. Motorola Moto X Force Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Qualcomm Adreno 430, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Apple iPhone 6S Apple A9, Apple A9 / PowerVR GT7600, Apple AP0064K (iPhone NVMe). LG G4 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Qualcomm Adreno 418, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Qualcomm Adreno 418, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Qualcomm Adreno 430, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, ARM Mali-T880 MP12, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. Almost the same is seen in the browser benchmarks: The Moto X Force passes the finishing line before LG's G4 , Microsoft's Lumia 950 , and this time also Sony's Xperia Z5. Apple's iPhone 6s and Samsung's Galaxy S7 play in their own league.. Octane V2 - Total Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Apple iPhone 6S A9 / PowerVR GT7600, A9, Apple AP0064K (iPhone NVMe). LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Microsoft Lumia 950 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. Mozilla Kraken 1.1 - Total Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Apple iPhone 6S A9 / PowerVR GT7600, A9, Apple AP0064K (iPhone NVMe). LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Microsoft Lumia 950 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. WebXPRT 2015 - Overall Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Apple iPhone 6S A9 / PowerVR GT7600, A9, Apple AP0064K (iPhone NVMe). LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Microsoft Lumia 950 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. JetStream 1.1 - 1.1 Total Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Apple iPhone 6S A9 / PowerVR GT7600, A9, Apple AP0064K (iPhone NVMe). LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Microsoft Lumia 950 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. Octane V2 | Mozilla Kraken 1.1 | WebXPRT 2015 | JetStream 1.1. 16200 Points ∼33% +86%. 7832 (min: 6791) Points ∼16% -10%. 6990 Points ∼14% -20%. 8627 Points ∼17% -1%. 13161 Points ∼27% +51%. 4080.1 ms * ∼7%. 1715 ms * ∼3% +58%. 4770.8 ms * ∼8% -17%. 6913.5 ms * ∼12% -69%. 5693.1 ms * ∼10% -40%. 2561.5 ms * ∼4% +37%. 187 Points ∼23% +82%. 82 Points ∼10% -20%. 64 Points ∼8% -38%. 73 Points ∼9% -29%. 166 Points ∼21% +61%. 118.6 Points ∼0% +140%. 43.118 Points ∼0% -13%. 24.525 Points ∼0% -50%. 37 Points ∼0% -25%. 74 Points ∼0% +50%. The Moto X Force shows its strength in data transfer and places itself in front of LG's G4 and Sony's Xperia Z5 in random read and write with one exception. Motorola's handset presents its biggest weakness in sequential write. With 48 MB/s, it lags far behind the rivals that are two or three times faster. This outcome does not change after multiple runs and reboots. The Samsung Galaxy S7 's tremendous data rate is impressive in all benchmarks.. Using our 32 GB Toshiba Exceria Pro M401 (model: THN-M401S0640E2; read max.: 95 MB/s; write max.: 80 MB/s), we see that the micro-SD performance of the Moto X Force is also only average. The smartphone clearly remains behind the maximum rates with 79 MB/s in sequential read and 47 MB/s in sequential write.. AndroBench 3-5 Random Write 4KB (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. Random Read 4KB (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. Sequential Write 256KB (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. Sequential Read 256KB (sort by value) Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash. 15 MB/s ∼9% -24%. 11.46 MB/s ∼7% -42%. 16.01 MB/s ∼10% -19%. 31.5 MB/s ∼18% +40%. 3.59 MB/s ∼2% -84%. 85.9 MB/s ∼50% +281%. 153 MB/s ∼71% +219%. 115.48 MB/s ∼54% +141%. 145.72 MB/s ∼68% +204%. 251 MB/s ∼31% 0%. 219.84 MB/s ∼27% -13%. 483.82 MB/s ∼60% +92%. The hardware requirements of current Android games are absolutely no challenge for the Moto X Force. All games we installed for testing, such as Asphalt 8: Airborne and Angry Birds 2 , ran in full details and absolutely lag-free. The accurate touchscreen and good gyro sensor also contribute to gaming fun.. The Moto X Force barely heats up in idle mode with a maximum of 31.3 Â°C. The smartphone is also within a good range during load with a peak rate of 40.4 Â°C. A typical problem of the Snapdragon 810 SoC is seen in the stress test using GFXBench: Throttling at too high temperatures. The initially high performance soon caves in and stays at a clearly lower level over the entire test. However, the performance of Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 and the Adreno 430 GPU is still easily enough for gaming and all common applications despite this throttling.. 38.1 °C 37.8 °C 38.1 °C. 38.5 °C 39.3 °C 38.6 °C. 39.8 °C 39.4 °C 38.8 °C. Maximum: 39.8 °C Average: 38.7 °C. 38.3 °C 38.1 °C 37.8 °C 38.6 °C 39.9 °C 36.4 °C 38.4 °C 40.4 °C 38.3 °C. Maximum: 40.4 °C Average: 38.5 °C. 30.8 °C 30.7 °C 30.9 °C. 30.8 °C 30.9 °C 30.9 °C. 31.2 °C 30.8 °C 30.6 °C. Maximum: 31.2 °C Average: 30.8 °C. 30 °C 29.9 °C 30.1 °C 30.8 °C 30.7 °C 30.9 °C 30.4 °C 31.3 °C 30.8 °C. Maximum: 31.3 °C Average: 30.5 °C. The speaker in the Moto X Force is situated on the smartphone's lower edge over the micro-USB port. Although it looks like two speakers are installed, the microphone is under the left opening. That is noticed at latest when a finger covers the right opening and hardly anything or nothing is heard. The mono speaker does not distort at its maximum volume of 89.2 dB. It, however, produces a relatively thin sound with inaudible mids and low tones. The sound measurements also confirm that. The Moto X Force only manages low dB rates in the low tone range (left frequency range in the graph). Thus, these frequencies are completely covered by the much louder high tones. Unfortunately, an equalizer app is just as absent as a headset, which Motorola only offers for a surcharge in its online shop.. The Moto X Force has the best preconditions for a long battery life with its 3760 mAh battery, although its power consumption is slightly above the average in some cases. The smartphone consumes an average of 1.35 watts in idle mode, and it can climb up to 9.4 watts during full load. Only Samsung's Galaxy S7 has a slightly stronger battery among the comparison devices (3600 mAh). LG's G4 and Microsoft's Lumia 950 both have a 3000 mAh battery.. The Moto X Force supports the Qi standard and can be recharged via a corresponding charging station without a cable. Fast Charge is also supported and truly earns its name here. The smartphone's battery is recharged by 25% after only roughly 15 minutes at the outlet. A completely depleted battery was fully recharged in approximately 1 hour and 20 minutes in the test.. Off / Standby 0.11 / 0.37 Watt Idle 0.96 / 1.35 / 1.4 Watt. The Moto X Force is throughout convincing in battery life - it should even be enough for a whole day of intense gaming without need for recharging. Although Apple's iPhone 6s and Sony's Xperia Z5 marginally defeat the smartphone in the real-world Wi-Fi test, its time of 7 hours and 6 minutes is very good. The Moto X Force lasts the longest in the video test with adapted brightness and disabled Wi-Fi module, and it even surpasses the long-running Apple with 11:50 hours.. Idle (without WLAN, min brightness) 26h. NBC WiFi Websurfing Battery Test 1.3 7h. Big Buck Bunny H.264 1080p 11h. Motorola Moto X Force Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash Apple iPhone 6S A9 / PowerVR GT7600, A9, Apple AP0064K (iPhone NVMe) LG G4 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash Microsoft Lumia 950 Adreno 418, 808 MSM8992, 32 GB eMMC Flash Samsung Galaxy S7 Mali-T880 MP12, 8890 Octa, 32 GB UFS 2.0 Flash Sony Xperia Z5 Adreno 430, 810 MSM8994, 32 GB eMMC Flash Battery Runtime Reader / Idle H.264 WiFi v1.3 Load. + very fast SoC. + 4-year warranty on screen. + 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution. + very good 21 MP camera. + long battery life. + short charging times. - One mono speaker only. - hybrid slot involves compromises. - SoC throttles under high temperatures. - headset not included. In review Motorola Moto X Force. Review sample courtesy of Lenovo Germany.. Motorola has hit a home run with its Moto X Force. That can even be taken literally on the one hand because the 5.4-inch Android is furnished with an unbreakable screen. On the other, the Moto X Force should not be reduced to its toughness. The premium-range smartphone brings along a whole range of further advantages. The bright and viewing-angle stable AMOLED screen, which reproduces razor-sharp content thanks to its high resolution of 2560x1440 pixels and the tremendous pixel density of 540 PPI, definitely counts to that. Other highlights are found in the powerful Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 octa-core SoC, the well-equipped communication module that does not leave anything to be desired with Wi-Fi 802.11 ac over LTE, NFC and two SIM slots. More plus points: The elegant metal chassis, the latest Android 6.0, an excellent 21-megapixel camera, long battery runtimes and the Fast Charge feature.. The Moto X Force features an actually long overdue feature: An unbreakable screen that withstands drops on a stone floor without damage.. Although Motorola demands almost 700 Euros (~$782) for its smartphone, a headset is not included and has to be purchased separately. The sound could also be better since only a mono speaker is installed in the Moto X Force. Finally, Motorola also has to accept criticism for the choice of the SoC. The processor throttles as soon as it reaches a certain temperature. However, its performance is easily enough for all current Android applications and games even in a throttled state.. Motorola Moto X Force - 2016-04-21 04/21/2016 v5.1 Manuel Masiero. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Reviews > Motorola Moto X Force Smartphone Review. 
The current price for this product seems OK but products with similar specs at cheaper price are available.. 5.4 Inch Display,1440 x 2560 pixels. Variants of Motorola Moto X Force. Also known as : Motorola Moto X Force 32GB. Price of Motorola Moto X Force in India. Motorola Moto X Force price in India is Rs.26,999. amazon is the best price seller for this Motorola Mobiles from amongst 7 sellers.. Price of Motorola Moto X Force at Amazon. Price of Motorola Moto X Force at Flipkart. Price of Motorola Moto X Force at Snapdeal. Price of Motorola Moto X Force at Infibeam. Price of Motorola Moto X Force at Shopclues. Price of Motorola Moto X Force at Homeshop18. Price of Motorola Moto X Force at Ebay. Motorola Moto X Force Specification and features are mentioned below. The specification are from the 7 seller(s) and other reliable sources. 149.8 x 78 x 9.2 mm. 1.38 W/kg (head) 1.13 W/kg (body). 5.4 inches (Screen to Body Ratio: 68.80%). 1440 x 2560 Pixels, 544 ppi. AMOLED, Shatterproof Display, With 16 M Colors. Rear (F/2.0 Aperture, Phase detect auto focus, Closed loop processing, Colour correlated temparature flash with dual LEDs, Quick capture, Tap anywhere to capture, 4x Digital zoom, Burst mode, Night mode, Auto HDR, Panorama, Drag to focus and exposure, Video Stabilization, 1080p @ 30 fps video, 4K @ 30 fps video), Slow motion video, Video HDR - 1080p and 4K), Front (F/2.0 Aperture, Wide angle lens, 1.4 micron pixel for better low light, Night mode, Flash). 2 GHz , Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 64-Bit Octa Core. ✔ HSDPA, 21 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps. ✔ LTE, Cat6, 50 Mbps UL, 150 Mbps DL. Accelerometer, Ambient Light Sensor, Gyroscope, Hall Effect, Magnetometer, Infrared Sensor, Proximity. Front-ported loud speaker, 5-Mics with active noise cancellation support. Supports PMA and Qi wireless charging, ShatterShield Display, Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0, Motorola Mobile Computing System, Natural Language Processor Contextual Computing Processor, TurboPower charging (Up to 13 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes), Water-repellent (Guarded by advanced nano-coating technology), Wi-Fi MIMO.. 5.1.1 out of the box instead of 6.0. Very late launch just before 2016 flagships. At the time of launch this would still be one of the best and fastest flagship devices that you can get your hands on with an added bonus of it being extremely sturdy also thanks to shatterproof glass along with all day battery life and top notch build quality should make this an ideal choice for anyone who wants an option of a semi rugged flagship device.. The Flahship Motorola Should have launched instead of the style.. Not that Moto X Style was a bad device to beging but the pricing and the specs was something kept it an odd place spend slightly more you get much better LG G4. and Samsung Galaxy S6 , and lower price points you had better spec'ed Yu Yutopia and Oneplus 2 .. It seems that motorola is out to fix all of that with the Force it comes in with 5.4 inch Quad HD Amoled Screen and a much larger 3760mAh battery will ensure all day battery life. The design of the Moto X Force. follows the same design as most of the new Motorola phones including the X Style, But slightly bulkier to make room for the large battery with no real surprises on the design aspect as compared to other Motorola phones this year Including the Moto G 3rd Generation and Moto X play.. The Camera Sensor is the same as Moto X Style which again is a good Camera over all but not one of the best you can get in the market but will meet even most heavy. users requirements without too much trouble.. The Display on Moto X Force is a 5.4 inch Quad HD AMOLED Screen.. Display should be crisp and colour reproduction should be great with deep blacks as always with AMOLED panels, which is a great advantage specically with Motorola phones thanks to thier on screen notification system when device is locked.. Same processor powering the flagships like Nexus 6p,. Furthermore thanks to stock based android with no skin and bloatware. out of the box the phone is speedy and multitasking is should be a. ensures that even the most graphic intensive games play on seamlessly and without any lags.. The battery has gotten a bump to 3760 mAh this year, which gives the Moto X Force a considerable boost compared to Moto X Style which is no slouch in performance.. Over all this seems like a great upgrade to the Moto X style and most importantly a strudy one at that where Motorola is claming the device is shatter proof and will take bumps and falls much better than any other flagship out there in the market right now which is something we have to wait and see.. A device with smaller footprint and much larger battery with Motorola's great take on Android and timely update policy will ensure this is one of the best phones you can get right now but will be able to continue being that good with new flagships for 2016 on the horizon only time will tell.. What is being discussed about mobiles. Guide Mobiles With Gud Performance And Screen Above 5.3. Smart Phone With Good Battery Touch Audio And Speed. Best Camera, Best Battery, Under Rs 30,000. RAM ,GPU And Processor For Gaming. Good Wifi Speed Good Camara And Battery Life. Hi my budget is around 35k... my only requirememts are screeen bigger den 5.3, camera arnd or more den 8, FM is must and plz no perfromance issues till atleast 1.5- 2 yrs.. suggest 2 - 3 phones so dat i can select. as of now i hv just shortlisted LG G3 D855...also tell about this device perfromance too. If you dont want any lag issues with your smartphone for atleast 2 years then obviously you will have to buy a smartphone with stock android and for buying that you will have to compromise over the screen size.. Motorola Moto X 2nd generation is the best device in ths price range and most of the users using this device have not faced any lag issues with this device, even when they are playing the most heavy games regularly every day.. Any other smartphone available by Samsung, HTC, Sony or the option mentioned by you in the question will definitely hang after 1 year.. Because their Android version is too heavy for the hardware to handle it.. but i have asked about 10people dey all said its screen ususally gets break nd being askd 20k.. cmon i wud rather go fr a phone which doesnt keeps on breaking even though it works for 1.25years,, cmon.. plz suggest some oter phone as well. Moto X 2nd gen is a really solid device, it has Corning gorilla Glass 3 coating and it is totally water proof.So, now you can now conclude that it is among the most robust devices available in this price range.. Dont go by the logics given by. If you still dont believe my advise, you can check the videos on youtube about this device, you will get the clear picture about this device.. My budget is 18000 and it should be android .. The best option for you will be Motorola Moto X which has a stock Android and available near to this price mark of 18000 INR.. If this one is out of stock then I will recommend you to go for Huawei Honor 6. You can go for Huawei Honor 6 which is a really goof device in this price range. It has got an Octa Core Processor SoC along. with 3GB of RAM which is not offered by any other device which are its competitors. The camera and battery are also good with. this and it comes with Android Kitkat version out of the box.. Best camera, best battery, under Rs 30,000. The best smartphone as per these requirements and price range will be Motorola Moto X 2nd generation.. o Ahead and buy this one. Miocromax,xolo for gaming and budget is 12000. If you need the best gaming device then no smartphone can beat Motorola Moto G 2nd generation because it has stock android and most of the games are highly compatible with stock android which consume least amount of RAM as compared to the other android smartphone where skinned android version are installed over them.. Do not blindly follow the specifications of other smartphones, if they higher version of hardware then they also have heavy Android version which shows UI lag after the usage of 5 to 6 months.. Check out for the specifications from here.. Moto G 2nd Gen - 8GB. You should go for Motorola Moto X which is the best device in this price range.. I always prefer to suggest the smartphones with stock android because it does not have any bloatware or freeware out their in the market.. Moto X falls perfectly in this price range and hence because it has got a decent camera which will take really good pictures in daylight hence you should go for Motorola Moto x only.. Please go ahead and buy this device.. To chatting ,photo and rough use. I have three options for you in this case,. If you love camera more than the performance in the long run of your smartphone, then I would recommend you to go for Samsung Galaxy S5. This will device has powerful processor and a great camera, but I fear that after 2.5 or 2 years, this device may start popping up UI lag issues for you.. Nexus 5 is another good option with the stock android and a very powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon Processor 800 which will be really great for the performance lovers.. Another latest and good option can be Motorola Moto X (2014) this one is the latest Stock Android device launched by Motorola and now it has similar processor as it was of Google Nexus 5 but its camera is little better. Perhaps, I should say that it lies between the compromises made between Google Nexus 5 and Samsung Galaxy S5.. More about Motorola Moto X Force. Motorola Moto X Force is available with mentioned stores as on February 26, 2018. Motorola Moto X Force online store price is applicable to all cities including Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Cochin, Jaipur, Patna, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Nagpur, Surat, Indore, Agra, Thane, Gurgaon, Noida. The price for Motorola Moto X Force is for new Mobiles and not of second hand or used Motorola Moto X Force. The page was last updated on February 26, 2018.. Price In India of Motorola Moto X Force-Rs.26,999. Popular Comparisons of Motorola Moto X Force. Motorola Moto X Force, Apple iPhone 6s Plus which to buy. Mobiles Comparison Of Motorola Moto X Force and Samsung Galaxy Note 5. LG G5 vs Motorola Moto X Force Compare Mobiles. Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sim or Motorola Moto X Force - Which is better. Compare Microsoft Lumia 950 Dual Sim, Motorola Moto X Force Mobiles. Compare Motorola Moto X Force, LG G4 Mobiles. Huawei Google Nexus 6P 32GB, Motorola Moto X Force which to buy. Popular Searches Related To Motorola Moto X Force. Best Touch Screen Motorola Mobiles India. Best 1 GB RAM Motorola Mobiles Under Rs.30000 India. Best 4G Motorola Mobiles Under Rs.25000 India. Best 1.5 GB RAM Motorola Mobiles India. Best 2 GB RAM Mobiles Under Rs.25000 India. We are not sure how putting a copyright symbol here helps us, anyways for the sake of sanity - © 2016 Wowway Labs Pvt. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. The world's first smartphone display guaranteed not to crack or shatter. Go up to two full days without stopping to recharge. Get up to 13 hours of power in just 15 minutes of charging with TurboPower technology. Take crystal clear photos and never miss a shot with rapid focus. Bring your photos and videos to life in amazing detail with 77% more pixels than a 1080p display. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Nillkin Amazing H+ Pro - 0,2mm Tempered Glass with Curved Edge 2.5D 9H Screen Protector for Motorola Moto X Force. 3 x SWIDO Crystal Clear Screen Protector for Motorola Moto X Force - PREMIUM QUALITY (crystalclear, hard-coated, bubble free application). Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Moto X Force / Droid Turbo 2 in black [Offically Motorola certified | Extrem rugged | Soft-Touch finish | Hybrid] - MT-367-BLK. Motorola Moto X Force 32GB 32GB 4G Black - smartphones (Android, Single SIM, NanoSIM, EDGE, GSM, HSPA+, UMTS, LTE). 2 x SWIDO Anti-Reflective Screen Protector for Motorola Moto X Force - PREMIUM QUALITY (non-reflecting, hard-coated, bubble free application). BROTECT AirGlass Flexible Glass Protector for Motorola Moto X Force Screen Protector Glass Ultra Clear - Extra-Hard, Ultra-Light. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. Moto G5 16GB with 3 GB RAM (Dual Sim) UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Lunar Grey. £ 165 00 Amazon Prime. Moto X force smartphone (32GB) backed ballistic nylon black. Also check our best rated Smart Phone reviews. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. ILGS - I Love Going Shopping. 0.9 x 7.8 x 15 cm. 7.53 x 15.5 x 0.68 cm. 7.6 x 1.1 x 15.4 cm. 0.61 x 7.6 x 15.58 cm. 7.62 x 15.39 x 1.11 cm. 0.97 x 7.4 x 15.02 cm. camera; face_detection; flash; front_camera; GPS; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; e-mail; usb; wifi. camera; e-mail; flash; face_detection; front_camera; GPS; mp3_ringtones; quad_core_processor; touchscreen; usb; wifi. camera; face_detection; flash; front_camera; GPS; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; e-mail; usb; wifi. 3G; 4G; Bluetooth; Edge; GPRS; GSM; HSDPA; UMTS; WiFi. 3G; 4G; Bluetooth; Edge; GPRS; GSM; HSDPA; WiFi. 3G; 4G; Bluetooth; Edge; GPRS; GSM; HSDPA; UMTS; WiFi. Lenovo Moto Z UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black/Silver. Motorola X Style White UK Sim Free Smartphone. Motorola Moto Z2 Force 64 GB UK SIM- Free Smartphone- Black. Motorola Moto X Style 32GB 4G White - smartphones (Single SIM, Android, NanoSIM, EDGE, GSM, CDMA, EVDO, HSPA+, UMTS, WCDMA, LTE). Motorola G5 Plus 4G 32GB Dual-SIM lunar gray EU. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 7.8 x 0.9 x 15 cm ; 168 g. Delivery Destinations: Visit the Delivery Destinations Help page to see where this item can be delivered. Find out more about our Delivery Rates and Returns Policy. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 31 Oct. 76,006 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > SIM-Free Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Motorola Moto X Force Charger User guide. Choose the phone that loves you back.. The Moto X Force gives you the all-new Moto ShatterShield, the world’s first shatterproof display. So there’s nothing to fear when the going gets tough. With up to 48 hours of battery life, TurboPower charging, and a 21MP camera, it won’t ever let you down. And with a sleek design featuring your choice of premium materials like genuine leather and ballistic nylon, it’s easy to fall for. Up to 48 Hours of Power. Go up to two days without stopping to recharge or worrying about battery life. With a 3760 mAh battery, you can watch movies, download apps, browse the web, do everything you want to do.. All battery life claims are approximate and based on a standard mixed use profile.. Get blazing-fast charging when you need to get going in a hurry. TurboPower gives your Moto X Force up to 13 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes.. Battery must be substantially depleted; charging rate slows as charging progresses. Charger sold separately in some markets.. Great shots and perfect selfies in any light.. Capture beautiful, true-to-life images in any light with the 21 MP camera. You’ll get the best results every time thanks to rapid focus with zero shutter lag and a color-balancing dual LED flash.. The front-facing 5 MP camera includes a wide-angle lens, which is great for fitting friends in the picture. And thanks to an extra flash on the front, everybody looks their best-even in low light.. Water is a phone’s worst enemy. That’s why Moto X Force is designed with a water-repellent coating to protect it from the inside out. Never let spills, splashes, or rain stand in your way.. Advanced nano-coating technology creates a water repellant barrier to help protect against moderate exposure to water such as accidental spills, splashes or light rain. Not designed to be submersed in water, or exposed to pressurized water, or other liquids; Not waterproof.. Bring your photos and videos to life in ultra-sharp detail with 77% more pixels than a 1080p display. Even capture and play back amazing 4k video all on the same screen.. 5 star 77% 4 star 6% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 6% 1 star 11%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone. Screen resolution is great, although screen can chew through your battery. Received the Marshmallow update just after Christmas. I'm a light user and I can get 4 days out of a charge. Turbo charger is included and it's incredible fast at charging the phone.Wireless charging is supported too, I managed to charge it on the Samsung Wireless charging pad for the S5.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars It's ok. It won't smash, but the screen does get scratched easily. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. You could use this phone as a hammer, and it would still work! Superb!. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Faulty, not in warranty and repair centre unable to repair.. Developed a fault after 3 months. Was twice sent back to repair centre and returned still faulty. Motorola refused to swap as the warranty was for Italy.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Just before the warranty expired the screen stopped working managed .... Just before the warranty expired the screen stopped working managed to after 2 week get them to repair it. Warranty has now expired and the phone has completely stopped working.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Love it!. Best purchase in a long time - Phone Shop Advisor for 5 years. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Was this review helpful to you?. Would you like to see more reviews about this item?. Go to Amazon.com to see all 20 reviews. So, had this one year, and inspired to post a review. I love this phone, had it custom made straight from Motorola, with a leather back and 'engraving'. 5.0 out of 5 stars Close to perfect for me. In my opinion, the best overall smartphone even 18 months after release, and at a great price. I didn't buy on Amazon but I would like to review the device for the benefit of... 5.0 out of 5 stars My favourite all-round smartphone - performance and practicality. This phone is awesome , i absolutely love it , had for 2 weeks now and i use my phone alot for work and personal , battery last for ages , and charges in no time at all .. 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome phone , buy !!!!!!!. The screen maybe indestructible however the other components are not. My phone has been back for repair twice with microphone issues, it's going back again this third time with a... 1.0 out of 5 stars Dont Buy - poor reliability.. Future proof (well at least for 2 -3 life). 5.0 out of 5 stars Cut price flagship NJ. Having being a loyal Motorola customer for years simply because of their toughness , durability and ease of use. 5.0 out of 5 stars I decided to upgrade this and what a great phone it is. Planning to keep for another 2 years.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I got this as a replacement for my LG G4 after it went into bootloop and although I am impressed I'm not blown away. 4.0 out of 5 stars Amazing battery life. See and discover other items: moto z , moto z play , warehouse smartphones , motorola mobile phone , motorola mobile phones , motorola phone. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. FREE SHIPPING ON ALL US ORDERS. Recently added item(s) ×. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Devices View All Devices iPhone Cases View All iPhone Cases iPhone X Cases iPhone 8 Cases iPhone 8 Plus Cases iPhone 7 Cases iPhone 7 Plus Cases iPhone SE Cases iPhone 6s Cases iPhone 6 Cases iPhone 6s Plus Cases iPhone 6 Plus Cases iPhone 5 & iPhone 5s Cases Smartphone Cases View All Smartphone Cases Samsung Smartphone Cases View All Samsung Smartphone Cases Samsung Galaxy S9 Cases Samsung Galaxy S9+ Cases Samsung Galaxy Note8 Cases Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Case Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases Samsung Galaxy S8+ Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Alcatel Cases View All Alcatel Cases Alcatel U50 Cases Alcatel A50 Cases Alcatel A30 Fierce Cases IDOL 4S Cases ASUS Cases View All ASUS Cases ASUS Zenfone V Live Cases ASUS ZenFone V Cases ASUS ZenFone AR Cases BlackBerry Cases View All BlackBerry Cases BlackBerry Motion Cases BlackBerry KEYone Cases BlackBerry DTEK60 Cases BlackBerry DTEK50 Cases BlackBerry PRIV Cases BlackBerry Leap Cases Coolpad Cases View All Coolpad Cases Coolpad Alchemy Cases Essential Cases View All Essential Cases Essential Cases Google Smartphone Cases View All Google Smartphone Cases Google Pixel 2 XL Cases Google Pixel 2 Cases Google Pixel XL Cases Google Pixel Cases Google Nexus 6P Cases Google Nexus 5X Cases HTC Smartphone Cases View All HTC Smartphone Cases HTC U11+ Cases HTC U11 Life Cases HTC U11 Cases HTC One X10 Cases HTC U Play Cases HTC U Ultra Cases HTC Bolt Cases HTC Desire 530 Cases HTC 10 Cases Huawei Smartphone Cases View All Huawei Smartphone Cases Huawei Mate 10 Pro Cases Huawei Honor 8 Pro Cases Huawei Honor V9 Cases Huawei Mate 9 Pro Cases Huawei Mate 9 Cases Huawei P8 Lite Cases Huawei Honor 6x Cases Huawei Nova Cases Huawei P10 Plus Cases Huawei P10 Cases Huawei P10 Lite Cases Huawei Honor 8 Cases Huawei Nexus 6P Cases Kyocera Cases View All Kyocera Cases Kyocera DuraForce Pro LG Smartphone Cases View All LG Smartphone Cases LG Tribute Dynasty Cases LG Q6 Cases LG V30 Cases LG X Charge Cases LG K3 Cases LG X venture Cases LG G6 Cases LG Stylo 3 Plus Cases LG Stylo 3 Cases LG K20 V Cases LG Phoenix 3 Cases LG Aristo Cases LG V20 Cases LG G5 Cases Meizu Smartphone Cases View All Meizu Smartphone Cases Meizu M3 Note Cases Motorola Smartphone Cases View All Motorola Smartphone Cases Motorola Moto X4 Cases Motorola Moto Z2 Force Cases Motorola Moto Z2 Play Cases Motorola E4 Plus (International) Cases Motorola Moto E4 Plus Cases Motorola E4 (International) Cases Motorola Moto E4 Cases Motorola Moto G5s Plus Cases Motorola Moto G5s Cases Motorola Moto G5 Plus Cases Motorola Moto G5 Cases Motorola Moto G4 Play Cases Motorola Moto G4 Plus Cases Motorola Moto G4 Cases Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Cases Nokia Lumia Cases View All Nokia Lumia Cases Nokia 6 Cases Sony Smartphone Cases View All Sony Smartphone Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Cases Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Cases Sony Xperia XZ1 Cases Sony Xperia XZ Premium Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Cases Sony Xperia L1 Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Cases Sony Xperia XZs Cases Sony Xperia XA Ultra Cases Sony Xperia X Performance Cases ZTE Smartphone Cases View All ZTE Smartphone Cases ZTE Maven 3 Cases ZTE Blade X Cases ZTE ZMAX Pro Cases ZTE Maven 2 Cases ZTE ZMAX 2 Cases ZTE Maven Cases iPad Cases View All iPad Cases iPad Pro Cases View All iPad Pro Cases iPad Pro 10.5 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 (2nd Generation) Cases iPad Pro 9.7 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 (1st Generation) Cases iPad 9.7 (5th Generation) Cases iPad Air 2 Cases iPad Air Cases iPad mini 4 Cases iPad mini 1/2/3 Cases iPad 2/3/4 Cases Tablet & Laptop Sleeves Tablet Cases View All Tablet Cases Microsoft Surface Cases & Sleeves View All Microsoft Surface Cases & Sleeves Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Cases Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Cases Microsoft Surface Pro (2013)/Pro 2 Cases Microsoft Surface 3 Cases Microsoft Surface RT Cases Samsung Cases View All Samsung Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8 Cases Samsung Galaxy Book 12" Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7" (2016) Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Cases Samsung Galaxy TabPRO S Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Cases Amazon Kindle Cases & Sleeves View All Amazon Kindle Cases & Sleeves Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle Fire (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle Fire HD 10 Cases Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 (2015) Cases ASUS Cases View All ASUS Cases ASUS ZenPad Z8s Cases ASUS ZenPad Z10 Cases ASUS ZenPad Z8 Cases AT&T Cases View All AT&T Cases AT&T Trek 2 HD LG Cases View All LG Cases LG G Pad F2 8.0 Cases LG G Pad X II 10.1 Tablet Cases LG G Pad X 10.1 Tablet Cases LG G Pad X8.3 Tablet Cases Verizon Ellipsis Cases View All Verizon Ellipsis Cases Verizon Ellipsis 10 HD Cases Verizon Ellipsis 10 Cases Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD Cases Verizon Ellipsis 8 Cases ZTE Tablet Cases View All ZTE Tablet Cases ZTE ZPad 8 Cases Laptop Cases View All Laptop Cases MacBook Cases & Sleeves View All MacBook Cases & Sleeves MacBook Pro 2016 Cases MacBook 12in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 13in Cases MacBook Pro 13in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 15in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 15in Cases MacBook Pro 17in Cases MacBook Air 11in Cases MacBook Air 13in Cases Microsoft Surface Book Cases & Sleeves View All Microsoft Surface Book Cases & Sleeves Microsoft Surface Book 2 13.5in Sleeves Microsoft Surface Book Sleeves Lenovo N23 Chromebook Cases Microsoft Surface Laptop Cases & Sleeves 13in Cases & Sleeves 15in Cases & Sleeves Power View All Power iPhone Wireless Chargers Smart Cases View All Smart Cases iPhone 7 Plus Smart Cases iPhone 7 Smart Cases iPhone 6/6s Smart Cases iPhone SE Battery Cases iPhone 5/5s Battery Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Battery Cases Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Battery Case Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Battery Cases Motorola Moto Z Droid Battery Cases Portable Battery Packs Wireless Charging USB-C Charging Cables View All Charging Cables Lightning Cables Micro-USB Cables USB-C Cables Wall Chargers Car Chargers & Accessories Accessories View All Accessories ClamCase Keyboards Google Accessories View All Google Accessories Daydream View VR Google Home Mini Accessories Apple Watch Accessories View All Apple Watch Accessories Apple Watch Series 1 Bands Apple Watch Series 2 Bands Apple Watch Series 3 Bands Apple TV Accessories Auto Accessories Audio Earbuds CommandKit Accessories Screen Protection View All Screen Protection iPhone Screen Protectors View All iPhone Screen Protectors iPhone X Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protector iPhone SE Screen Protectors iPhone 6/6s Screen Protectors iPhone 6/6s Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 5/5s Screen Protectors Samsung Screen Protectors View All Samsung Screen Protectors Galaxy Note8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8+ Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 edge Screen Protectors Galaxy J7 (2017) Screen Protectors Galaxy J1 (2016) Screen Protectors Smartphone Screen Protectors View All Smartphone Screen Protectors Alcatel Screen Protectors View All Alcatel Screen Protectors A30 Fierce Screen Protectors Essential Screen Protectors View All Essential Screen Protectors Essential Screen Protectors Google Screen Protectors View All Google Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 Screen Protectors Google Pixel Screen Protectors Google Pixel XL Screen Protectors Google Nexus 5X Screen Protectors HTC Screen Protectors View All HTC Screen Protectors HTC 10 Screen Protectors LG Screen Protectors View All LG Screen Protectors LG G6 Screen Protectors LG V20 Screen Protectors LG G5 Screen Protectors LG V10 Screen Protectors Microsoft Screen Protectors View All Microsoft Screen Protectors Microsoft Lumia 650 Screen Protectors Motorola Screen Protectors View All Motorola Screen Protectors Motorola Moto Z2 Force Screen Protectors Motorola Moto Z2 Play Screen Protectors Motorola Moto G4 / G4 Plus Screen Protectors Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Screen Protectors Sony Screen Protectors View All Sony Screen Protectors Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Screen Protector Tablet Screen Protectors View All Tablet Screen Protectors iPad Screen Protectors View All iPad Screen Protectors iPad 9.7 Screen Protectors iPad Pro Screen Protectors iPad Air 2 Screen Protectors iPad Air Screen Protectors iPad mini 4 Screen Protectors iPad mini 1/2/3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Screen Protectors View All Microsoft Surface Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro/Pro 2 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface 3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface RT Screen Protectors Samsung Screen Protectors View All Samsung Screen Protectors Galaxy Book 12" Screen Protectors Galaxy Tab S3 Screen Protectors Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Nintendo Switch Screen Protection Moto Mods Accessories Nintendo Switch Accessories Universal Cases & Sleeves View All Universal Cases & Sleeves Universal 8-inch Folios Universal 10-inch Folios Stylus Pens Collections View All Collections Design Series Esquire Series Oh Joy! x Incipio TheMintGardener x Incipio OneCanoeTwo x Incipio Baron Von Fancy x Incipio. Flexible Glass Screen Protector with Applicator. Thank you for signing up for our education discount!. Check your inbox for your 15% off sitewide coupon!. Here are some essentials we think you’d like!. Free USPS First Class shipping offered to all US addresses - No order minimums!. Sign up for our monthly newsletter and be the first to know about new products and deals!. All orders must be placed by 12PM PST. hanukkah - december 6 (us only). christmas - december 25 (us only). estimated delivery: (order by today). estimated delivery: (order by today). estimated delivery: (order by today). 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Motorola Motorola Moto X Force. Motorola Moto X Force Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Unbreakable Motorola’s Moto X Force is unleashed. In terms of specs and features of this device, you will get a 5.4 inches AMOLED touch screen with 14 ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - XT1580 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 25(1900), 28(700), 40(2300) - XT1580 Speed HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2015, November Status Available. Released 2015, November Body Dimensions 149.8 x 78 x 9.2 mm (5.90 x 3.07 x 0.36 in) Weight 169 g (5.96 oz) SIM Nano-SIM Display Type AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.4 inches (~69.8% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels (~540 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Shatterproof Platform OS Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop), planned upgrade to v6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810 CPU Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57 GPU Adreno 430 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 200 GB Internal 32/64 GB, 3 GB RAM Camera Primary 21 MP, 5248 x 3936, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR Video [email. protected] , HDR Secondary 5 MP, LED flash Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP, EDR, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS NFC Yes Infrared port Yes Radio No USB microUSB v2.0 Features Sensors Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Java No. - Fast battery charging - Wireless Charging (Qi/PMA-enabled) - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic - MP3/AAC+/WAV/Flac player - MP4/H.264 player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery. Non-removable Li-Ion 3760 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 500 h (3G) Talk time Up to 25 h (3G). I need Moto Xforce 64 gb , dual SIM , black color Please contact me 0336-8221825 Tanveer Karachi. I need Moto Xforce 64 gb , dual SIM , black color Please contact me 0336-8221825 Tanveer Karachi. Any body want to sale this phone. I want to purchase good one. Recently I have searching for this smartphone Motorola Moto X Force and now I got it from this website and I am going to buy it because this is the really amazing smartphone. yaar ager kio ye set fresh halt main bechna chahta hai tu contect me 032180200667 Quetta. Motorola Moto X Force Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Unbreakable Motorola’s Moto X Force is unleashed. In terms of specs and features of this device, you will get a 5.4 inches AMOLED touch screen with 1440 x 2560 pixels shatterproof display. You can throw your Moto X Force on floor or anywhere it will not damage your screen. The X Force possesses the strength of powerful 2GHz Octa-core processor, Adreno 430 graphics and 3GB RAM, that enables your device to work perfectly and accurately without stopping. The Moto X Force will be available in 32 GB and 64 GB versions, so you can pick and choose according to your needs. The Motorola Moto X Force has enough space to store any kind of data with a micro SD card slot for up to 2TB. The phone is Android operated and runs on 5.1.1 Lollipop version. The camera of Moto X Force features a 21Mp with options like phase detection autofocus, a dual-LED flash and support for 4K video recording. You can click better images by using these options. There's also a 5MP front snapper in your Motorola Moto X Force that can even captures images in low light. Battery life of Motorola Moto X Force is strong with a 3,760mAh battery. After charging the device for 15 minutes you can get up to 13 hours of charged battery. A Micro-USB connection is used to charge your Moto X Force. The price of Motorola Moto X Force is updated on this page for online users. The Motorola Moto X Force price in Pakistan is authentic and market competitive.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. LS1/ L-S1 - Battery For Bla .. THZ15707AP - Vuscape Case & .. MM 100 - Bluetooth Headset .. BL-44JH - Battery For LG Mo .. Blocks Texture Soft Case fo .. 
Motorola Moto X Force - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 25 26 ». I had this phone for 2 years. It was strong, worked well but at the beginning only. After several months, I had an OS update suggested from motorola and then the OS was really slow, it was a pain to use this smartphone... Another update reduced the problem but the phone is still slower (with lags) than at the beginning. After 18 months, the battery life was not so good (but not so bad also), after 1 day using "normally", around 6-7pm the battery was almost empty (At the beginning I manage to use the phone 1 day an half). Recently, I dropped it at 70km/h (my pocket was not close) when doing motorbike and the smartphone was still ok (two angles were crashed but it was almost nothing and still ok to use it). I've switched to a galaxy S7 to get IP68 (better with motorbike) and a smaller smartphone, since it's huge sales currently and S7 was really low price and is totally sufficient for what I needed.. I've had it now for 18 months and it still goes brilliantly. Battery lasts all day and night. I've dropped it on concrete several times and it has a small chip gone from the corner bit still works perfectly. Screen is a little scratched probably because I don't use a cover. Why don't other manufacturers also use this screen?. How is speaker vs moto x 2014?. nikush, 15 Dec 2017 Love this phone, always ready to rock. if battery goes low, just turn off LTE and it will serv... more So far nobody love lenovo boot, but believe me i tried other flagship include iphone but back to motorola, strength signal and crystal talk cant be match. Such a premium device and I do remember how pricey it was during its launch ! A well designed moto device and a remembrance of Motorola mobility stand alone creation.. I have received an update of security patch with size 32 MB for my Moto X Force indian Version.. I received update of security patch with size 32 MB. Love this phone, always ready to rock. if battery goes low, just turn off LTE and it will server several hours on 5%, it is really shatterproof, facedropped it several times, only bad thing is it belongs to lenovo now! and after update to 7.0 on startup appears LENOVO!!! Hate Lenovo, thats why this is my last Moto :( (my last 4 phones are all Motorola). I've had the UK version for 1 year now and it has been an absolute beast, no issues and has passed every challenge with flying colours as a work and personal phone. It has had fairly regular updates, now on 7.0 Nougat which may be the last. The ShatterShield is an absolute God-send as I have dropped it and all it has got are a few little scratches. Whereas previous phones (cough, Sony) cost me several hundred in screen repairs and were never the same again. The features it misses that I actually want are water resistance, fingerprint scanning, FM radio and elegant looks (though it's not ugly, it definitely can't match an edge to edge). Those are all on the new X4, but at the expense of features the Force has. I'll probably keep this for another year because it's going to take some replacing.. Anonymous, 08 Oct 2017 Moto X force is more powerful ! No volte update done by Motorola/Lenovo. Don't buy if you are planning to use Reliance Jio Volte sim in India. Volte connection is also not stable using Reliance 4G voice.. Akash, 08 Sep 2017 I bought this phone newly and it doesn't have gorilla display scratches can easily happen on i... more I'm just living with bubbles on all four sides. I got 7.0 update after mobile heating and drain charge fast....I need to down grade help me. i need help...which is better between Xperia X/Moto X force or moto Z..?.. Sony X (The powerful Brand) :). Already 1.5 years of using this phone. Suddenly I noticed it is burned. Looking pictures on full screen you can see 1 brighter layer on top and in the bottom of display. Read that it is common in amoled but on top I can see the exact time it is happened. If thiis is comming in time should be not visible as well as batteri load and so on... i need help...which is better between Xperia X/Moto X force or moto Z..?.. Moto X force is more powerful !. i need help...which is better between Xperia X/Moto X force or moto Z..?.. The phone has been out for a good day on an outdated system. I've been waiting for more than a year for updates (since it was announced by google) and released it on a dumped 7.0 instead of the 7.1 patches. They should be quick updates and you do them longer than samsung !!! Stop advertising with slogans that do not have much in common !!!. Akash, 08 Sep 2017 I bought this phone newly and it doesn't have gorilla display scratches can easily happen on i... Should've learnt the difference before you bought it. Anyhow, the outer lens is replaceable. So effectively you can never damage the screen enough to make it unusable. And don't put a tempered glass screen guard on this cuz it doesn't break anyway. Unless you really don't want scratches on your screen for some reason.. I bought this phone newly and it doesn't have gorilla display scratches can easily happen on it, I tried using tempered glass for this on the left bottom there is a curve for which I am getting bubble I tried around 4 glasses for this I faced the same issue with all the four.... Do any one facing the same issues ???. Pages: 1 2 3 … 25 26 ». Total of 508 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto X Force .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
* Product and pricing data are sourced from third parties for informational purposes only. We strive to provide correct information, but are not responsible for inaccuracies. Should you find any errors, please help us by reporting it here .. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Get free shipping on orders over $35.00. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Motorola Moto X Force. Motorola Moto X Force: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto X Force es la variante del Droid Turbo 2 para mercados internacionales. Posee una pantalla QHD de 5.4 pulgadas ShatterShield, que Motorola asegura que es irrompible, dando cuatro años de garantía contra roturas. En cuanto a características, cuenta con un procesador Snapdragon 810 octa-core, 3GB de RAM, 32GB o 64GB de almacenamiento interno expandible, cámara trasera de 21 MP, cámara frontal de 5 MP, conectividad LTE y corre Android 5.1 Lollipop.. Motorola Moto X Force Características principales. Android 5.1 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto X Force. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 9.2 mm. y un peso de 169 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto X Force tiene una pantalla de 5.4" con una resolución de 1440 x 2560 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto X Force encontramos un procesador Snapdragon 810 2GHz, acompañado de 3GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 32GB/64GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto X Force tiene una resolución de 21 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 3760 mAh. .Completando sus especificaciones técnicas , podemos encontrar parlantes stereo para un sonido superior. Pantalla 5.4", 1440 x 2560 pixels Procesador Snapdragon 810 2GHz 3GB RAM. 32GB/64GB, microSD Cámara: 21 MP. OS: Android 5.1 Perfil: 9.2 mm Peso: 169 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto X Force. basado en 4 experiencias. Cámara de alta resolución (21MP) Conectividad 4G LTE Amplia memoria RAM (3GB) Procesador octa-core 64 bits Pantalla resistente a impactos Excelente densidad de pixels (540ppi). Motorola Moto X Force características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto X Force. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto X Force. Noticias de Motorola Moto X Force. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE (B1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 25, 28, 40). 149.8 x 78 x 7.6~9.2 mm. 1440 x 2560 pixels, 5.4 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Resistente al polvo y agua. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 32GB/64GB memoria interna, 3GB RAM. - Procesador octa-core MSM8994 Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 2.0GHz, GPU Adreno 430. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS. 21 MP, 5248 x 3936, autofocus, flash LED dual (tono dual), foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@120fps, HDR; cámara frontal 5 MP, flash LED. - Carga inalámbrica Qi y PMA. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; Wi-Fi Direct; DLNA; banda dual. - Cancelación activa de ruido con 5 micrófonos dedicados. Funciones clave Motorola Moto X Force. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto X Force. Hay 60 opiniones del Motorola Moto X Force .. La batería de mi moto x force dura muy muy poco, ¿alguien podría ayudarme a saber a qué se debe eso?. hola saludos a la distancia ... a los usuarios del teléfono Moto X Force les pregunto que tan cierto es que ese teléfono calienta bastante agradecería antemano si me respondieran pues yo pienso comprarlo ya.. Alguien sabe si este equipo tiene mirrorlink o screenmirroring?. Hola quisiera saber si puedo cambiarle La batería al Motorola x force, gracias. Hola estoy por comprar este cel y lo que me gustaría saber es que tal la cámara , el sonido del celular y si el celular es resistente al agua , gracias. He tenido desde hace años Motorola y desde hace más de un año el moto x force. Para mi es el mejor teléfono que he usado. Es resistente (se me ha caído y no le ha pasado nada), la batería le dura todo el día (uso rudo, y si lo uso poco dura casi 48 hrs), se carga en menos de media hora al 100%, tiene mucha memoria (64 gb el Tel y 3gb de ram), el único inconveniente es que sigo esperando desde hace seis meses el nougat y no llega. No es tan desechable, como la mayoria. Sus contemporáneos, está dañada la pantalla, o ya no sirven. Lo compre observando su resistencia​, nivel y cumplo con la espectativa. Compre el quipo en julio del año pasado y todo funcionaba de maravilla como debe ser en un alta gama pero hace 2 semanas de manera repentina se apago y dejo de funcionar, la verdad no lo recomendo y tendré q abandonar a los Motorolas. Excelente equipo el moto x force. Compré a finales de agosto el moto x force y desde nuevo a quien llamaba me mencionaban que me escuchaban entrecortado y los 15 días se dejó de escuchar bien, esto es, con un volumen muy bajo y distorsionado, lo envié a garantía , lo repararon pronto (aproximadamente 5 días ) pero me siguen escuchando mal en algunas ocasiones. ¿ Alguien más tiene el mismo problema de mala calidad en llamadas ?. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto X Force - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 60. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto X Force. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto X Force. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto X Force a otros usuarios. Motorola Moto X Force anunciado como la variante internacional del Droid Turbo 2. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for moto x force. All Listings - Current page. results for moto x force. Save moto x force to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow moto x force to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Moto X Force Smartphone Black *NEW*＋Warranty !. Motorola Moto X Force 32GB Black Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Motorola Moto X Force XT1580 (M122B) Smartphone - 32GB, Unlocked - Works!. For Moto X Force Droid Turbo 2 XT 1585 Dual Hybrid Tough Case Clip White Teal. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 / Moto X Force Case, Cocomii Paladin Armor NEW [Heavy... Motorola Moto X Force XT1581 64GB Dual Sim Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE Unlocked. USED - Motorola Moto X Force XT1580 32GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.4" QHD. BNIB MOTOROLA MOTO X FORCE XT1580 32GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE 3G GSM NEW. Motorola Moto X Force 32GB Black Smartphone Android 21MP AMOLED 3GB RAM Genuine. Motorola MOTO X Force XT1581 5.4" 2K 1440P Snapdragon 810 Android 5.1 64GB. Heavy-Duty Armor Hybrid Case For Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Moto X Force, XT1585. Moto Droid Turbo 2, X Force 2, Kinzie Verizon Case - Wydan Slim Hybrid Shockproo. Skinomi FULL BODY (MATTE) Skin+Screen Protector for Motorola Moto X Force. 20 x Motorola Moto Force Tempered Bulletproof Glass Heavy Duty Foil Real 9H. Skinomi FULL BODY Skin+Clear Screen Protector for Motorola Moto X Force. TurtleArmor | Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case Moto X Force Kinzie [Slim Duo]... BNIB MOTOROLA MOTO X FORCE XT1580 32GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE SIMFREE NEW. BNIB MOTOROLA MOTO X FORCE XT1580 32GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE 3G GSM OEM. Motorola Moto X Force 32GB Black Smartphone Android 21MP AMOLED 3GB RAM Genuine. Motorola Mobility Moto X Force-Smartpho ne Google Android (sm4233ae7p5). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 32GB Black/Lunar Grey Smartphone Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT-1650M 32GB Verizon Wireless Factory Unlocked. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Verizon Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone Gold. Motorola XT1650M XT1650-02 MOTO Z Force Droid SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED. Motorola XT1650M XT1650-02 MOTO Z Force Droid SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT-1650M 32GB Verizon Wireless Factory Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon) A-Grade. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 Verizon CARRIER - 32GB (CW4611). MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789 (T-MOBILE BRANDED) BLACK 64GB 4G LTE SMARTPHONE. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - (Verizon, UNLOCKED ) CLEAR. MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789 AT&T BRANDED + GSM UNLOCKED BLACK 64GB. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Black Lunar Gray! GSM Unlocked READ. Unlocked - Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 BLACK Verizon ATT TMobile Unlocked 7339699. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789 64GB 4GB RAM Android 4G LTE Phone. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M, 32GB, Verizon Wireless, Used. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Verizon Unlocked 32GB Smartphone Cell Phone. Unlocked Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid (XT1650-02) 32GB Black (Verizon) Bad ESN/IMEI 10787. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Unlocked 32GB Black (08333). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 BLACK Verizon ATT TMobile Unlocked 7339700. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-03 64GB Super Black! Sprint Network! New device!. Motorola Moto Z Force 2nd Generation - 64 GB - Super Black Verizon Smartphone. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Verizon Unlocked 32GB Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition 64GB * T-mobile * CLEAR ESN. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid 32GB Black XT1650-02 *Verizon - Unlocked* Tested. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid (XT1650-02) 32GB Black (Verizon) Bad LCD ESN? 12067. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Black Lunar Gray! Verizon+GSM Unlocked READ. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB AT&T Unlocked Smartphone cell BLACK G578. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone BLACK *GREAT*. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid (XT1650-02) 32GB Black (Verizon) Clean ESN 14897. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 - 32GB - Gold / White (Verizon) A-Grade. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G577. MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE (2017) -BLACK GSM UNLOCKED (VERIZON) 64GB 12MP 5.5". NEW MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789 AT&T BRANDED + GSM UNLOCKED BLACK 64GB. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G427. Skinomi Black Carbon Fiber Skin+Clear Screen Protector for Motorola Moto X Force. MOTO X Force,Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Armor Rugged Protector Case Black Brown. Customs services and international tracking provided. 12 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fast Free Shipping - USPS Priority Mail 1-3 days .. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fast Free Shipping - USPS Priority Mail 1-3 days .. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save moto x force to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto X Force now available to pre-order in the UK. Motorola Moto X Force now available to pre-order in the UK. posted by Florin T.. Tags :. Motorola - Motorola + Android - Android +. Released in the US since last week, the Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is also coming to Europe and Asia, though under a different name: Moto X Force. As of this week, folks in the UK can pre-order the Moto X Force and expect to receive it as soon as November 9. Handtec is asking £497.99 (or about €700) for a SIM-free Motorola Moto X Force, while Carphone Warehouse is offering the smartphone for £529.99, or on monthly plans starting at £37.50 per month. At the moment, only the black version of the handset seems to be available to order. Just like the Droid Turbo 2 (which is exclusively sold by Verizon Wireless), the Moto X Force sports a 5.4-inch shatterproof display with 1440 x 2560 pixels. This screen is guaranteed not to crack or shatter for 4 years , and drop tests are confirming that it should survive any everyday accident. Currently running Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, the Moto X Force will be updated to Android 6.0 Marshmallow (though Motorola didn't say exactly when this would happen). The handset is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, further featuring a 21 MP rear camera with 4K video recording, a 5 MP front-facing camera with flash, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of internal memory, microSD card support, and a generous 3760 mAh battery. sources: Handtec , Carphone Warehouse. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Compare. Moto X Force receives Android Nougat update. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 receives OTA update to Android 7.0. Deal: Best Buy sells the Motorola DROID Turbo 2 for only $312, buyers get $200 gift card too. Nougat update delayed until May for Moto X Style, X Play, X Pure and X Force in Germany. This epic Motorola DROID Turbo 3 concept has us wishing it was real. 5 best water-resistant smartphones for summer 2016. DROID Turbo 2 Related News. (Posts: 982; Member since: 02 Sep 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 13:55. You know....this phone is a beast. This is a phone 2 years ago we wished someone would moto would make. It has everything a person could want. Larger quad HD amoled screen, SD card slot, 3gb ddr4 ram and a shatterproof screen, super light motor OS. If this was the nexus 5p they would sell tons. Sorry just had to say it....seems like everything I want I cannot realistically have. (Posts: 5786; Member since: 06 Aug 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 14:04. Well, it doesn't have a finger print scanner, or IR blaster... too bad I can only get it with loads of crap bloatware pre installed with the Droid Turbo 2. (Posts: 112; Member since: 07 Dec 2010). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 15:39. Precisely ! Only lack of finger print scanner is a big minus for me, the rest is just amazing !. (Posts: 5029; Member since: 30 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 15:59. I would take a shatterproof screen over useless features anyday. Finger print scanner i can easily live whitout ( password work perfectly well ). i already have a controller for my tv lol. Just use a one click root solution like kingroot or kingo root both will make it possible for you to uninstall all those crap then you just with 1 click unroot it.. (Posts: 4275; Member since: 26 Jun 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 18:43. in response to #8 Hide. I really can't live without a fingerprint scanner anymore. It's one of those things that you never knew you wanted, and you can't really go back. Tried to use my old Droid Maxx after having my GS6 for a month, entering the password took ages. And I find myself wishing I could link my fingerprint to everything that requires a password.. (Posts: 5786; Member since: 06 Aug 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 19:01. in response to #9 Hide. I have my current phone setup with a lot of trusted devices (NFC tags) and locations so I can bypass my 11 character password. But I think I would much rather have a fingerprint scanner and never have to worry about security again. lol, It's just frustrating because I keep flip flopping as to which phone to buy next, the Nexus 6P or the Droid Turbo 2.... (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 19:42. in response to #10 Hide. Have you been to the Verizon store to try out the Turbo 2 in hand? That made up my mind.. (Posts: 5786; Member since: 06 Aug 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 20:03. in response to #11 Hide. No, not yet, I might go tomorrow to try it out. I wish I could try them both out before having to pick one over the other.. (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 20:20. in response to #13 Hide. Obviously you can't do a hands on of the 6P, but you can use the V10 as a stand-in.. (Posts: 5786; Member since: 06 Aug 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 20:38. in response to #15 Hide. lol, the V10 is such an odd ball of a smartphone if you ask me. But if it's similar in display quality, size and build as the Nexus, I suppose I can have a look at it. (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 21:07. in response to #16 Hide. Well, my other recommendation for size is the iPhone 6S Plus, but the V10 is the appropriate screen size/bezel/screen:body ratio. And it has the rear fingerprint scanner. I have way too much fun with PA's size comparator.. (Posts: 4275; Member since: 26 Jun 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 20:01. in response to #10 Hide. Yeah, I really wish Motorola put fingerprint scanners on their devices so people can have very convenient security AND Motorola's software experience/battery life. It's weird, because the Atrix was one of, if not the first commercial smartphone with a fingerprint scanner, and they never went back to it.. (Posts: 5786; Member since: 06 Aug 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 21:40. in response to #8 Hide. If I go with the Droid, and right now it really looks like I'll be leaning that way, I'll probably end up rooting it. I just really wish that it mirrored the Moto X Pure 100% with its software. (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 23:06. in response to #18 Hide. You had to know the Droid was going to be chock full of bloatware. Hey, at least the free games are deletable.. (Posts: 982; Member since: 02 Sep 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 13:57. (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 14:26. "At the moment, only the black version of the handset seems to be available to order.". That's because the white version is an abomination. Just a mess of sensors and grilles.. (Posts: 2116; Member since: 30 Apr 2012). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 14:26. Assuming PA's specs are correct, and Moto is including all the LTE bands they are in the Pure/Style, this would be a great phone to import and use on T-Mobile or LTE. But after import costs and price jacks, it'll cost $900.. (Posts: 982; Member since: 02 Sep 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 15:16. It's not realistic to get one.. (Posts: 1129; Member since: 10 Nov 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 21:46. Amazon UK will probably carry it and the shipping shouldn't be so bad. (Posts: 2131; Member since: 11 Aug 2015). posted on 04 Nov 2015, 03:07. But will still cost alot more! nearly no hope here. (Posts: 18; Member since: 28 Aug 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 20:13. (Posts: 465; Member since: 15 Jul 2014). posted on 04 Nov 2015, 13:35. SAR threshold already takes account of the factor of safety and Motorola can not release a phone which crosses it anywhere in the world. SAR values become important when buying from Chinese OEMs.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Motorola Moto X Force now available to pre-order in the UK. Motorola Moto X Force now available to pre-order in the UK. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Accessories Apps Digital Cameras Laptops Games Guides USB Drivers. Accessories Apps Digital Cameras Laptops Games Guides USB Drivers. Motorola Moto X Force USB Driver. Motorola Moto X Force USB Driver. to one of your computers, then you need to install the correct USB drivers for the Motorola Moto X Force on your device. Here is a simple guide that allows you to download and install these drivers for any version of Windows. Download Motorola Moto X Force Driver for Windows Things to Consider The Motorola Moto X Force USB Driver are from the Motorola Device Manager Software. By installing the Motorola Moto X Force USB Driver , you don't need to install the Motorola Device Manager App on your computer. Compatible: Motorola USB Driver is compatible with Windows 10 , Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP (for both 32 and 64 bit). Preparation Disconnect your device from your PC. Uninstall any previous drivers installed for your phone on your computer. Motorola Moto X Force USB DRIVER Official Motorola Moto X Force USB drivers Instructions Uninstall any previously installed Motorola Drivers.(Highly Recommended) Restart the Windows-based PC. Extract Zip file and then launch the EXE file. Once the new Motorola drivers have been installed successfully on your PC, reboot the computer once again. All the drivers should now be on your PC Video: Install Motorola Moto X Force USB Drivers Motorola Moto X Force USB Driver for Mac Connect your device to your MAC. Download and install Motorola Device Manager for MAC → Download link. └ If it asks for downloading additional files while installing, then let it do so. Once the installation finishes, your Motorola device should be working on the MAC. Motorola Device Manager for Windows Connect your device to your PC. Download and install Motorola Device Manager → Download link. └ If it asks for downloading additional files while installing, then let it do so. Once the installation finishes, your Motorola device should be working on the Windows PC. Motorola Moto X Force Won't Connect To Computer Connect your phone to another USB port on your computer (try them all) Try different USB cables. The original cable that came with your phone should work best, if not — try any other cable that’s new and of good quality Reboot computer Try connecting to a different computer Enable USB Debugging Conclusion. Motorola Moto X Force USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need to connect your Motorola Moto X Force. Download Motorola Moto X Force Driver for Windows Things to Consider Preparation Motorola Moto X Force USB DRIVER Instructions Video: Install Motorola Moto X Force USB Drivers Motorola Moto X Force USB Driver for Mac Motorola Device Manager for Windows Motorola Moto X Force Won't Connect To Computer Conclusion. According to Wikipedia , in computing, a device driver (commonly referred to as a driver ) is a computer program that operates or controls a particular type of device that is attached to a computer. A driver provides a software interface to hardware devices, enabling operating systems and other computer programs to access hardware functions without needing to know precise details of the gadget in use. The Motorola Moto X Force USB drivers allow your device to communicate with any of your computers. Tasks such as transferring images, music, videos and more become accessible once the computer has the necessary Motorola Moto X Force USB driver installed.. Before installing new Motorola Moto X Force drivers , you must first remove, from your computer, any drivers that haven’t been completely uninstalled and may be conflicting (or might do so) with the new drivers. To do this, follow the steps below:. These are the files that you will need to download before you proceed. Of course, you can always get the latest version of the Motorola Moto X Force USB drive r via the link labeled: > Motorola USB Driver Latest Version Download. You will also need this file:. How to install USB drivers for Motorola Moto X Force ?. Here is the complete video guide to connect Motorola Moto X Force with Windows PC. All you need to Install Motorola USB drivers on your system. The Motorola Moto X Force USB drivers are on your computers. Thanks for reading: how to download & install Motorola Moto X Force USB Drivers. Install Motorola Device Manager for Mac — Motorola's software for managing your phone on your MAC. It will install the proper drivers for your Motorola Moto X Force.. Install Motorola Device Manager — Motorola’s software for managing your phone on your PC. It will install the proper drivers for your Motorola Desire S.. If you have issues, then try the following tips to investigate the cause of the connection failure:. These tips and the guide itself should help you connect your Motorola Moto X Force to your PC once you’ve installed the correct USB Drivers. Are you still having trouble connecting your Motorola Moto X Force to your computer? Then, feel free to leave a comment for help. Also, if you have any suggestions, do let us know. Thanks for reading, Motorola Moto X Force USB Drivers Download & Install ADB + USB here on OrDuh!. Prev Article Next Article. I write about the latest in gaming and gadgets. Like our Facebook page to keep updated.. Motorola PRO+ USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need to. Motorola Motosmart Mix XT550 USB Driver. Motorola Motosmart Mix XT550 USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you. Motorola Fire XT311c USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need. Motorola Razr D1 USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need. Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 MZ617 USB Driver. Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 MZ617 USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and. How To Activate YouTube Via youtube.com/activate. YouTube is the most popular video sharing platform in the world. And, you can link your YouTube account to several. Solved: My Computer Won't Recognize iPhone. You connect your iPhone to your computer. You expect iTunes to pop up. How Do I Delete My Spotify Account?. Spotify is great for streaming music and listening to music offline (with the Premium subscription). Spotify Equalizer Settings & Tips For Better Audio. Have you ever wanted to use the equalizer on Spotify? After all, changing the equalizer settings on any music application. How To Undo In Notes On An iPhone. You spent a good 2 minutes writing a note in the Notes app on your iPhone. Windows 10 Encryption Setup Tips & Tricks. What happens when someone steals your laptop? Once the person gains access, they have access to all your personal files.. Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Won't Charge. Galaxy S6 won't charge? Fix a. that won't charge: The Samsung Galaxy S6 is a smartphone. How To Fix Google Play Services Battery Drain. Google Play Services Battery Drain Fix. This tutorial teaches you how to solve Google Play Services battery drain issues on. Fix: Samsung Galaxy S5 Won't Connect to WiFi. Do you suffer from Galaxy S5 WiFi Issues?. Samsung Galaxy S5 won't connect to WiFi. Fix: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Battery Drain/Overheating. Does your Samsung Galaxy Note 4 battery drain very fast? Does your Galaxy Note 4 overheat? Battery drainage and overheating. Forgot your Android screen lock password? Yes, it happens, I. forgot my lock screen password, but it's not the end of. League of Legends Champion Counters Microsoft Windows Guides Smartphone Guides Smart Home Acer USB Drivers Google Nexus USB Drivers HTC USB Drivers LG USB Drivers Motorola USB Drivers OnePlus USB Drivers Samsung USB Drivers Sony Xperia USB Drivers. Fix: Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Drain/Overheating Forgot Android Lock Screen Password How to Disable Lenovo Vibe UI Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Battery Drain/Overheating Top Emoji App | Best Emoji Keyboard for iPhone Delete Netflix Profile on iPhone - How To Guide Cyanogenmod 14 - CM14 - CM 14 Download Links & Updates. Gapps Mi Flash Tool SuperSu USB Drivers Guides Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Won't Charge Lenovo Vibe UI Themes Lenovo Vibe UI Fix: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Battery Drain/Overheating How To Fix Google Play Services Battery Drain. Mi Flash Tool SuperSU How to Use Greenify App - Extend Android Battery Life Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Won't Charge Fix: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Battery Drain/Overheating Fix: LG G4 Battery Drain/Overheating Fix: Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Drain/Overheating How To Fix Google Play Services Battery Drain CyanogenMod 11 Android 4.4 Google Apps CyanogenMod 12.1 Android 5.1 Google Apps CyanogenMod 13 Android 6.0 Google Apps Forgot Android Lock Screen Password Lenovo Vibe UI Themes How to Disable Lenovo Vibe UI Fix Water Damaged Samsung Galaxy S6 Fix: Huawei P8 Won't Connect to Wi-Fi. Mi Flash Tool SuperSU How to Use Greenify App - Extend Android Battery Life Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Won't Charge Fix: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Battery Drain/Overheating Fix: LG G4 Battery Drain/Overheating Fix: Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Drain/Overheating How To Fix Google Play Services Battery Drain CyanogenMod 11 Android 4.4 Google Apps CyanogenMod 12.1 Android 5.1 Google Apps CyanogenMod 13 Android 6.0 Google Apps Forgot Android Lock Screen Password Lenovo Vibe UI Themes How to Disable Lenovo Vibe UI Fix Water Damaged Samsung Galaxy S6 Fix: Huawei P8 Won't Connect to Wi-Fi. 
Mobiles / Motorola Mobile Phones / Motorola Moto X Force Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 346 Compare. Shatterproof display with Motorola's ShatterShield technology Dual touchscreen layer Water resistance Phase Detect Autofocus for faster focussing Turbo Charging technology Wireless charging TurboPower charging 48-hour battery Water-repellent Shatterproof display. The US based smartphone maker, Motorola's is a rags to riches story so far from being on the verge of shutting to getting acquired by Google and then Lenovo. After being acquired by Lenovo, the brand shot to the lead in charts with its Moto series of smartphones. Last year, the handset maker came out with its third generation of Moto G and Moto X, which were a roaring success just like the prebious two iteration. Now, Motorola is all set to launch its new flagship called Motorola Moto X Force in India. Such is the hype created around the device that the brand went on to mock various flagship devices including Apple iPhone in its promos.. The handset comes with the signature design of Motorola, which we have already seen on the Moto X Play. The device features metallic chassis with premium diamond pattern design on the polycarbonate rear panel that houses the metallic strip housing the camera module and dimpled Motorola logo. However, the USP of the handset lies in the display of the device that we will cover in the next pointer.. Motorola has equipped the new handset with a large 5.5-inch display that is ideal for multimedia and gaming. Moreover, the display is designated with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels, which means users have Quad HD resolution at their disposal. However, the USB pf the handset is that the display is shatterproof owing to the Motorola's ShatterShield technology. So confident is Motorola about the display that its offering a 4 Year's warrant on display damages. Another highlight is the use of dual touchscreen layer in the display so that even if one layer is damaged, the display still remains functional.. Motorola is one of the first brand to update its smartphones to latest Android operating system and therefore the user experience is always top notch. The new device comes with the last generation Android Lollipop (5.1) operating system out of the box with near stock Android interface. The device will also receive the latest Android Marshmallow update from the manufacturer.. The Octa-core processor resting inside the handset boasts of a massive clock speed of 2 GHz, which ensures a smooth and efficient performance. There is 3 GB of RAM in the handset that ensures that the processor is performing at its best at all times. The device lasts considerably longer as it has been equipped with a 3760 mAh battery.. Moto X Force comes with the same camera setup as was found on the last year's Moto X Style and it is pretty impressive. The rear panel of this handset houses a powerful 21 mp primary camera that is more than enough to replace your DSLR in day to day photography. Furthermore, there is a 5 Megapixels camera on the front panel for the benefit of selfie lovers.. This handset comes with dual SIM feature and support for 4G LTE as well as 3G, which is considered to be a USP by a majority of buyers. The handset also features majority of existing connectivity options like NFC, Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth, microUSB and GPS.. Motorola has been harbinger of several new age technology including water resistance, Active display notifications and immediate Android updates. Moto X Force also reinforce the position of the brand in the Indian market. The shatterproof display of the handset will be lauded by many in India, however, the speculated price tag of the handset is too steep and might discourage users.. Motorola Moto X Force Price in India. 19,994 .00. 19,994 .00. Motorola Moto X Force Price in India starts from. The lowest Motorola Moto X Force price in India is. 19,994 at Tatacliq.com on 26 February, 2018. The Motorola Moto X Force is. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Motorola Moto X Force is available in Black and Gray and in 64GB and 32GB Storage variants. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 3 /5 (788 User Reviews). Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 2 GHz Octa Core 3 GB RAM 32 GB Storage 5.4" (13.72 cm) Display 3760 mAh Battery 21 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera Single SIM Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Motorola Moto X Force Drops from 19,994. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Motorola Moto X Force Drops from 19,994. Android v5.1.1 (Lollipop) Upgradable To V6.0 (Marshmallow). 149.8 x 78 x 9.2 mm. 2 GHz Octa core 64 bit (ARM Cortex A57). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope, Hall Sensor. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Burst Mode. AAC, AMR, eAAC+, FLAC, MIDI, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA. 3GPP, AVI, H.263, H.264, MKV, MPEG4, WebM, WMV, Xvid. Handset with built-in Battery, Charger, Earphone, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Motorola Moto X Force Top Alternatives. Lenovo Z2 Plus 64GB (Zuk Z2). Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Moto Z Play 32GB. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs OnePlus 3T. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Xiaomi Mi5. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Moto G5 Plus 32GB. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Lenovo Z2 Plus 64GB (Zuk Z2). Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Moto G5 Plus. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Moto M 64GB. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Moto G5S Plus. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Motorola Moto X Play 32GB. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs HTC Desire 10 Pro. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Lenovo P2. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Moto M. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Honor 8. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Motorola Moto X Force 64GB. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs Motorola Moto X Style 16GB. Compare Motorola Moto X Force vs LG G5. Motorola Mobiles Upcoming Motorola Mobiles Motorola Mobiles Under 15000 Motorola Mobiles Under 20000 Motorola 4G Mobiles Motorola 3GB RAM Mobiles Motorola 3G Mobiles Motorola 4G Mobiles Under 15000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
The next video is starting stop. Motorola Moto X Force, review en español. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ►►Puedes comprar tu Moto X Force aquí: http://amzn.to/1md8DpH ►►Suscríbete a Andro4all: http://goo.gl/LuuzTb Analizamos a fondo el más reciente terminal de Motorola, con un toque extra de resistencia. ❤❤ GAFAS DE SOL TOPE DE GAMA ❤❤ Consigue unas AFTER SUNGLASSES con un 35% de descuento con el código: ANDROLOVE35 en http://www.aftersunglasses.com Nuestras redes sociales: Instagram: http://instagram.com/andro_4all Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/andro4all Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/andro4all G+: http://www.google.com/+andro4all http://www.andro4all.com Music by: MDK Song Title: Absolute Zero http://www.facebook.com/MDKOfficial http://www.youtube.com/MDKOfficialYT Buy the song here: http://www.mdkofficial.bandcamp.com/ Free Download: http://www.morgandavidking.com/free-d.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Moto Z y Moto Z Force | Características y Especificaciones. Is This The World's Most Indestructible Phone?. Motorola Moto X Style, review en español. Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+: TODA LA INFORMACIÓN #MWC18. Motorola Moto X Play vs Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z2 Force review, el poder de los MOTO MODS. Sony Xperia XZ2, primeras impresiones #MWC18. Moto X Force [Análise] - TecMundo. Motorola Moto G4 2016 - ¿El mejor gama media de 2016?. Moto X Force - Análisis en Español HD. LG V30S ThinQ, primeras impresiones #MWC18. Moto Z Play, review en español. Huawei MediaPad M5, primeras impresiones #MWC2018. Moto DROID Turbo 2 / Moto X Force Unboxing y pantalla irrompible?. Xperia XZ2 Compact, primeras impresiones #MWC18. Moto X Force unboxing + test de destrucción en español. Pregúntale 208: Mejor smartwatch, Xiaomi Mi A1 o Moto X4 y la mejor funda. Honor 9 Lite REVIEW: 4 CÁMARAS A BAJO COSTE!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Motorola Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Moto X Force review - the incredible shatterproof smartphone. Motorola Moto X Force review - the incredible shatterproof smartphone. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. Page 1 of 2 Motorola Moto X Force review - the incredible shatterproof smartphone 1. Motorola Moto X Force review - the incredible shatterproof smartphone 2. Camera, Moto apps, Conclusion & Specifications. With its top-end specs, beautiful build quality and outstanding shatterproof display, the Moto X Force is officially king of all smartphones. Processor : Octa-core 2.0GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, Screen Size : 5.4in, Screen resolution : 2,560x1,440, Rear camera : 21 megapixels, Storage : 32GB (24GB) / 64GB, Wireless data : 3G, 4G, Size : 150x78x7.6mm, Weight : 169g, Operating system : Android 5.1.1. Shatterproof display Design and Moto Maker Performance and Battery Life. Smashing your phone's screen is a moment that every smartphone user dreads. You can buy as many cases as you like to protect against dents and scratches, but there comes a time when it will inevitably slip out of our hands and fall, face down, onto the floor, shattering the screen into a million tiny pieces.. Thankfully, Motorola's saying 'No more!' to cracked smartphone screens, as its brand-new Moto X Force is being lauded as the world's first shatterproof smartphone. It's taken three years to come to fruition, but Motorola's so confident in the Force's display that it's guaranteeing the screen for four years of typical use, whether you drop it on the pavement or have it fall out of your pocket up a ladder.. I have to say the wait has definitely been worth it. It's so good, in fact, that you wonder how no-one else has done something like this before, but the Moto X Force is truly indestructible. It was able to survive repeated display-side down drops on a number of different surfaces, from wood, concrete and stone from a height of around two metres, all without incurring any damage to the screen whatsoever. Admittedly, the phone's metal frame did start to accumulate the odd dent or two from repeated whacks and smacks, but I'd say it's a small price considering the sheer resilience of the display.. The secret behind the screen's toughness is all down to what Motorola's calling its Moto ShatterShield technology. While most smartphones typically have three layers making up the display (the LCD or AMOLED panel, touchscreen digitiser and top glass layer), the Moto X Force has five. At the bottom is an aluminium core holding everything together, and on top of that is a 2,560x1,440 AMOLED panel. Next is a dual touch layer, just in case the first one happens to fail after a fall, which is then followed by an interior layer of glass. Sitting on top of all that is a sheet of hardened plastic, forming the main protective layer against scratches, bumps and dents.. Even better, that plastic layer is user-replaceable, so if you do happen to crack it, you won't have to pay a small fortune to get it fixed or send it off for repairs. That said, it's not like you can just whip off the screen at any given moment, as it's still firmly attached to the rest of the phone. However, Motorola's said it will play an active role in helping users to replace their screens in the form of published video tutorials and online advice.. Video of Motorola Moto X Force smash test. Hopefully, though, you'll never have to do this, and that alone makes the Moto X Force one of the best phones of the year. Motorola hasn't stopped there either, as it's also water repellent. While not designed to be submersed in water, its nano-coating will survive an accidental spill, splash or a rain shower. It's a shame it's not completely waterproof, otherwise Motorola would have actually created the perfect smartphone, but this is still one of the most practical and hard-wearing smartphones you can buy today.. The quality of the display is equally excellent. At 5.4in, the Moto X Force has a smaller display than the Moto X Play and Moto X Style , but its 2,560x1,440 AMOLED panel makes it by far the best one of the lot. With 100% coverage of the sRGB colour gamut, almost perfect 0.01cd/m2 blacks and a high contrast ratio of 25,944:1, the Moto X Force's display looks stunning.. It's not as bright as the rest of Motorola's Moto X output this year, as its peak brightness only reaches 337.00cd/m2 rather than over 500cd/m2, but this is pretty normal for an AMOLED panel. Whites aren't quite the cleanest I've seen on AMOLED either, as the Moto X Force's default colour temperature is a little warm, but it's a pretty minor complaint overall.. If that wasn't enough, the Moto X Force is a bona fide flagship phone as well, so it has everything it needs to compete alongside the Samsung Galaxy S6 and its Android rivals. It feels gorgeous in the hand, and its ballistic nylon rear inspires a lot more confidence than the slippery edges of the glassy Galaxy S6. The rear still curves to sit comfortably in your palm, but the majority of the back is flat, giving it a rugged, rigid feel without looking like a plastic brick.. However, you can also opt for Horween pebbled leather or a grippy soft-touch texture at no extra. cost through Motorola's Moto Maker service, adding that extra touch of class to an already seriously stylish handset. You can also add 64GB of storage for £35 through Moto Maker, but when both the standard 32GB version and 64GB model come with a microSD card slot that can take cards up to 2TB, paying extra for onboard storage seems like a waste of money.. The Moto X Force is also much faster than its Moto X siblings, as it comes with Qualcomm's top of the range octa-core Snapdragon 810 chip and 3GB of RAM. As a result, it breezed through our Geekbench 3 tests, scoring an impressive 1,248 in the single core test and 4,102 in the multicore test. This surpasses nearly all of its closest rivals, including the Sony Xperia Z5 , HTC One M9 and LG G4. The Nexus 6P and Galaxy S6 family still sneak ahead, but you'd be hard pushed to notice the difference in day to day use. Android 5.1.1 flew by on the Moto X Force, and apps loaded in no time at all.. Graphics performance was just as quick, too, as its huge score of 1,572 frames (or 25fps) in the offscreen Manhattan test of GFX Bench GL is second only the Xperia Z5. Likewise, its JavaScript performance in Peacekeeper also outstripped several of its top-end rivals, beating the Galaxy S6 and Nexus 6P with its score of 1,532, delivering silky smooth web browsing across all kinds of site.. Add in a massive 3,740mAh battery that can last for a massive 15h 12m of continuous video playback with the screen set to 170cd/m2 and this Moto X is truly a force to be reckoned with. This is just 20 minutes shy of. the Galaxy S6 Edge , which is currently our longest-lasting smartphone, giving it a full two hours on the normal S6, and four hours on the Xperia Z5.. Even better, the Moto X Force supports Motorola's Turbo Charge feature, which is really handy for topping up your battery just before you go out the door. It's incredibly quick to charge, too, reaching 20% battery in just 10 minutes, 70% in 30 minutes, and a massive 92% in an hour.. It took a little bit longer to charge that last 8%, coming in at just under an hour and a half altogether, but it's much faster than the Nexus 6P, which has a smaller 3,450mAh battery, can only get 15% in 10 minutes and 50% in 40 minutes. Even better, the Moto X Force works with wireless Qi and PMA chargers as well, making it even more convenient. Page 1 of 2 Motorola Moto X Force review - the incredible shatterproof smartphone 1. Motorola Moto X Force review - the incredible shatterproof smartphone 2. Camera, Moto apps, Conclusion & Specifications. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9: Even MORE expensive than the Galaxy S8. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Samsung Galaxy S9: Ultra low-light photography. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Guaranteed Shatter shield Display with Moto ShatterShieldTM. 21MP primary camera with dual LED flash, 4x digital zoom, burst mode, night mode, auto HDR, panorama, drag to focus and exposure, video stabilization and 5MP front facing camera with flash. 3760mAH battery with upto 30 hours battery back , Turbo Power charging which gives you 8 hours of battery back up in 15 minutes. Android v5.1.1 Lollipop operating system with 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 octa core processor, Adreno 430 GPU, 3GB RAM, 64GB internal memory expandable up to 200GB and single nano SIM. 5.4-inch (13.7 centimeters) AMOLED Quad HD capacitive touchscreen with 2560 x 1440 pixels resolution. 4 years manufacturer warranty on the display, 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. Easily Accessible Service Centers across Major Cities in India. > Click here to see the list. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. DMG Ikare Fiber Tempered Glass For Moto X Force. MTT PU Faux Leather Wallet Case for Moto X Force (Black). MOBSTAR Combo of 3 Clear and 3 Matte Screenguard for Motorola Moto X Force. Heartly Motorola Moto X Force Back Cover Graphic Kickstand Hard Dual Rugged Armor Hybrid Bumper Case - Navy Black. MOTO X FORCE Printed Mobile Back Cover (MLC001) / Printed Back Cover For MOTO X FORCE. Nillkin Tempered for Motorola Moto X Force Glass Amazing H+ Pro Explosion Proof Screen Protect. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB). Moto G5s Plus (Blush Gold, 64GB). Moto G5 Plus (32GB, Lunar Grey). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory). The smartphone with the screen that does not crack or shatter.. Don’t be afraid to fall Technical Specification Operating System Android 5.1.1, Lollipop System Srchitecture/Processor Motorola Mobile Computing System, including Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor with 2.0 GHz Octa-core CPUs (MSM8994) Adreno 430 @ 600 MHz GPU Natural Language Processor Contextual Computing Processor Memory (RAM) 3GB (LPDDR4 with 64-bit access) Storage (ROM) 32GB/64GB⁶, microSD Card support (up to 2TB)ᵌ Dimensions Height: 149.8 mm (5.90 inches) Width: 78 mm (3.07 inches) Curve: 7.6 mm - 9.2 mm (.30 inches - .36 inches) Weight 169g (6.0 oz) Display 5.4" AMOLED 1440p Quad HD (2560 x 1440) 540 ppi ShatterShield Battery Mixed usage up to 30 hours⁴ (3760 mAh) TurboPower for up to 8 hours of power in 15 minutes of charging⁵ Supports PMA and Qi wireless charging (wireless charger sold separately) Water Protection Water repellent nano-coating² Networks 4G LTE (Cat 6) UMTS / HSPA+ GSM / EDGE Bands XT1580: GSM / GPRS / EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz) MUTS / HSPA+ (850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 MHz) 4G LTE (B1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 25, 28, 40) SIM Card Single Nano-SIM Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 2.4 GHz + 5 GHz with MIMO Bluetooth Technology Bluetooth version 4.1 LE Rear Camera 21 MP /f/2.0 aperture / Phase Detect Auto-Focus (PDAF) / Closed loop processing / Colour Correlated Temperature (CCT) flash with dual LEDs / Quick Capture / Tap (anywhere) to capture / 4X digital zoom / Burst mode / Night mode / Auto HDR / Panorama / Drag to focus & exposure / Video Stabilization / 1080p HD video (30fps) / 4K video (30fps) / Slow Motion video / Video HDR (1080p and 4K) Front Camera 5 MP f/2.0 aperture Wide-Angle lens 1.4um pixel for better low light Night mode Flash Connectivity Micro USB, 3.5 mm headset jack Speakers/Microphones Front-ported loud speaker 5-Mics with active noise cancellation support Video Capture 1080p (30fps); 4K (30fps) NFC Yes Locations Services A-GPS Sensors Accelerometer Ambient Light Gyroscope Hall Effect Infrared Magnetometer Proximity. The Moto X Force gives you the all-new Moto ShatterShield, the world’s first shatterproof display. So there’s nothing to fear when the going gets tough. With up to 30 hours of battery life, TurboPower charging, and a 21MP camera, it won’t ever let you down. And with a sleek design featuring your choice of premium materials like ballistic nylon, it’s easy to fall for. Get tons more space for pictures, videos, music, and apps with an optional microSD card (up to 2 TB*). Choose the phone that loves you back.. Content with DRM restrictions may not be able to be moved to the card. 200GB is the maximum capacity currently available.. The world’s first smartphone display guaranteed not to crack or shatter.. * Because you deserve a phone that won’t let you down.. *The display and embedded lens are warranted against shattering and cracking for four (4) years from the original date of purchase; scratches or other damage to the protective lens is not covered by this warranty, but should always be in place to prevent scratches and other damage to the underlying components. This phone is not shockproof or designed to withstand all damage from dropping. All other warranty exclusions, including scratches and other cosmetic damage, intentional damage or abuse, normal wear and tear and other limitations apply.. Even in low light Better-looking selfies in a flash. Capture beautiful, true-to-life images in any light with the 21 MP camera. You’ll get the best results every time thanks to rapid focus with zero shutter lag and a color-balancing dual LED flash.. The front-facing 5 MP camera includes a wide-angle lens, which is great for fitting friends in the picture. And thanks to an extra flash on the front, everybody looks their best even in low light.. Power through today and into tomorrow without giving battery life a second thought. With a 3760 mAh battery, you can watch movies, download apps, browse the web, and do everything you want to do.*. *All battery life claims are approximate and based on a standard mixed use profile. The mixed use profile is based on Motorola devices on major 4G LTE networks with excellent coverage and includes both usage and standby time. Out-of-box settings are applied to the mixed use profile to project battery performance. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, and voice, data, and other application usage patterns.. Get blazing-fast charging when you need to get going in a hurry. TurboPower gives your Moto X Force up to 8 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes.*. *Battery must be substantially depleted; charging rate slows as charging progresses.. Exceptional performance Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor. Play games, stream video, and multitask at the speed of life. The ultra-powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor with 2.0 GHz octa-core CPUs, paired with 3 GB of blazing-fast memory, gives you all the performance you need.. 5.4" Quad HD (1440p) display: Bring your photos and videos to life in amazing detail with 77% more pixels than a 1080p display.. 32 GB or 64 GB storage: Choose from 32 GB or 64 GB, and never give storage a second thought.*. Available user storage is less due to preloaded software, and is subject to change due to software updates.. Beautifully strong Premium ballistic nylon Lightweight. Set your phone apart with distinctive materials. Choose durable ballistic nylon for rich color and texture that’s lightweight and feels great.. Don’t let the thin design fool you. With an anodized aluminum frame, Moto X Force is remarkably light and surprisingly strong.. Moto X Force Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 7.8 x 0.9 x 15 cm. Connectivity technologies GSM, EDGE, 4G LTE. Special features Single SIM, GPS, Music Player, Video Player, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope, Hall effect sensor, Infrared sensor, Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, E-mail. Other camera features 5 MP. Whats in the box Handset, Charger and Headset. #65,592 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 1 January 2017. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 38% 4 star 15% 3 star 10% 2 star 6% 1 star 31%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars An Amazing Mobile at an AMAZING PRICE!! Read For Detailed Info and Tricks!. Colour: Black | Size: 32GB | Verified Purchase. **UPDATE* OCT 3 2017 After 2 months : 1.Security Patch is updated to July 2017. battery backup : 9hours on heavy usage (Mobile Data + 70-80% Screen on time + 4hours of gamming but with battrey saver mode) 3. HEATING! - Many complaints and reviews about heating ...my opinion : It Heats up around 45*C on charging (Turbo) but charges in 45mins!(0% to 100% with Phone switched Off) using the phone while turbo power simply increases the charging time temperature reduces a bit due to slow charging. Normal usage Mild to No heating i.e normal browsing Video chat and all no severe heating while using camera. While Playing games Heats upto 43*C in 10mins (avg) but no throttling or Performance drop seen HEATING CAUSES BATTERY DRAIN HENCE SHOULD BE CONTROLLED! If using powerbank then there should be no affects of heating To minimise heating and inc battrey : Use battery Saver mode , Dont Run too much background Apps adjust the Favorable settings in Developer Mode , Switch Network and all I DO NOT RECOMMEND CLEANERS! Tweak your phone manually 4. Software And Optimization : DONT GO ON QUANTITY LIKE 4GB RAMS ON OTHER 15K PHONES The Diffrence ...? 4GB LPDDR3 RAM @ 933 MHZ on SD 625/626/650 phones vs 3GB LPDDR4 @ 1600MHZ on SD810 In Reality onlu 2.5 GB is available as RAM and 1.8-1.9GB always consumed (I have 108 apps installed!) but you will not notice any LAG or Frame DROPS any time! Optimization is 100% .comming to Software Very Neat and clean but i have gone through a BUG while changing SIM! i.e "com.android.phone has stopped" have to do RESET and everything is OK. This is not motorola Specific but can hit any phone mostly Samsung phones are listed on NET! I accounted such thing 1st time in my 6 years of android usage. *Initial Review - After Few Days Of usage* I brought this mobile after watching many videos and reviews for many months. I previously brought a MOTO TURBO 64GB which was 2015 flagship in India. Here are some detailed information and some tricks which you will not find in any videos or sites( As much as i have seen ) 1. Display : Display is VERY GOOD very punchy and vibrant colors. i read that this phone dosent have pure black(though its only 1-2% lit) due to Shattershield but you will not notice it! The Contrast is Much Much better than LCDs. But the (WHITE)is on little warmer side you will not notice it until you put a LCD display in side.Its the normal for a AMOLED(p-OLED) my bro has S7E and its display is on cooler side and white will be perfect (although little blue) but i didn't find any other difference b/w other colors. Sunlight readability is normal (Who use phone directly pointing to sun??) S7E display exceeds in Contrast and Brightness and little cooler than MOTO X FORCE 2. SIM: Dont Give a negative rating regarding sim card its CLEARLY mentioned on site that this is Singe sim and my unit has no Impressions of Hybrid sim slot as i have seen in many reviews. XT1580: Single Sim XT1581(China) : Dual-Sim 3. Camera : Rear Camera is AWSM at day light the photos are comparable to S7E very quick autofocus and image processing Color looks natural and at 16MP(16:9 ratio) A pic is about 6-10 MB size which means this contains lots of detail.At Low light and in room (only 1 bulb lit)The performance is satisfactory for a normal person..Dot compare with S7E win low/artificial light..compare PRICE TAG! CAMERA APP: Its very basic as in other moto phones My suggestion to Use GOOGLE CAMERA(download from apkmirror.com/Playstore) which has good features and a dedicated Shutter key.But the Photos will be stores in internal storage but can be moves to sdcard in settings. Front camera: I dont take selfies And have not used Front flash yet but Camera is avg. The FOV is large but the focus is fixed at the back side Video: Best Video Capturing also HEVC ENCODING in SD810 looks like it has OIS although not thanks to Video Stabilization! 4. Battery & Heating: For a Moderate to heavy user it should last for about 7-8 hours with 5hours on screen.Heating is there when using Turbo Charger (0%-100% in 45-60 mins) and when playing games which led to faster battery drain due to 8Cores in SD810. The same is for SD615 (8Cores) in Xplay and G3-TE but X force heats more compared.MORE HEATING FASTER BATTEY DRAIN! Trick: Use Network to 3G-2G and Battery saver whenever possible and DONT KEEP TOO MUCH APP IN BACKGROUND this will make battery life extended to 8-12hrs.Also Avoid Turbo Charger and use normal charger. 5.UPDATES/VoLTE & future Development : This is a sad point that there is no VoLTE support till now compared to very cheap MOTO G3,MotoE2,E3..Mine has Android 6.0 Preinstalled and got updated to Patch Dec-2016 which is also a downpoint. My father has G3-TE it also works on April-17 Patch. But the support is not yet over It has to receive Android N Update (stats from Latin America) which was halted for some reason.There is no Device KERNEL released from MOTOROLA that results in NO Official DEVELOPMENT OF LINEAGE OS which helps in Keeping Device UPTO-DATE with Latest Android and Patches Long after the Support period is Over PLEASE JOIN MOTO X FORCE FORUM AND REPORT THE ISSUES LARGER THE COMMUNITY MORE SOLUTONS AND SUPPORT FROM COMPANY! 6. Sound Quality & Headphone output : This thing is least explained in videos. Contains MONO Speakers But Good Sound Quality Clear not Cracking at high volume but the rich bass effect will be sometimes missing.But for a mobile notifications and little songs the speakers are good. Headphone Output : The Provided Earphones are very basic i dont use them. I used EARPODS, Samsung , Sennheiser CX213 and the sound output is good clear and Loud. The Half the volume Sound will be loud as comapred to Moto E,Moto G,Redimi,Lenovo Phones series they have very low Output. I noticed that sound output was 10-15% more than i used to get in S7E!(CX-213) Trick:1. Use the Good quality earphones Like CX180/CX213 or Earpods with the Equalizer settings to get great music experience! 2.Download songs in iTunes format i.e .M4A format instead of .MP3 m4a is the enhanced version for mp3 compression with better bitrate and sound quality and clearity which becomes best when the file is MASTERED FOR ITUNES (u can check if u have Mac or iPhone) also it contains Original Metadata which are missing in MP3 format This is a way too long to read but i think may provide a detailed view of some topics and that are mentioned in other reviews. PLEASE JOIN OFFICIAL MOTO X SUPPORT FORUM FOR FURTHER SUPPORT AND DEVICE IMPROVEMENT!!. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Underrated Beast. Colour: Black | Size: 64GB | Verified Purchase. Best for a person who's tired with broken screens. Don't even try to compare it with any sub 20000 phone. XD it's out of their league in stability and performance and camera. It's a catch that's been missed by too many due to aggressive sales and marketing of other cheaper brands. How many of your sub 20000 phones did given that's it's 1.5yr old and the most prestigious and then expensive flagship of Moto ever. They weren't stupid when launched it at 58k.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars After using six month i can say only that nothin can worst than this product camara.battery.display software all are the worst. Colour: Black | Size: 32GB | Verified Purchase. awesome fone having too many features worth of money except one problem of singal sim. battery backup is also so good sound quality very good battery charging so fast very good camera quality must by. But price is not stable i have bought this phone in Rs12999/- and suggest for friends they tried and found price increase up to 21000. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars ... a very low price in the quality is really good dropped too many times but Unbreakable. Colour: Black | Size: 32GB | Verified Purchase. Got it at a very low price in the quality is really good dropped too many times but Unbreakable. Some problem arises after 6 months it is hanging sometimes and becomes slow. Less number of applications better will be the performance.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars May the force be with u. Colour: Black | Size: 32GB | Verified Purchase. An absolutely amazing phone with a very nice 21MP cam and a 5mp front. Captures amazing photos in day/night all thanks to the front and rear flash..with a top notch hardware u can play heavy games without lag. Screen is crack resistant but is prone to scratches. So a tempered glass is a. amolead display really gives bright colours.a vary a nice speaker.. it gives a premium feel a in hand all thanks to its a kevelar back cover bought for 17k.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars ) dats cheap 540ppi display 21 megapixel camera 3700 battery everything is good with android 7. Colour: Grey | Size: 64GB | Verified Purchase. Got this phone for 16k on amazon :) dats cheap 540ppi display 21 megapixel camera 3700 battery everything is good with android 7.0 received few days back. Only missing thing is fingerprint sensor. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst phone with software issues n also with the worst customer care support... I hate to buy moto mobiles.. Colour: Black | Size: 64GB | Verified Purchase. The phone was good initially for 1 month n i ve faced software issues like no incoming n outgoing calls. I ve contacted moto customer service centre, there is no clear response from them. The worst part i even suggested this mobile to my family friend even he is facing the same problem.While visiting the customer service centre almost daily for 2 weeks the technician finally decided that there is problem in the motherboard & also said that he has to apply for it & this may take time. Finally I'm fed up with the whole thing. Every time I'm experiencing the worst situation in the matter of this mobile.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars But works fine. Screen is not scratch proof as claimed. Colour: Black | Size: 64GB | Verified Purchase. Screen is not scratch proof as claimed. I got a 1000 scratched in 20 days. great multi tasking , never hangs, fast charging. video is good photos not so great. headphones that came with it our awful. buy your own and sound will be good.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Had to take it to service centre after every 3 minths. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. 2.0 out of 5 stars Poor. Thank you Amazon, "Luv you"😘 Moto X force. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. Good phone i will get only for 13000. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Absolute value for money at this price.. 5.0 out of 5 stars A proud of Motorola design product. Fell down many times from bike without even single scratch. 5.0 out of 5 stars Rock solid. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
