Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: *30 DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE* Phone is in good working condition. Shows signs of use such as scratches and scuffs from normal usage. Comes with charger and USB cable (aftermarket). Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $30.05 Gift Card.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by ARIGINALL and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless) compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585, 32GB - Gray - (Verizon Wireless) Clean ESN. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless) $280.00. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by ARIGINALL and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Mr Shield For Motorola Moto Droid Turbo 2 / Moto X Force Premium Clear Screen Protector [3-PACK… $5.95. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Droid Turbo 2 Case, LK [Shock Absorption] Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Defender Protective Case Cover for… $6.99. Sold by LK-Direct and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB Android Smartphone - Verizon - Gray (Certified Refurbished). Motorola DROID Turbo XT1254, Black Ballistic Nylon 32GB (Verizon Wireless). $189.00 without a service plan Prime. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 - 32GB Verizon (Certified Refurbished) (Black). Motorola DROID Turbo, Black Ballistic Nylon 64GB (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB Android Smartphone - Verizon - Black (Certified Refurbished). Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 - 32GB Verizon (Certified Refurbished) (White Soft Grip). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Mr Shield For Motorola Moto Droid Turbo 2 / Moto X Force Premium Clear Screen Protector [3-PACK] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. OtterBox DEFENDER Case for MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 - Retail Packaging - BLACK. Droid Turbo 2 Case, LK [Shock Absorption] Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Defender Protective Case Cover for Verizon Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (Blue). ArmorSuit MilitaryShield Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Matte Screen Protector - Anti-Glare, Anti-Fingerprint, Anti-Bubble Shield w/ Lifetime Replacements. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Motorola "Droid Turbo 2" Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. ArmorSuit MilitaryShield - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Screen Protector Anti-Bubble & Extreme Clarity HD Shield + Lifetime Replacement. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 7 x 10 x 1 in. 0.28 x 5.41 x 2.8 in. 1 x 5 x 6 in. 3.01 x 6.16 x 0.28 in. 0.39 x 3.02 x 6.02 in. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX 4G LTE Android Smartphone Verizon Black. Motorola Droid Bionic 4G LTE WiFi Android Smartphone Verizon Wireless. Motorola XT1635-Blk Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.5" Screen - 32GB - Black (International Version - No Warranty). Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. The Motorola DROID Turbo 2 is a high-end Android beast available exclusively on Verizon's network. One of its stand-out features is the display, protected by Motorola's ShatterShield technology, making it highly resistant to cracking. Plus, the Turbo 2 is the first DROID eligible for the Moto Maker treatment, allowing one to choose between various materials and color combinations prior to ordering their personalized handset. Hardware specs include a Snapdragon 810 SoC with 3GB of RAM and 32 or 64 GB of storage, plus a microSD card for storage expansion. The main camera provides 21MP of resolution and promises good low-light performance, while the 5MP front cam should snap pretty selfies. And with a 3760mAh battery with quick charging, the DROID Turbo 2 endures through a couple of days of regular use. *1/2 INCH LONG SCRATCHES COVER SCREEN, 1 INCH CURVED DENT AT TOP LEFT OF SCREEN, SCUFFED SCREEN, REAR & CASING.* Network Type: CDMA. 10 x 7 x 1 inches. 1.1 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #11,794 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #215 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 37% 4 star 8% 3 star 11% 2 star 9% 1 star 35%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars It came in amazing shape. I don't know HOW THESE AREN'T MORE EXPENSIVE. The Turbo 2 has the same performance as my old Galaxy 6. For who ever designed the new Galaxies they should be fired. Droid obviously chose practicality over feel. The Samsung covered their phone in Glass. And what is the first thing that breaks on a phone? the Glass. So the Droid Turbo 2 is for the normal human that doesn't have to cover the phone in expensive cases. I've had galaxies, I've owned an iPhone. And I owned the old Turbo. Motorola all the way because they aren't made to break and aren't a silly fashion statement. The reviewers that give this phone criticism about how it looks should go outside and see how it fairs in normal conditions of day to day use. The droid turbo 2 is only proper phone that I have owned that has earned its dollar. If you want a phone that works, isn't covered in thin glass. If you want a fashion statement. They have the similar thought but never had the performance. I would buy this 10 times over any new galaxy or iPhone. Pros: Not made of glass, made to survive the day to day. Amazing Price over the Samsungs or Apple Phones. Con's: Not waterproof but honestly what phone with this sort of performance is? Not a fashion statement.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Buyer Beware!. I received this device and it seemed to work well. I recently ordered a second one for my wife and noticed a difference. Her Flash on the front facing camera was protected. I did a little research and found that these phones have 5 layers to the screen. It appears that mine has had the outermost removed and then sold as "refurbished". Result = a less durable layer is exposed, resulting in screen scratches and less durability. 11/17 update: I contacted the seller and this is how they responded: "There are some devices that will come with a shatterproof shield. Since we purchase all of our phones in wholesale, unfortunately, on some phones the shatterproof shield is removed. Replacing that shield is not part of the refurbishing process.". Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone; useless battery. I had bought a new one of these for my son, and it works great, so I thought I'd buy a refurbished one for me. The battery in this one is useless, sometimes draining in just a few hours. I know that the problem lies with the refurbished, because I have tried both this one, and my son's, side by side. Sometimes the battery on this holds for 2-3 days, sometimes just a few hours. Too bad it only had the 30-day warranty. My advice is to other buyers is to be very alert during that first month.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars found that this Motorola had a better antenna. I ordered this refurbished phone and it .... I couldn't get a Verizon signal from my Samsung phone at our location we were staying for the summer. So, after research, found that this Motorola had a better antenna. I ordered this refurbished phone and it came in perfect condition and I have a signal here. This was a good buy for me.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Hello Moto. I owned the droid maxx, I absolutely loved that phone, the battery life, the active display, everything. I had owned a droid RAZR M before that, never an issue. The RAZR M lasted 4 years. The droid maxx, well not as much, I had it 6 months, loved the phone, I accidentally stepped on it while in my pants on the floor. It wouldn't have broken the screen except there was change in my pocket, I have stepped on it before accidentally, but the pin point pressure of coins under the screen broke it. My sister in-law gave me her old Galaxy S4, a decent phone, took me awhile​ to get used to after owning Motorola's​ for years. The battery life on this phone sucks, even after buying a new battery. I was looking at the droid turbo since it came out, but since Verizon changed their policy and you no longer get a free phone every two years, I had to PAY for a phone... No way was I paying $500+ for a phone. So I finally brought the phone I wanted after 2 years. I love it! So happy I'm back to droid. I bought a refurbished phone for $185, I couldn't tell it has had one day of use. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. I've only had this phone for 5 moths and it won't hold a charge now. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars I purchased this phone on mid January. I purchased this phone on mid January. On May 27th, several vertical pink and green lines started appearing on the screen. This is a known manufacturing problem for early versions of the Droid Turbo 2. The phone is almost unusable now. Beware of this, search for information, and try to purchase one including full warranty. The one I purchased was about 1/3 of the cost of a new one, I should have been more cautious about such deal.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars ... they were certified refurbished and it said new not happy at all. I ordered 2 of these phones for me and my wife payed 285 a pice for brand new neither phone charging port worked had to buy wireless chargers to charge them and the were not brand new they were certified refurbished and it said new not happy at all. Was this review helpful to you?. Works perfectly fine no problems at all.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It lasts no joke an hour.. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. The phone that I got lasted 8 months and then the charge port malfunctioned. 1.0 out of 5 stars Awful phone.. Overpaid for a phone that the volume keys don't work on. I bought the exact same phone from a different place for my kid for a hundred dollars less and it works better.. 2.0 out of 5 stars Overpriced. Phone was in New condition, with accessories. 5.0 out of 5 stars Setup was easy.. I have had mine for more than 2 years I like it. I do not have any of the problems that people have been compaining about. 4.0 out of 5 stars It has been one of the best Android phone I have owned.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Have had this phone for almost 2 years (1 year; 11 months), and have overall loved it. It a quick, easy, food camera. 5.0 out of 5 stars Almost perfect smartphone. Bought the phone for my hubby for Christmas and he's used it less than 2 months and the phone is junk. DO NOT waste your money! Read more. 1.0 out of 5 stars Terrible battery life. Can't return the junk after a short 2 months. I've had this phone for one year. It doesn't work well at all & sometimes it doesn't work period. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst cell phone I've ever had won't even make calls reliably. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Samsung Galaxy S5 Active G870A 16GB Titanium Gray - Unlocked GSM (Certified Refurbished). Moto Z Unlocked Smartphone, 5.5" Quad HD screen, 64GB storage, 5.2mm thin - Lunar Grey - 64GB (U.S. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Grey Color Shatterproof Display Verizon. Motorola DROID MAXX, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635 32GB Black/Silver Verizon Wireless. See and discover other items: droid moto , cheap android phones , motorola mobile phones , motorola moto z force , motorola smartphones , motorola z. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 review:. Drop-defying: This phone's screen won't shatter on impact. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (32GB, Black Soft Grip). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (32GB, Black Pebbled Leather). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (64GB, Black Soft Grip). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (32GB, White Soft Grip). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (32GB, Gray Ballistic Nylon). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 has a tough screen that won't crack. Plus, it has top-tier performance, solid battery life and the ability to design your own phone at Motorola's website.. The Bad The Turbo 2's camera lags behind the best you can buy, and the shatterproof screen comes with some trade-offs. In the US, it's exclusive to Verizon.. The Bottom Line The Verizon-exclusive Droid Turbo 2 delivers on its promise of an uncrackable screen -- and it's a great all-around Android phone, too.. Shatterproof screen 5.4-inch, 2,560x1,440-pixel resolution plastic AMOLED display (540ppi) Integrated screen protector to absorb scratches Four-year warranty against cracking and shattering. Design and build 5.90 by 3.07 by 0.36 inches (150 by 78 by 9.2 mm) 6.0 ounces (169 grams) Customizable design. Software and apps Android 5.1.1 Lollipop Hands-free voice control Moto Actions gesture controls Moto Display. I've never broken a phone by dropping it. Dings and dents, sure--but I've never experienced that sickening crunch. I've never screamed in frustration at the earth's gravitational pull, and my clumsy hands, for turning a gorgeous touchscreen display into a shattered mess on the pavement. The Droid Turbo 2 is the phone to buy if you're tired of broken glass. It's got a screen that doesn't crack when you drop it.. I don't think I can overemphasize this point: the screen doesn't shatter. It doesn't matter whether you drop it on an edge, a corner, or face-first into the pavement. Run over it with a vehicle. (Yes, we actually did that! You can watch us do that and more in this torture test video .). It's so durable that Motorola guarantees the screen won't break for four whole years -- a longer warranty than the entire rest of the phone. Note, however, that neither the phone nor the screen are indestructible: you can definitely puncture the screen on purpose, particularly if you use tools. And if you "accidentally" throw the phone off a six-story building, you'll probably end up with an unbroken screen surrounded by a wreck of a phone.. You can step on the Droid Turbo 2. But that unbreakable screen isn't just a gimmick -- the rest of the Droid Turbo 2 is excellent through and through.. As you'd expect from a flagship Motorola Droid -- the name of a sub-brand sold exclusively with Verizon Wireless in the US -- it's absolutely packed with specs, including a brilliant 5.4-inch quad-HD AMOLED display, a top-shelf Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, and 3GB of RAM. It's also got a big 3,760mAh battery with fast charging and two different forms of wireless charging, making it extremely convenient to refill in the middle of your day. It's even got a microSD slot built into the SIM card tray, so you can expand its built-in 32GB or 64GB of storage in a snap.. And for once, you don't need to look like you're carrying a tiny Terminator in your pocket if you want a Droid handset. Unlike past Droids , you're not stuck with a single militaristic, black-and-red phone; you can customize the Droid Turbo 2 at Motorola's own Moto Maker website with a whole variety of finishes, from gunmetal gray with a ballistic nylon rear cover to a white handset with a leather back.. Of course, the Droid Turbo 2 isn't perfect. It's big, and pricey ($624, or $26 a month), and limited to Verizon Wireless in the United States -- with all the carrier hassles and bloatware that can entail. It's a shame, because a lot of people would benefit from a crackproof screen. It also doesn't come with the latest version of Android (6.0 Marshmallow), and while it's on the way, we're not sure when it might arrive.. And honestly, most of this Droid's best qualities aren't unusual for a phone this size and price. If you aren't worried about dropping phones, you should really consider the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 , which boasts similar performance, better battery life, a fingerprint reader and a larger, more vibrant screen. Or the Google Nexus 6P , if you simply want a powerful phone that saves you some money.. But if you want a phone with a practically indestructible screen, keep on reading.. Up close with Motorola's shatterproof Droid Turbo 2 (pictures). The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is a Verizon Wireless exclusive in the United States--though a practically identical phone, the Moto X Force , will ship globally later this year.. In the US, you can buy the phone either direct from Verizon or through Motorola's Moto Maker website. Either way, you're looking at an upfront payment of $624 (or $26 a month for 24 months) for the basic version with 32GB of storage, or $720 (or $30 a month for 24 months) if you want 64GB of storage instead.. If you design your phone at Moto Maker, you optionally add a pebbled leather back for an extra $24. The 64GB version also comes with a "design refresh," which lets you trade in your phone for a new design of your choice within two years of purchase.. In the UK, the Moto X. Force will ship this November for £499. We don't have pricing or availability for Australia yet.. Lesser phones would crack after suffering a drop like this.. A screen that doesn't crack when you drop it. It seems too good to be true. But the Droid Turbo 2's shatterproof screen really is shatterproof. It's not just some marketing baloney: we put it to the test. I've dropped this phone dozens of times onto hard surfaces. We threw it off a tall ladder.. Each time, the screen survived without so much as a tiny fracture.. So we decided to do some nastier things -- like dropping giant metal toolboxes on the phone. Running it over with a vehicle. Even when we put a nasty bend in the handset (we thought for sure it would break) the screen barely seemed to notice. We had to drop a sharp, heavy metal construction tool onto the screen before it saw its very first crack -- and the phone still worked after.. That doesn't mean the Droid Turbo 2 is completely indestructible, though. Even though the screen stood up to a nasty beating, the rest of the phone can still take damage. Repeated drops onto rough stones left all sorts of dents and dings. We cracked the metal rim right near the Micro-USB charging port, too. And when we tried to puncture the screen, we actually wound up piercing the battery and setting the phone on fire. ( Don't try this at home. In short, you might still want a case if you drop your phone on the regular.. And you also shouldn't expect to get the Droid Turbo 2's durability without a few trade-offs. While that screen takes drops like a champ, the protection comes with a cost: instead of your typical big, bright, beautiful glass screen that resists scratches and scuffs, the Droid Turbo 2 actually has a smaller plastic screen with a built-in, factory-equipped screen protector that I found would attract lint and dust.. Other phones around this size have bigger screens, but the Turbo 2's display still looks great.. Honestly, it's still a pretty great screen, and I doubt you'll even notice the difference in optical quality between the glass screens you're probably used to, and this plastic one. The 5.4-inch quad-HD AMOLED screen is crisp and colorful, and even if it's not the equal of the gorgeous panels you'd find on a Samsung Galaxy smartphone, it does the job beautifully. Both in terms of size and optical quality, it's more than enough screen for me.. But I have to admit, it's weird to need a screen protector again. I'd really gotten used to modern smartphones with Gorilla Glass screens, which are extremely scratch resistant and super-easy to clean. Now, I'm back to a phone where my fingerprint smudges show up much more readily. I've already put a few noticeable scratches in the screen protector without even trying, and I can see it's a component I'll eventually need to replace. (Motorola will sell replacement protectors for $30.) Oh, and I wouldn't recommend that you remove the screen protector -- it's dreadfully easy to scratch the plastic display underneath.. For many, the screen protector won't be a huge deal, particularly if they need the durability the Droid Turbo 2's screen offers. I just want you to know that the screen comes with some trade-offs.. Multiple bevels on the Turbo 2's metal edges make it easy to grip.. I wasn't a big fan of the Moto X Pure Edition , released earlier this year. Why do I bring that up? The Droid Turbo 2 is an alternate reality version of the same phone. It's a streamlined, turbocharged, ruggedized Moto X designed around the new shatterproof screen. Only it feels way better too, if you ask me.. At first, the Turbo 2 and Pure look much the same -- the same as any of Motorola's recent handsets, to be honest. Both have a solid metal ring around the edge of the phone, a Micro-USB port at the bottom, a headphone jack up top, and a nice ridged metal power button and volume rocker on the right edge of the handset.. But where the Pure's tall, smooth, rounded frame could feel a little unwieldy, the Turbo 2's distinctive beveled edges and flatter back fit far easier into my hands. They look sleeker, too, if you ask me, and I like the way the phone's camera module and fingerprint divot are flush with the phone's back. Those components tended to jut up awkwardly in previous Motorola handsets.. And though I'd never call the Turbo 2 a beautiful phone, the array of different materials you can choose from at the Moto Maker website can make it a pretty handsome one. We tried a few, and I'm particularly partial to the optional black pebbled leather back with the silver rim. I can't say I'm a big fan of Turbo 2 designs with the white front, though. Not only can you see all the ugly little sensors jutting through the front of the casing -- on the black version, they're hidden opaquely underneath -- but the white design really serves to highlight how small the screen is compared to the phone's casing. The new shatterproof screen is notably smaller than the one in the Moto X Pure, and it makes the Turbo's bezels look pretty big. I also don't like the way dirt can easily get trapped in the cracks of the rubber rear panels.. Speaking of trade-offs Motorola made to fit that shatterproof display, here's one more: unlike other top-tier Motorola phones, the Droid Turbo 2 has a single front-facing speaker instead of twin stereo speakers. At least it's nice and loud! I definitely didn't mind watching TV shows with the single speaker, even if I prefer stereo.. You also won't find a fingerprint reader to help you securely log into the phone.. Unlike the new Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X , the Motorola Droid Turbo 2 doesn't come with the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, and we don't know when that will change. While Motorola tells us it's working as fast as possible, history has shown that Verizon phones can take a long time to get updates.. Yet I don't think I'd let that stop me if I needed a new phone today. For one thing, Android Marshmallow simply doesn't add a whole lot of extremely desirable features. But for another, the software load that ships on the Droid Turbo 2 is one of the most unobjectionable sets of phone makers' custom software that I've seen in a while.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Droid Turbo 2. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700). HSPA, LTE-A Cat4 150/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 149.9 x 78 x 9.2 mm (5.90 x 3.07 x 0.36 in). 5.4 inches, 81.6 cm 2 (~69.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~540 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 21 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Black/Soft-Grip, Black/Pebble Leather, Gray/Ballistic Nylon, Winter White/Soft-Grip. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - user opinions and reviews. interesting comment am in Nigeria and I need a site where i can buy Moto X4 any idea please. Thank you for the validation, and I hope you get to upgrade your phone very soon!. Have it for 2 years now. I am looking to buy another one if i'll find a new one at a good price. Battery never lets you down with an average of 35-48 h giving it a good use.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto E4 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Motorola’s Droid Turbo 2 may be shatterproof, but its design drops the ball. The Droid Turbo 2 is the most durable phone on the market.. The Droid Turbo 2 is the most durable phone on the market.. The Droid Turbo 2 is the most durable phone on the market.. A bland design that blends in. Although it’s shatterproof, the Droid Turbo 2 isn’t a rugged phone. It’s meant to survive typical accidental falls. That means drops from about 6 feet in height, not from tall buildings. However, it still did okay when the guys from Unlock River dropped from 900 feet onto concrete , which is impressive. Sure, the screen was banged up upon impact, but it still powered on and the screen itself was not shattered at all. You can’t slam a hammer on it repeatedly or drive over it and expect it to survive without some injuries. Thankfully those kinds of incidents rarely happen by accident.. Blazing fast performance and a decent display. The 21-megapixel-rear camera is the same one found on the Moto X Pure Edition, which means that it’s going to do a very good job when there’s a lot of light, but it can be inconsistent in low light shots. I found that most low-light shots were decent, but sometimes the image was oversaturated and/or had too much noise. Optical image stabilization (OIS) would have helped, but Verizon and Motorola decided to leave it out in favor of the shatterproof display.. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Verizon’s Motorola Droid series rarely gets the same media attention as other Android phones like Samsung’s Galaxy S series or Google’s Nexus line, but it has been one of the more groundbreaking series of phones ever. The Droid DNA was the first phone to feature a 1080p (1920 x 1080 pixel) display and the Droid Razr Maxx was the first phone to feature 24 hours of battery life.. Now Verizon and Motorola are at it again with the Droid Turbo 2. This phone has all the top-of-the-line specs that you would expect, but it also has one feature never seen before on any other phone: a shatterproof display. technology is guaranteed not to crack or shatter for up to two years.. If you cruise around YouTube , you’ll find plenty of people stress testing the phone by running it over with their cars, dropping it from 900 feet , and throwing it around.. It may be nearly indestructible, but is the Droid Turbo as good as it’s all cracked up to be?. We typically praise Motorola’s phones for their fantastic build quality and workmanship. However, that’s not going to be the case with the Droid Turbo 2. It’s a solid and well-built phone, but it doesn’t have a flagship presence or a flashy design. It has a plain Jane look that won’t have anyone swooning over it.. My biggest complaint is that it looks too much like the mid-range Droid Maxx 2 , which is a no frills phone, too. There are a few clear differences like the metal frame, but it’s not enough to differentiate the two stylistically.. The back panel on the Turbo 2 has a similar etched pattern, along with the same rubberized soft feel as the Maxx 2. It provided a good grip on the Maxx 2, but not so much on the Turbo 2. The Turbo 2 isn’t rounded on the back like the Maxx 2 is. Instead, it’s more flat, and only the edges are rounded. The idea was to keep the phone fairly thin, while supporting a larger battery at the same time. The result is the edges are now the focal point when holding the device, and they are more slippery.. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Compared To. The aforementioned frame around the body is made of aluminum instead of the plastic faux metal on the Maxx 2, but the two phones look nearly identical.. The front of the Turbo 2 is far from attractive with the speakers at the bottom, and the front-facing camera, front-facing flash, and other sensors at the top. Placing the stereo speakers at the bottom on the front of the phone is a shame. Most manufacturers place one at the top and one at the bottom. That layout is usually better for watching videos in landscape mode since it offers better separation of the sound. We found the overall sound to be okay, but it’s inferior to HTC’s BoomSound.. The black version of the phone looks better, but our white review unit feels cheapo.. We won’t get into the fact that the old Verizon logo is right smack in the middle of the speakers at the bottom. The black version of the phone looks better, but our white review unit feels cheapo.. On the plus side, the Droid Turbo 2 is the first Droid that you can customize through Moto Maker just like you can with the Moto X Pure Edition. Motorola is also offering a “Design Refresh” if you purchase the 64GB version before December 31, 2015. With Design Refresh, you can order a completely different design at any time within two years of your purchase date. If customization isn’t your thing, you can still opt for basic versions found at Verizon stores and online. These include Black Soft-Grip, Black-Pebble Leather, Gray Ballistic Nylon, and Winter White Soft-Grip (our review unit).. The Droid Turbo 2 is rather thick at 9.2mm, but it has one of the biggest batteries in the business. Most manufacturers continue to push the envelope on thinness, but it’s okay to be a little thicker in an effort to provide extended battery life.. Even though the Turbo 2 has a slightly smaller screen than the Maxx 2 (5.4 vs 5.5-inches), it actually has a bigger footprint. The Turbo 2 comes in at 149.8 x 78.0mm, while the smaller Maxx 2 is 148.0 x 75mm. The extra length is obviously due to the stereo speakers at the bottom, but it’s unclear why it’s wider.. The Droid Turbo 2 is very durable thanks to the ShatterShield display, but it doesn’t feel as premium as the iPhone 6S , Galaxy S6 , or the Nexus 6P. However, a shatterproof display might prove to be more important than looks.. The highlight of the Droid Turbo 2 has to be its shatterproof display, or as Motorola calls it, ShatterShield. You can read more about ShatterShield technology here , but in a nutshell, the display consists of four layers for complete protection.. Never having to worry about cracking your display is what I call peace of mind.. The rest of the phone is as precious as any other. You will still need a case to protect the body from getting dinged up from those accidental falls or the keys in your pocket.. We dropped our review unit from no more than 6 feet high at least 50 times on various surfaces such as wood floors and pavement. The glass is the same as when it was removed from the box, which is remarkable and something we never thought possible.. Never having to worry about cracking your display is what I call peace of mind.. When it comes to performance, the Droid Turbo 2 is as good as any flagship phone. The octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and 3GB of RAM provide the kind of speed that lives up to the phone’s Turbo name. After using the Nexus 6P for the two weeks prior to receiving the Turbo 2, I was shocked that I didn’t notice a difference. It’s as buttery smooth as any other high-end phone.. Its spec sheet is very similar to that of the 6P, Samsung’s Galaxy S6, the LG G4, and most of the other flagship phones released this year. In fact, the Snapdragon 810 is a newer processor than the 808 found in the G4, Moto X Style Pure Edition, and LG V10. On paper, the Turbo 2 is a flagship.. The Droid Turbo 2 also sports a 5.4-inch P-OLED Quad HD display that equates to a resolution of 2,560 x 1,440 pixels. Quad HD is overkill for most people, but it provides a very crisp display. You might find that it’s slightly oversaturated, but the colors are more than adequate and the viewing angles are fantastic.. What’s interesting about the Droid Turbo 2 is that its 3,760mAh battery is bigger than the Droid Maxx 2’s 3,630mAh battery. However, the Turbo 2’s battery life isn’t as good. Both phones are rated at 48 hours, but the Turbo 2’s battery has to power a higher resolution display.. With that said, the it’s no slouch. We conducted our video rundown test, in which we leave the display at 67 percent brightness while the phone is connected to 4G LTE (not Wi-Fi), it lasted 9 hours and 20 minutes. The Maxx 2 lasted just over 11 hours in the same test.. I always had at least 50 percent left after a busy day at the office with about 30 percent left at bedtime.. The good news is that you will easily get through an entire day, and then some. I found that I always had at least 50 percent left after a busy day at the office with about 30 percent left at bedtime. You won’t get 48 hours out of the Turbo 2, but 24 to 30 hours is a dream when compared to most other phones. This year’s flagships suffered from short battery life. Whether we tested the Galaxy S6, Nexus 6P, or LG G4, the battery didn’t last past a day of use.. Just like the Droid Maxx 2, the Turbo 2 offers quick charging, or as Motorola calls it, Turbo Power. By using the charger that comes in the box, or any other Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. charger, you will be able to rapidly charge the phone. It only takes about 20 minutes to go from 0 to 25 percent, and depending on your use case, that could mean 7 to 10 hours of life. You can also go from 0 to 100 percent in about 2 hours, which is very good when you consider the size of the battery.. The Turbo 2 adds wireless charging, which the Droid Maxx 2 lacks. You can use either Qi or PMA mats, so whatever you already own will be compatible. Wireless charging is convenient, but we only recommend using it while sleeping since the charging rate is a lot slower than using the Turbo Power charger.. Motorola has drastically improved in the camera department, but the company still trails Apple and Samsung. However, the gap is much smaller than it was a couple of years ago.. The Droid Turbo 2 might not have the best camera on a smartphone, but it’s by far the best from Motorola.. The camera interface is the same as what you will find on past Motorola phones, which is as simple as it gets. You can tap anywhere you want on the display to capture shots, and the controls are limited. Motorola does offer a slide-to-focus option that includes the ability to adjust the exposure. You will get better consistency in low light shots if you utilize this option.. The 5-megapixel front facing camera gets the benefit of its own flash, which does help those low light selfies.. You can record 4K video at 30 frames per second, but the default is 1080p at 60 frames per second. You can also record in slow motion or HDR. Video recording quality is very good and on par with other flagship phones.. The Droid Turbo 2 might not have the best camera on a smartphone, but it’s by far the best from Motorola, and we were quite impressed.. While most manufacturers muck up Android with crazy user interfaces and apps that are gimmicky, Motorola keeps the Android interface intact while offering useful apps that make everyday life better.. Unfortunately, the phone launched with Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, but the promised Marshmallow update is on the way.. You will find all the cool Motorola apps we have become accustomed to over the past few years.. You will find all the cool Motorola apps we have become accustomed to over the past few years. These include Voice, Display, Assist, Actions, Droid Zap, and a new one called Loop.. Voice allows you to speak to your phone at anytime (even when asleep) to ask a question or initiate a command. You can use Voice to set reminders, send texts, search Google, start playing a song, and so much more.. Display will show your notifications without turning on the full display. You can also tap on each notification to get more information such as the contents of an email or text. Display is not only a convenient way to find out what’s been going on since you last used the phone, it also increases the battery life because the display is only partially lit.. Assist allows you to set certain actions for particular activities or places. For example, you can set the phone to read your text messages when you’re driving or silence notifications when you’re in a meeting (based on your calendar).. Actions are quick gestures to open apps faster. Just like on the Droid Maxx 2, you can double twist the phone to open the camera app and lift the phone to your ear to say a command and hear a discreet reply, but the Turbo 2 adds more Actions since it has more processing power. You can wave your hand over the screen to show your notifications (Display feature) and move your hand in a karate chop motion to turn on the flashlight.. Droid Zap has been a Verizon exclusive for a number of years. It allows you to share photos with nearby friends so it’s perfect for parties and events. Originally, everyone had to own a Droid phone in order to participate, but the app is now available on all Android devices, as well as iOS.. Loop is brand new for 2015, and it appears to be another Verizon exclusive. It’s a location-sharing app that’s perfect for families. All members of the family will be able to see where everyone is and notifications can be sent when someone arrives at chosen locations. For example, you can get notified when your child arrives at school and at home. Loop also takes things a step further by giving you the ability to automatically control Philips Hue lights and a Nest thermostat based on your location. Family members aren’t required to use a Droid Turbo 2 or Maxx 2, only the person who sets up the family.. The software on the Turbo 2 is a wonderful experience. The only downside is the tremendous amount of bloatware that Verizon requires to be pre-installed on the phone. These are the apps that you will probably never use. The good news is that you will be able to uninstall or disable most of them.. The Droid Turbo 2 seems to have it all: a nice display, blazing speed, great battery life, a near stock Android experience, useful apps, a decent camera, and a shatterproof display. Seems like a worthy flagship right?. However, there seems to be something missing. The Droid Turbo 2 has all the features you could want in a $600-plus flagship, but it doesn’t feel like one. The phone does sport a metal frame, but it looks too much like the Droid Maxx 2, which costs $240 less. Similarly priced flagship phones such as the iPhone 6S , Galaxy S6 , and. all have a higher quality design to match their price points.. The good news for the Droid Turbo 2 is the design might not be the best selling point for consumers. What the Droid Turbo 2 lacks in design, it more than makes up for it with powerful specs and a shatterproof display. That is something that no other phone, flagship or otherwise, can offer.. With that said, the Nexus 6P appears to be a better buy if you can live without the shatterproof display. It has similar specs, but the all-metal body is nicer, the camera is better, the display is bigger, and you will always have the most current version of Android. The only stickler is the shatterproof display, but you can make up for some of that by paying $90 for Nexus Protect.. Up your game and the get the most out of your gear with the following extras, hand-picked by our editors:. soundbot PowerBot wireless charger ($10). Pleson Droid Turbo 2 case ($8). Aukey Quick Charge 2.0 car charger ($10). One the other hand, if you’re more of a casual user and don’t require the best of the best, the Droid Maxx 2. You will save $240 and the downgrade in performance and display won’t be noticeable. Plus, you will get up to 48 hours of battery life.. The Droid Turbo 2 is no different than any other phone. It has its pluses and minuses. In this case, there are more pluses, but you have to decide what’s important to you. If you drop your phone often, it’s a no-brainer — Get the Droid Turbo 2.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (67). Click to read the full review. Based on 14 User reviews. Extremely high pixel density screen (540 ppi). The Motorola DROID Turbo 2 is a high-end Android beast available exclusively on Verizon's network. One of its stand-out features is the display, protected by Motorola's ShatterShield technology, making it highly resistant to cracking. Plus, the Turbo 2 is the first DROID eligible for the Moto Maker treatment, allowing one to choose between various materials and color combinations prior to ordering their personalized handset. Hardware specs include a Snapdragon 810 SoC with 3GB of RAM and 32 or 64 GB of storage, plus a microSD card for storage expansion. The main camera provides 21MP of resolution and promises good low-light performance, while the 5MP front cam should snap pretty selfies. And with a 3760mAh battery with quick charging, the DROID Turbo 2 endures through a couple of days of regular use.. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 vs Samsung Galaxy S6 Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Review Motorola DROID Turbo 2 manual Motorola DROID Turbo 2 benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.90 x 3.07 x 0.36 inches (149.8 x 78 x 9.2 mm). Weight: 5.96 oz (169 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.4 inches. Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: ShatterShield, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 27 Oct 2015. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 720. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Motorola Moto X Force , Motorola XT1580. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Motorola Moto X Force (XT1580). UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 12, 17, 28, 20, 5, 8, 4, 3, 2, 25, 1, 7. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola DROID Turbo 2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition. Moto X Force receives Android Nougat update. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 receives OTA update to Android 7.0. Deal: Best Buy sells the Motorola DROID Turbo 2 for only $312, buyers get $200 gift card too. Nougat update delayed until May for Moto X Style, X Play, X Pure and X Force in Germany. Android Nougat update for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (aka Moto X Force) certified by Bluetooth SIG. This epic Motorola DROID Turbo 3 concept has us wishing it was real. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola droid turbo 2. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola droid turbo 2. Save motorola droid turbo 2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola droid turbo 2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone + Otterbox w/Holster. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB (Verizon/Unloc ked) Excellent, Good Fair Etc. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Gold/Black Leather (Verizon) Clean ESN - GOOD. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Silver- Black (Verizon) Smartphone Grade C unlocked. 5 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone A+. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB Verizon w 2 wireless charging stations T1585. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB White Soft Grip Verizon Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - White Soft Grip (Unlocked) Smartphone. MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 (32GB) WHITE SMARTPHONE WITH ACCESSORIES VERIZON T1585. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon +GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone Black. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK GREAT. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). Motorola DROID TURBO 2 XT1585 & TURBO XT1254 32GB Verizon/Unlock ed Smartphones. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - White Soft Grip (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Or White Verizon Burn Image B Very Good. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone 32GB Gray. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 -32GB Black (Verizon) Unlocked Great Condition. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). 5 new & refurbished from $24.95. New 3900mAh Battery For Motorola Droid Turbo Verizon XT1254 XT1225 SN5949N EQ40. Droid Turbo 2 Case, Cellularvilla [Stand Feature] [Card Slots] Premium Pu... Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Smartphone Ballistic Grey/Orange - Verizon. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo2 32GB, Soft Black (Certified Refurbished). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Grey Ballistic Nylon (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Cell Phone Black (Verizon Wireless) New. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585EE 32GB Black! Verizon + GSM Unlocked!. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black Verizon Wireless. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB Black XT1585 *Android* Verizon FAIR 819625. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB - Metallic Black (Verizon) Unlocked. 5 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 r(Verizon)Unlo cked Smartphone Cell Phone 32GB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone WHITE GREAT. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Leather (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. New Original OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Motorola Droid Turbo. ArmorSuit MilitaryShield - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Screen Protector... Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone-Goo d Condition-O932 1. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK *GOOD*. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK *GOOD*. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. New in Box Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32/64GB Unlocked Verizon Smartphone. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Leather (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY *FAIR*. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Unlocked Verizon Smartphone 32GB 21MP Gray. 14 new & refurbished from $89.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone WHITE *FAIR*. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK GREAT. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone WHITE GOOD. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK GREAT. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G371. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY *GOOD*. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Verizon 32GB Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB Black (Verizon) ESN Clear Good Condition. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 c(Verizon)Unlo cked Smartphone Cell Phone 32GB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Battery Door Cover back For Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1581 XT1585 X Force Red. For Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Kinzie XT1585 Hybrid Armor Kickstand Case Cover. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. USA SELLER– 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED- FAST SHIPPING. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. USA SELLER– 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED- FAST SHIPPING. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 2YEARS MONEY BACK GUARANTEE, EXTRA 10%OFF BUY 2 OR MORE. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Many Custom Colors to Choose. Customs services and international tracking provided. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed or Money Back. Customs services and international tracking provided. 7.5 - 8.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 7.5 - 8.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. 5 - 7/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 5 - 7/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 7.5 - 8.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 7.5 - 8.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Many Custom Colors to Choose. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is now officially official, and that means the Droid Turbo 2 specs are, too. The short version is that you're basically looking at the innards of this year's Moto X Play, with a beefed-up battery and some serious screen protection. It comes in a number of predetermined colors and materials, but you'll be able to customize it through Moto Maker as well.. Here are the full Motorola Droid Turbo 2 specs:. Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (MSM8994) with Adreno 430 GPU, Natural Language Processor, Contextual Computing Processor. 5.4-inch POLED Quad HD (1440x2560) 540 ppi. 3760 mAh, with Qi and Powermat wireless charging. 21MP, f/2.0 aperture, phase-detect autofocus, dual-LED flash, 4K video @ 30fps. 5MP, f/2.0 aperture, wide-angle lens, 1.4um pixel. 149.8 x 78 x 7.6-9.2 mm. CDMA (850/1900); GSM/GPRS/EDGE (850/900/1800/1900); UMTS/HSPA+(850/900/1900/2100); LTE (B2/3/4/5/7/13). Black & white soft grip, gray ballistic nylon, black pebbled leather, Moto Maker. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Forums Shop Toggle Search. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Google+ Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram RSS Tip us on news!. Are you switching to the S9/S9+? 767 Note8 vs S9+ 725 Features for Note 8 Oreo 692 Best weather radar on androud 631 Note 8 or S9+ 607 Don't you hate how narrow phones are getting?Galaxy s7 edge vs s8 comparison 420. Forum Motorola Android Phones Motorola Droid Turbo 2. News, help and discussion of the Motorola Droid Turbo 2.. 1 2 3 ... You can order a replacement Moto Shattershield Lens from Motorola. Post pictures taken with your DROID TURBO 2 here. last post by Jason Orton. DROID TURBO 2: Share Your Moto Maker Design. music volume increases on it's own. last post by Lucy Davies. Phone shut off at 17% is the battery failing?. last post by Lucy Davies. Yahoo app notifications are blank circles on lock screen Android 7.0. Yahoo app notifications are blank circles on lock screen Android 7.0. Missing phone widget on home screen! How can I get it back?. last post by Raymond Dunning. last post by Lucy Davies. Unable to configure OK Google voice detection (Droid Turbo 2). What does this mean & how do I get rid of it?. Why does my phone ring when im on a call?. Boosting your charge no longer appears after Nougat update. No voice directions unless I disable Bluetooth. Texted picture and video stay at Sent & never deliver to recipients?. How to get Droid Turbo 2 to read incoming texts and respond to texts with voice commands?. Several recent issues with Droid turbo 2: missing keyboard, closing apps, links not opening, etc.. How to lower the vibration intensity on a droid turbo 2 ?. last post by Javier P. last post by BA M. Where is all my storage space? Need help please!. last post by Lucy Davies. Got a Moto Z Force Droid for my design refresh.. How can I load my SD card from my computer?. Wow! 30+ hours after $70 battery replacement in local shop. Bluetooth no longer automatically connects after update. last post by Lucy Davies. last post by Lucy Davies. Droid Turbo 2 extremely slow charging. last post by E Dolehide. 1 2 3 ... Forum Motorola Android Phones Motorola Droid Turbo 2. Last Day Last 2 Days Last Week Last 10 Days Last 2 Weeks Last Month Last 45 Days Last 2 Months Last 75 Days Last 100 Days Last Year Beginning. Use this control to limit the display of threads to those newer than the specified time frame.. Sort threads by: Thread Title Last Post Time Thread Start Time Number of Replies Number of Views Thread Starter Thread Rating. Allows you to choose the data by which the thread list will be sorted.. Ascending Order Descending Order. Note: when sorting by date, 'descending order' will show the newest results first.. Contact Us Android Forums at AndroidCentral.com Top. The time now is 04:42 AM .. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. Mobile Nations 500M. Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors Droid Turbo 2 Cases. Showing 40 of 922619 results that match your query.. Product - OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Black. OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Black. Product - Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Case, Encased (SlimShield Series) Ultra Thin Hybrid Cover. Price List price $ 19. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Case , Encased (SlimShield Series) Ultra Thin Hybrid Cover. Product - Droid Turbo 2 Case, PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL CLEAR CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 PHONE (aka MOTO X FORCE) XT1580 XT1585. Price List price $ 8. Droid Turbo 2 Case , PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL CLEAR CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 PHONE (aka MOTO X FORCE) XT1580 XT1585. Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black (EVO-MOTXT1585-AB201). Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black (EVO-MOTXT1585-AB201). Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Moto X Force Case | Kinzie Bounce Case, Slim Hybrid Dual Layer Armor[Shock Resistant] Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2/Moto X Force/Kinzie Bounce - Rainbow Flower. 09 - $ 9. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Moto X Force Case | Kinzie Bounce Case , Slim Hybrid Dual Layer Armor[Shock Resistant] Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2/Moto X Force/Kinzie Bounce - Rainbow Flower. Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel [Lightweight] [Slim Profile] [Dual Layer] [Smooth Finish] [Raised Lip] Armure Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel [Lightweight] [Slim Profile] [Dual Layer] [Smooth Finish] [Raised Lip] Armure Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Blue Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Blue Camouflage. Product - Belt Clip Holster for LifeProof FRE Case - Droid Turbo 2 (By Encased) (case is not included). Price List price $ 24. Belt Clip Holster for LifeProof FRE Case - Droid Turbo 2 (By En case d) ( case is not included). Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Heavenly Stars. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Heavenly Stars. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Motorcycle in Flames. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Motorcycle in Flames. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Pink Deer Stag. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Pink Deer Stag. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Shockproof Impact Hard Soft Case Cover Great Lakes Michigan (Light Blue-Hot Pink). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Shockproof Impact Hard Soft Case Cover Great Lakes Michigan (Light Blue-Hot Pink). Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Big Game Bass. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Big Game Bass. Product - Incipio Octane Impact Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Frost Blue. Price List price $ 19. Incipio Octane Impact Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Frost Blue. Product - Hybrid Anchor on Chevron Crystal Diamond for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Ultra Shock Proof Lightweight Case Drop Protective TPU+PC Bling Case Shock Absorb Enhanced Bumper Dual Layer Designer Rhineston. Price List price $ 24. Hybrid Anchor on Chevron Crystal Diamond for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Ultra Shock Proof Lightweight Case Drop Protective TPU+PC Bling Case Shock Absorb Enhanced Bumper Dual Layer Designer Rhineston. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Tron Gun. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Tron Gun. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Product - OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Cool Melon. OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Cool Melon. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Gray Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Gray Camouflage. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Heavenly Stars. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Heavenly Stars. Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel [Folio Case] [Flip Open] [Kickstand] [Canvas Material] [Magnetic Closure] Folio Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel [Folio Case ] [Flip Open] [Kickstand] [Canvas Material] [Magnetic Closure] Folio Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Flower Skull. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Flower Skull. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bullet Holes. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bullet Holes. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Demon Skull. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Demon Skull. Product - Incipio DualPro Two Piece Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Pink. Incipio DualPro Two Piece Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Pink. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Orange Flower Skull. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Orange Flower Skull. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Green Digital Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Green Digital Camouflage. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Army Camo. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Army Camo. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Gun on Blue Camo. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Gun on Blue Camo. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Pink Deer Stag. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Pink Deer Stag. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Brown Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Brown Camouflage. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Nature's Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Nature's Camouflage. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Red Mamba Dunk. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Red Mamba Dunk. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blazing Soccer Ball. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blazing Soccer Ball. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Green Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Green Camouflage. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Vintage Gas Sign. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Vintage Gas Sign. Product - TUDIA Ultra Slim Full-Matte ARCH TPU Bumper Protective Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (Verizon) / Moto X Force (2015). TUDIA Ultra Slim Full-Matte ARCH TPU Bumper Protective Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (Verizon) / Moto X Force (2015). Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Black. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Black. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 23066 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-184515561, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery and Conclusion. posted by John V.. Verizon - Verizon + Motorola - Motorola + Android - Android +. 4 Call Quality, Battery and Conclusion. Introduction Motorola is on a roll, there’s no doubting that undeniable fact. Unlike the Motorola of the past, which spewed several new handsets throughout the year, today’s Motorola, now a Lenovo company, has more of a defined portfolio consisting of quality devices that pack substance. Now, it wouldn’t be Motorola-like without its prized DROID line for Verizon Wireless. Needless to say, it’s a longstanding relationship between the two companies. Last year, the DROID Turbo impressed many folks not only for its better specs sheet than the 2014 Moto X , but it also proved to the critics that today’s high-end phones are still capable of delivering long-lasting battery life. Back for round two, its successor in the aptly named DROID Turbo 2 hopes to continue the trend – while also being greeted with the usual array of improvements and upgrades. With this year’s model, however, it tacks on one peculiar quality that’s lacking in many of today’s premium devices. That, folks, is none other than sporting an impenetrable design that can withstand the pitfalls that we sometimes encounter in our lives. The package contains: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Turbo charger Quick start guide Safety & warranty information SIM removal tool Design Its rugged-like construction is complemented by its highly customizable design via Moto Maker. Aesthetically, the DROID Turbo 2 has less of an aggressive design than its predecessor. That’s not a bad thing per se, seeing that its slimmer footprint makes it vastly easier to handle than say, the Moto X Pure Edition. While it shares some of the design aesthetics of Motorola’s prized darling, the DROID Turbo 2 favors a design with a more subtle arch to its casing – complemented by a thicker metal trim bezel. From afar, it’s distinctively boasting many of the design characteristics of the Moto X Pure Edition, like the metal plate that’s encompassing the Motorola logo and camera lens on the back, but the “DROID” name plastered on the back makes it unmistakable. Our particular unit is a white DROID Turbo 2 with an embossed triangle pattern stitched across its casing that emphasizes texture. There’s definitely a subtle plastic feel to the entire thing, but more importantly, it helps in giving it a clean finish that doesn’t show any fingerprints or smudges. Going with this particular setup is crucial, as the materials employed here all help to give the DROID Turbo 2 its increased durability – where it’s able to absorb shocks due to drops, without fear of the phone’s construction being compromised. While the design is slightly subdued over last year’s aggressive styling, the DROID Turbo 2 benefits by offering more customization with its design via Moto Maker. Similar to the Moto X Pure Edition, you can design the DROID Turbo 2 to your liking – choosing the kind of materials, colors, and even engraving. Besides the soft grip body casing, you can opt to go with a ballistic nylon or pebbled leather finish, giving it a more sophisticated look and feel. This alone boosts its design tremendously, whereby very few phones have this level of customization. Motorola’s modern design DNA is obviously well-intact with the DROID Turbo 2, but it does see one specific difference to the Moto X Pure Edition in the form of built-in wireless charging, which is an added treat for this DROID. Besides that, it pretty much follows after the Moto X Pure edition, which shouldn’t be surprising at all. For example, they’ve also fashioned a handy LED flash with the front-facing camera, ensuring that faces are properly exposed in the dimmest of lighting conditions. Also similar, the camera setup in the back with its dual-tone LED flash and the recessed Motorola nub. Rugged designs are one thing, being waterproof is totally another. Prior to its official announcement, we were teased by the prospect of it being waterproof. Alas, that’s not quite the case , since it offers the same level of water resistance as its predecessor, thanks to its advanced nano-coating technology. More than capable of enduring minor accidental spills, or usage under light rain, it’s not intended to survive complete submersion. Still, we’ll take its level of water resistance. Display You’ll never have to worry about dropping your phone thanks to the ShatterShield display. The biggest attraction in the DROID Turbo 2's 5.4” QHD screen is the new ShatterShield technology. With it, it's like buying a smartphone with a flawless screen protector pre-installed! But, more importantly, it's the mark of plastic OLED technology finally coming together to offer smartphone users peace of mind. How so? Simply put, there is no glass on this thing, although it's pretty hard to tell! The DROID Turbo 2 display assembly is split in five layers, engineered for maximum durability. It starts with an aluminum chassis that holds the AMOLED panel, providing structural integrity. On top of the AMOLED panel lie not one, but two touch-sensitive digitizers — if the primary one fails, the second immediately takes over. No compromises here! Moving upwards, we find an "interior lens", which is an optically transparent layer that acts as a clear protective shield. Finally, the interior lens is covered by a second, exterior protective lens with a proprietary hard coating that guards against damage. This is what your fingers end up touching as you operate the touchscreen. All of this attention might seem overkill, but it’s a necessary one that ensures it continues to work flawlessly despite being dropped. Whereas other screens can crack or shatter after a few drops, the ShatterShield display is able to endure multiple drops without incident. Even from a height of 5 feet, then coming into contact with concrete with the display impacting first, there’s no damage to it whatsoever. What about the other qualities of its display? Well, it’s typical AMOLED in the way it produces over-saturated colors, wide viewing angles, and that perfect black color. Despite its inaccuracies in the sRGB color gamut chart, the panel actually delivers a pretty good color temperature of 6849K. From the looks of it, however, the screen exhibits a yellowish tone. Recently, we’ve seen improvements made to AMOLED technology when it comes to luminance, but the DROID Turbo 2 tops out at a meager 315 nits. While that tally can be pushed to 445 nits when it’s placed on the automatic setting, where using it with the sun cranks its contrast even higher, it’s still nowhere close as potent as the Moto X Pure Edition. Nowadays, Quad-HD resolution is hardly a surprise. Motorola manages to differentiate its display here in the DROID Turbo 2 by accompanying it with a shatter-resistant screen. Trust us, it’s an invaluable thing to have, because at some point during your relationship with the phone , you’ll inevitably drop it – whether it be by accident or on purpose. Well, it's just good to know that it's ensured to survive. That alone is a quality that few phones can tout!. 5.9 x 3.07 x 0.36 inches. 149.8 x 78 x 9.2 mm. 5.65 x 2.78 x 0.27 inches. 143.4 x 70.5 x 6.8 mm. 5.86 x 3 x 0.39 inches. 148.9 x 76.1 x 9.8 mm. 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 inches. 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Compare. (Posts: 59; Member since: 24 Oct 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 05:55. Is it me or have recent PA reviews been...a little muted when it comes with the final score? Like, this review gives an overall very positive impression of the Turbo 2, very similar to the Moto X Pure one, yet it scores bellow the Moto X Pure. (Posts: 1728; Member since: 30 Jul 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:06. Pretty sure the bar is set so high from the edge+/note5/6S/6S plus that all these phones as great as they sound on paper in real life usage dont even come close. At least thats my impression of all these nice phones scoring well but not near the top ones.. (Posts: 919; Member since: 07 Jul 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:50. Like gsmarena stated, the phones like iphone 6s and galaxy s6 seem amazing in the media and on the sheet, but in reality smartphones hit a kind of plateu. The s6 even has is major drawbacks which makes it more a fashion item instead of a real powerfull smartphone (looking at the memory managment). I think that all phones of this year are just meh. S6 z5 lg g4 this moto. They all have compromises instead of everything. Z5 does come close in hardware, falls behind with design.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 09:25. in response to #11 Hide. Lol the memory management is hardly a major issue. It's actually very very very minor. The major issue is a crap 750p display and rehashed 2014 design on the 6s and touch response issues from the 3D Touch layer. Occasionally having a split second to reload an app in the recent apps menu is totally mitigated by how the GS6 is the app opening speed king when you use the app from where most people use it 99 percent of the time. Ie pressing the app icon on the home screen or App Store..... In fact, not having a close all recent apps button on the Nexus and iPhone devices probably costs you double or triple more time than that so called major drawback would in a real scientific test.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 10:21. in response to #26 Hide. Sorry, that should stay app drawer at the end if paragraph 3, not App Store. (Posts: 12; Member since: 02 Dec 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:07. I have felt the same way. It seems like only certain phones can get a decent score.. (Posts: 6; Member since: 10 Aug 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:28. Or to put it bluntly, only certaing BRANDs. Like how does this 8* phone compare to a 7* review of LG V10?. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 09:21. Price probably carries a lot of weight, of course the high price doesn't hurt the iPhone but that's just Apple playing people like fools.. (Posts: 1188; Member since: 20 Mar 2012). posted on 04 Nov 2015, 07:00. I've seen this phone in person. Definitely not a Moto X Pure alternate.. (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:33. Started with the edge plus getting lower than it should have scores and all afterwards whether it be watches, fitness bands, phones... (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:34. Forgot to add Jon V dislike for anything not apple. (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 08:04. When in doubt, always attack the messenger.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 09:29. Oh, there is no doubt where the messengers biases lie.. (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 14:03. in response to #27 Hide. is less the bias and more that he's a lousy, overly wordy writer in need of a really good copy editor.. (Posts: 902; Member since: 08 May 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 17:06. in response to #46 Hide. I said before and I'll say it again: John should NOT be the only one reviewing the big releases. (Posts: 8; Member since: 15 Oct 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:35. I used a droid turbo for a couple of days when it came out. I haven't been impressed with an android device in ages. Unfortunately it still had the problems I hate from android that made me switch to iPhone. Good to see Motorola putting out great devices. In my opinion they make the best android devices.. (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:38. Which issues did you hate? I'm curious if they are the same ones I don't like about my android.. (Posts: 1728; Member since: 30 Jul 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 07:30. I am back on android after 10 months(5.1.1) and whatsapp has crashed 2 times in 5 days, managing apps and permissions is a mess, settings is a huge mess that I needed 5 different video tutorials just to figure out basic things that on iOS I could find with few clicks using logic. None the less still this is the best android I ever had and I am really happy with it. Hoping 6.0 will fix many issues and until iPhone 7 comes out I will be happy with android. In those 10 months I have never ever had any kind of crashes from apps besides 2 times with camera. Thats in 10 months vs 5 days. I get all the great customization and features of android, and its the reason I got bored of iOS but damn was iOS stable.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 09:33. in response to #15 Hide. Lol funny how it's the complete opposite for me. Safari crashes, close, and hangs like crazy and so does the Magic the gathering game on my iPad Air 2. But my Android devices have been flawless.. (Posts: 982; Member since: 02 Sep 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 21:30. in response to #28 Hide. Chrome is a crash fest on my iPhone 6. Everyday....it crashes if you don't give it enough time to load. So sites like phone arena take atleast 10 seconds to full load die to all of their ads and pop ups. Btw I've had to type this twice due to a FC while typing.. (Posts: 2369; Member since: 18 Jul 2010). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 16:46. in response to #15 Hide. Just throwing your personal experience in there, or did you forget to switch back from a dummy account?. No offense, it just always seems odd when someone different replies to a question seemingly without skipping a beat.. (Posts: 982; Member since: 02 Sep 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 21:32. in response to #15 Hide. I laugh at your 2 times in 5 days. If chrome only crashed 2 times in 5 days I wouldn't even complain. Use chrome on IOS and see how you fair. Hahaha 2 stupid times in five days...you can't even complain right dude.. posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:46. iphone 6s scores better than galaxy s6 in Antutu(59,000vs58,000) and iphone 6s has better battery life than turbo2. Everyone knows s6 scores 70,000 in Antutu and iphone 6s has less battery life compared to pretty much any of the flagships released in the second half of the year.. (Posts: 919; Member since: 07 Jul 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:52. That is the weirdest part about PA, everybody said that the iphone 6s lacks in battery just like the 6, but it's in the top charts here?. (Posts: 1728; Member since: 30 Jul 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 07:39. In single core no phone on this planet has better performance than the 6S. Its the most important score for iOS devices. It has two of the best cores any mobile cpu can dream of. I dont need to post links just google it. Its getting really boring reading rushed posts by angry sheeps like you. And yes 6S has better battery life than 6, in some cases little in other much more. In the end it has a better battery than galaxy S6. So all in all both your points are invalid and they show why S6 has lower score on the review. Oh and http://www.anandtech.com/show/ 9686/the-apple-iphone-6s-and-iphone-6s-plus-review/8 Do look where 6S is and where S6 is.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 09:38. Um, Anandtech might try and hide things in technical jargon to appear like they are impartial and fair but they are almost as biased as the verge and iPhonearena. They do so by quickly brushing off any iPhone flaws and writing a huge paragraph of any little and minor Android flaw.. (Posts: 12; Member since: 20 Sep 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 19:25. in response to #29 Hide. Uh...the last Smartphone that got their Editors Choice Gold Award was the HTC One M7. It's really cringy that you rush to attack an iPhone as being biased when you know, deep down that this year, the 6s outperforms most Android flagships. I love Android, but the iPhone 6s/6s+ is a kickass device, and as an owner of both a 6s+ and Nexus 6, I can tell you that my overall experience has been WAY smoother on the iPhone. I was also an owner of a 6 Plus, prior to my purchase of a 6s Plus, and even as both the iPhone and the Nexus 6 aged, the iPhone was WAY more reliable!. I love Android, but it's foolhardy to dismiss the competition because you don't like the company that makes it or the OS it runs on. Legit competition is legit competition, and the iPhone 6s Plus is a great phone.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 20:12. in response to #58 Hide. What makes you think I rush to attack anything. I have a page of valid reasons why the 6s sucks ass and they are all facts.. posted on 04 Nov 2015, 00:10. i did not say iphone is bad. Nor did I say it has worse CPU. I was only talking about the benchmark score that PA posted. Use any galaxy flagship this year and all of them will score about 70,000 but, PA put it as 58,000 for the s6. Then, the battery life, iphone 6s is better than 6 and s6 but it is certainly worse than many other phones especially when compared to a phone like Droid turbo 2, which every other video reviewer has said to have very good battery life. iPhone 6s is good but PA is too much biased. EDIT: I did mention in my previous comment that the battery life is worse than the phones released in the second half of the year and obviously s6 was released before that, which makes Martin_Cooper's comparison to the s6's battery life completely invalid. He is the one who is replying because he is butthurt. I love android and ios but PA is too much biased towards iPhone.. (Posts: 279; Member since: 15 Jan 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 06:49. Another John V unbiased review ladies and gentlemen. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.4 inches, 1440 x 2560 pixels (540 ppi) AMOLED. Size 5.90 x 3.07 x 0.36 inches (149.8 x 78 x 9.2 mm). Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. Droid Turbo 2 review: What it lacks in style, it makes up for in power. The testing began with driving a car over it.. Verizon's line of Droid phones just celebrated its sixth birthday, and what better way to celebrate than by releasing the best device to ever bear the Droid title? I jokingly called Motorola's Droid Turbo 2 "a Moto X Pure on steroids," but there's no denying it packs even more power than its predecessor into a body that's built to take a beating. Throw in a battery rated for 48 hours and we should be left with a phone that will make Moto X owners rue the day they whipped out their credit cards, right? Turns out, the answer's a little more complicated.. Gallery: Droid Turbo 2 review | 21 Photos. It's not hard to look at the Droid Turbo 2 as an upgraded version of the Moto X Pure, with its more powerful components, big battery and shatterproof screen. This all sounds great, and it is... until you discover that the battery life isn't always as epic as Motorola claims and that camera performance is a mixed bag. What's more, it's unclear when the phone will receive a software update, and it's saddled with Verizon bloatware. It's still a decent choice, but we ultimately like the regular Moto X even better.. I'll be blunt: the Droid Turbo 2 ($624 and up) is pretty ugly. If you took a Moto X Pure edition and somehow sucked out most of its charm, you'd be left with this thing. The white version I've been testing is especially bland, and does nothing to hide the sensors that make tricks like Moto Display possible. Thankfully, you can do something to potentially remedy this. The Turbo 2 is the first Verizon Droid you can run through Motorola's MotoMaker customizer, with three different material choices for the back and a host of color options for the metal frame and oblong accent on the rear.. In fairness, the backside isn't bad; my test unit has a neat soft-touch plastic back with a tessellating triangle pattern and a sturdy silver metal rim around the edges. Still, some things remain annoying no matter the finish you choose. Hefty bezels encircle the 5.4-inch Quad HD screen, making the Turbo 2 feel wider than it actually is. Also, while the Turbo 2 made its official debut after Verizon's big rebranding , it still has the discontinued Verizon Wireless logo on it. Fortunately, it's only on the external lens -- Motorola's name for the thick, plastic screen protector that'll catch all those pesky scratches -- so you if you really wanted to you could peel it off.. Of course, you might disagree with me about all of this. Great! We can probably still agree that the Droid reputation hinges more on pure power than style and fortunately, the Turbo 2 has that in spades. A high-end octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 thrums away inside, paired with 3GB of LPDDR4 RAM and an Adreno 430 GPU. Since Motorola is a big fan of its contextual computing tricks (as am I), there are also two additional co-processors to help the phone monitor motion and listen for your voice commands. The combination makes for some seriously snappy (not to mention thoughtful) performance, but I'll dig into that more later.. The Turbo 2 was also blessed with extra power in the form of a hefty, if sealed, 3,760mAh battery. Sure, last year's Droid Turbo had an even bigger cell, but Motorola claims you'll be able to squeeze about two full days of usage out of this year's model. Throw in a microSD card slot to supplement the 32GB or 64GB of internal storage -- expandable up to 2TB, whenever those cards show up -- and you've got a device that ticks almost every box that power users care about. If anything, I wish Motorola had bothered to make the new Turbo waterproof just for good measure, especially considering how sturdy the phone is otherwise.. We can't talk about the Droid Turbo without talking about its "shatterproof" screen. In brief, Motorola built layers of redundant protection over a 5.4-inch OLED panel -- specifically, one layer of scratch-resistant plastic and another layer of thicker, sturdier polycarbonate. There's another touch-sensitive layer under those strata to make sure you'd still be able to use the phone if something else went awry. Thanks as well to an aluminum frame, the phone is so durable that it should be able to survive all but the most tragic of drops.. Before we go any further, you should know that I've broken maybe two phones in the past and I took it really hard both times. Ask anyone who knows me: I form unhealthy personal attachments to gadgets. Anyway, I put all that aside for two weeks so I could treat the Turbo 2 the way a careless asshole would: tossing it across the room at my desk, letting it slip out of my pocket and watching it skitter across asphalt for kicks. Normally the ultimate drop test would be giving me the Turbo after a few Manhattans, but I decided to try something even more provocative: running it over with my car. Basically, then, this "shatterproof" business really works. The rest of the phone didn't always fare as well -- its metal rim now has a few chunks missing and the screen is scratched -- but there's no question that the Turbo 2 can take a licking. Just, you know, don't get any bright ideas and toss it off your roof.. It's too bad, then, that the screen being protected is otherwise unremarkable. The high resolution (2,560 x 1,440) and 540-ppi pixel density mean your eyes won't be hurting for crispness, but the display is a touch dimmer and a lot more contrast-y than the Moto X Pure's. Consider this wallpaper : The ribbon looked magenta on the X, but appeared a lurid red on the Turbo 2. Ditto for just about every photo on Instagram; some people will adore the Turbo 2's punchy colors, but they're a little over the top for me. On the flip side, the front-facing speakers etched on either side of the aging Verizon logo aren't terrible: They pumped out some surprisingly deep (if sometimes muddy) sound and are more than enough for the occasional YouTube video or podcast.. Last year's Turbo ran a nearly stock build of Android 4.4.4 loaded up with enough Verizon bloatware to get me seeing red. Guess what happened this year? Bingo! Exactly the same, except we're working with a tweaked version of Android 5.1.1. (I'm told work on the Turbo 2's software wrapped up just as Marshmallow became available to OEMs so we're stuck waiting for an OTA update.) Anyway. All of its usual strengths and foibles (here's looking at you, notification volume controls) are back, as are Motorola's contextual computing tricks. I won't delve into them too much -- we've tested them on a few other devices already year -- but I'm still very glad to have them.. Motorola's approach to gussying up Android has always been my favorite: By mostly leaving the core OS alone, the company can instead focus on adding valuable, hardware-powered features that pick up where Android leaves off. Moto Display, for instance, works as well as it always has, which is to say you can swipe your hand over the screen to get a quick glance at the time or what notifications have rolled in. The additional contextual core baked into the chipset also means the Turbo 2 is always listening for your voice commands, and Moto Voice still goes a great job interpreting and acting on them. Does it feel a little silly talking a phone the way one would speak to a secretary? Maybe a little, but I can't argue with the results.. Gallery: Droid Turbo 2 software tour | 21 Photos. Moto isn't known for its extraneous apps, which makes the inclusion of stuff like Droid Zap a little frustrating. Zap, in case you missed it on the first Turbo, is a social sharing app. You can send images to random Zap users nearby, or set up a shared photo stream called a Zap Zone where all the photos you take are shared with Zappers you've invited. It all works as advertised and is more useful than you'd expect, but I still can't imagine many people are jumping aboard the Zap bandwagon. Loop, meanwhile, is a more passive addition. Assuming you've got other Verizon Droid owners in your family, you'll be able to see their current status, check the weather at home and even control your Nest thermostat or Philips Hue light bulbs. I own neither of those, but I did designate another Verizon phone as a Loop "roommate" and used it to see how long the Turbo 2 was sitting in my car that morning. Chalk that one up in the "surprisingly useful" column.. I wish I could say the same about the Verizon bloatware. VZ Navigator, VZ Protect, My Verizon Mobile, Message+ and Verizon's Cloud all went unused in favor of Google's own apps, though I can see additions like Amazon's Kindle app and NFL Mobile coming in handy. Ditto for the Candy Crush and Bubble Bobble clone, though really, I'd rather not have them cluttering up my apps launcher.. If you're hunting for even more similarities between the Droid Turbo 2 and the Moto X Pure edition, look no further than the camera. Both phones share a Sony-made 21-megapixel rear shooter with an f/2.0 aperture lens, and both take perfectly nice shots when the light is right. Frame things up just so and you'll even get a hint of bokeh from time to time. Most of the photos I took through my week of testing were suffused with punchy, accurate colors and plenty of detail, though the Turbo 2 still struggled to properly expose some photos when all the settings are left in Auto. We have Motorola's focus on sheer speed to thank for that -- you can crank your wrist twice to launch the camera and snap a photo in under two seconds, but you'll want to enable HDR and the movable focus/exposure bracket for the best results. Like it or not, that's about as in-depth as the camera gets; you won't find any of those fancy manual shooting modes here.. Gallery: Droid Turbo 2 camera samples | 15 Photos. Performance and battery life Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Moto X Pure Nexus 6P AndEBench Pro 10,494 9,995 9,686 7,377 Vellamo 3.2 4,942 4,564 4,401 5,105 3DMark IS Unlimited 26,014 21,316 18,474 21,847 GFXBench 3.0 1080p Manhattan Offscreen (fps) 18 25 15 25 CF-Bench (overall) 75,300 55,267 74,237 48,796 The competition Wrap-up. Too bad, since one of those might have helped the Turbo 2 in low-light situations. Dim settings are what separate photographic chumps from champs, and Moto's new Droid can't seem to decide which camp it belongs in. For every surprisingly strong low-light shot I snapped, I had one or two grainy ones that the automatic Night mode just couldn't save. Optical image stabilization would have helped Motorola take things to the next level here, but that was clearly less important than making a near-unbreakable screen.. As for that 5-megapixel front camera, my sample shots were perfectly adequate, if a touch washed out. Don't worry, though, your selfie game won't suffer much as a result -- just be judicious with how you use that front-facing flash.. Here's where the Turbo 2 makes up for its curious cosmetics and lives up to its name. Nothing I threw at it over my week of testing -- quickly leaping in and out of apps or playing games like Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger -- made the Turbo 2 hiccup. That shouldn't come as a surprise considering the top-flight silicon inside, but after being turned off by the Turbo 2's design I was taken aback by how much I appreciated it on a technical level. The one downside: You'll feel the back get warm when you're playing graphically intense games or using the hell of the GPS.. The party line is that you'll get up to 48 hours of continuous use out of the Turbo 2, but I never quite managed to achieve that. Consider my usual routine: I'd unplug the thing at about 7:30 in the morning, sift through emails, make a smattering of phone calls and play a few games over lunch, all while firing off Slack messages and listening to tracks on Spotify. After the workday ended, I'd fall into a Wikipedia rabbit hole and watch YouTube videos until conking out for the night. The Turbo 2 handled about a full day and a half of all that, generally shutting down around noon the next day.. That's not bad at all -- it's in fact a touch better than most other flagships I've tested this year -- but I was hoping that 3,760mAh battery would come a little closer to reaching the promised 48-hour mark. Similarly, the Turbo 2 didn't exactly excel in the good ol' Engadget video rundown test, where I loop an HD video indefinitely with WiFi connected and the screen brightness fixed at 50 percent. This year's Turbo lasted just under 14 hours; that's half an hour less than the original Turbo , and about on par with the Samsung Galaxy Note 5. It's one of the better batteries out there, but it's no class leader either. Fortunately, the Turbo 2 ships with one of Motorola's 25W TurboChargers -- it's a bit of a brick but it'll get your dead phone about 14 hours of life after a 15-minute charge.. You'd be hard-pressed to find another flagship that takes a beating as well as the Turbo 2 does. If you're a fan of Motorola's approach to software (aside from Verizon's bloatware), there's always the Moto X Pure ($399 and up). You'll get a cleaner design and user interface for much less money, and for some that'll be enough to offset the slightly pokier chipset and less durable screen.. Need even more power? Consider the Nexus 6P ($499 and up), the best phone Google has made yet. It too has a Snapdragon 810 chip, 3GB of RAM and an Adreno 430 GPU, along with a superior camera (don't let the lower megapixel count fool you). Don't forget those quick software updates, either: Verizon has to test and sign off on any new Android build headed for the Turbo 2, a process that tends to take ages.. If your biggest priority is battery life, the Galaxy Note 5 ($699 and up) is worth a look. It's far sleeker than the Turbo 2 and has the best screen of the bunch, along with a blazing-fast Samsung-made chip for good measure. Just know it doesn't match the Turbo when it comes to durability; I dropped one from about a foot off the ground and was rewarded with a hairline fracture across the screen and a spiderweb of cracks.. The Droid Turbo 2 has this in common with last year's model: It's still frustrating. I'm a fan of the Moto X Pure for its clean software and sleek design, but the Turbo 2 adds even more horsepower and a new body that handled all of the abuse I've hurled at it the past week. Even the Turbo's design -- which I'm clearly no fan of -- can mostly be salvaged thanks to MotoMaker. It's in many ways a much better phone than its predecessor. That alone should make it an obvious buy, right?. Sturdy or not, Verizon's bloatware is hard to ignore, the camera is outpaced by its rivals and it's just too expensive for what it is. If you've racked up a decent collection of shattered phones, the Turbo 2 offers the perfect blend of power and hardiness. But if you're just looking for high-powered Android phone, well, there are other better options that cost less.. Verizon owns Engadget's parent company, Oath (formerly AOL). Rest assured, Verizon has no control over our coverage. android , droid , droidturbo , droidturbo2 , gear , google , lenovo , mobile , mobilepostcross , motorola , review , smartphone , turbo2 , uk-reviews , verizon. Chris is Engadget's senior mobile editor and moonlights as a professional moment ruiner. His early years were spent taking apart Sega consoles and writing awful fan fiction. That passion for electronics and words would eventually lead him to covering startups of all stripes at TechCrunch. The first phone he ever swooned over was the Nokia 7610, because man, those curves.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 192 results for "motorola droid turbo 2". Certified Refurbished products have been refurbished to work and look like-new, and are backed by a warranty. See all results for motorola droid turbo 2 .. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. $89.99 (27 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585, 32GB - Gray - (Verizon Wireless) Clean ESN. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Grey Color Shatterproof Display Verizon. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Verizon 32GB Nylon Grey. Motorola DROID Turbo, Black Ballistic Nylon 64GB (Verizon Wireless). Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 - 32GB Verizon (Certified Refurbished) (Black). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features Camera: 21 MP, f/ 2.0 , phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB - Black Leather (Verizon Wireless). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The Droid Turbo 2 lasts up to two full days on .... Motorola TurboPower 25 Micro-USB Wall Charger / OEM for Droid Turbo 2, MAXX 2. $12.99 (6 used &amp new offers). Compatible with Motorola Droid Turbo ,Turbo 2 , Ultra, G3, G4, G4 Plus .... Motorola XT1585 Droid Turbo 2 WHITE 5.4'' 32GB Verizon Android Smartphone. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features Motorola DROID Turbo 2 , 32GB - White - *SCRATCHED, SCUFFED* (Verizon) Clean ESN. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 - 32GB Verizon (Certified Refurbished) (Grey Nylon). Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Motorola DROID Turbo 2 , 32GB - Gray - *SCRATCHED, SCUFFED* (Verizon) Clean ESN. Motorola SPN5864B TurboPower 15 Wall Charger with Original 1m (3.3ft) SKN6461A micro USB Data/Charging Cable. $9.99 (7 used &amp new offers). 2 Year Manufacturer's Warranty- Buy ... backed by a Motorola quality .... Motorola SPN5970A TurboPower 15 QC3.0 Wall Charger with SKN6461A micro USB data/charging cable for Moto G5 Plus (Retail Packaging) - Black. 2 Year Manufacturer's Warranty- Buy ... backed by a Motorola quality .... Motorola Droid TURBO 2 Case, Encased (SlimSHIELD Edition) Ultra Slim Cover (full coverage) Hybrid Slider Shell (Royal Purple). in mind, providing the ultimate protection for your Droid Turbo 2 .... Motorola DROID Turbo XT1254, Black Ballistic Nylon 32GB (Verizon Wireless). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Description Motorola Droid Turbo2 Smartphone, Black Nylon, 32 GB (Refurbished). Motorola DROID Turbo, Metallic Black 32GB (Verizon Wireless). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Rise to the moment with Droid Turbo by Motorola. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 XT1585 - 32GB Verizon (Certified Refurbished) (White Soft Grip). Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Camera: 21 MP, f/ 2.0 , phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. Motorola 15W, Retail Box Wall Charger for Droid Turbo 2, Ultra, Moto G4, Moto X, Samsung Galaxy, LG, HTC, Sony, nexus, OnePlus, Huawei, BLU, ZTE, Acer, Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 USB devices - Black. Motorola turbo power technology delivers .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Operating system : Android 5.1 Lollipop. Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (MSM8994) with Adreno 430 GPU, Natural Language Processor, Contextual Computing Processor. Display : 5.4-inch POLED Quad HD (1440x2560) 540 ppm. Battery : 3760 mph, with Qi and PowerMat wireless charging. Rear camera : 21MP, f/2.0 aperture, phase-detect autofocus, duel LED flash, 4K video @ 30fps. Front camera : 5MP, f/2.0 aperture, wide-angle lens, 1.4um pixel. Dimensions : 149.8 x 78 x 7.6-9.2 mm. Networks : CDMA (850/1900); GSM/GPRS/EDGE (850/900/1800/1900); UMTS/HSPA+(850/900/1900/2100); LTE (B2/3/4/5/7/13). Colors : Black & white soft grip, gray ballistic nylon, black pebbled leather, Moto Maker. On October 27, 2015, Motorola and Verizon introduced the Motorola Droid Turbo 2.. The Droid Turbo 2 features a 5.4-inch shatterproof QHD display, 48-hours of battery life, a 21MP camera, and 5MP selfie camera, while having a very similar overall look to the other Moto X models that Motorola already announced this year. Additionally, the Turbo 2 contains Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 (MSM8994) processor, along with 32 or 64GB of internal storage and up to 2TB expandable storage. Powering it through the day will be a 3,760mAh battery. With the Turbocharger, you'll be able to grab an additional 13 hours of battery life by just charging for 15 minutes.. The Droid Turbo 2 also sports a new feature that Motorola calls ShatterShield. According to Motorola, ShatterShield makes the Turbo 2 the "world's first phone screen guaranteed not to crack or shatter". A four-year warranty applies to any cracking or shattering.. Best of all it can be totally customized through Moto Maker.. The Droid Turbo 2 was made officially available from Verizon on October 29th.. Hands-on with the Droid Turbo 2. Since 2009 you've been able to count on Verizon to release a steady stream of Droid-branded phones that are exclusive to the big red carrier, and this year the leading device is the Droid Turbo 2.. Verizon makes the Droid Turbo 2 official. At its press event in NY, Verizon and Motorola have officially introduced the Droid Turbo 2 and its shatterproof display.. The Droid Turbo 2 is actually getting an update. It looks like Verizon and Motorola haven't forgotten about you after all.. The Force is with your wallet. Moto X Force picks up a substantial discount in India. The Moto X Force launched in India for ₹49,999, but you can now pick up the 32GB edition of the phone for as low as ₹34,999 on Flipkart. The e-retailer has slashed ₹15,000 off of the price of the 32GB model, and the 64GB variant has also received a substantial price cut of ₹16,000. Buy a phone, get a watch. Buy a Moto X Pure Edition, get a free first gen Moto 360. Motorola is currently offering up a free Moto 360 (2014) with the purchase of a 64GB Moto X Pure Edition or Droid Turbo 2.. Droid Turbo 2 Marshmallow update is actually here. The long-awaited Marshmallow update for the Droid Turbo 2 appears to be actually pushing out. This is following a previous announcement of a soak test and roll-out that don't seem to have gone according to plan.. music volume increases on it's own. My phone does something like this. Every few weeks it seems I'll be watching a video & I'll press up on the volume button & it will shoot up to max & when I press down it will shoot down to low for me.... Marshmallow now rolling out to Droid Turbo 2. Android 6.0 Marshmallow is now rolling out to the Droid Turbo 2, bringing the addition of Doze Mode, granular app permissions and more.. Droid Turbo 2 Marshmallow soak test begins. Android 6.0 Marshmallow has begun rolling out to some Droid Turbo 2 owners in what appears to be a soak test.. Verizon offering half off a second Droid when purchasing one. Verizon is looking to make your Valentines Day a bit more special: buy one Droid Turbo 2 or Maxx 2 and get a second half off. The offer is valid until February 25.. Moto X Force launches in India starting at ₹49,999. The Moto X Force sports the world’s first shatterproof screen, with its display made up of an integrated system of five layers that absorb shock from impact.. Phone shut off at 17% is the battery failing?. My phone started turning off before we got the cold weather here in the UK but now it is really cold outside. I've noticed that playing Pokemon go while walking the dog in the cold my phone goes cold.... Watch the Moto X Force India launch livestream here!. think of it as the international version of the Droid Turbo 2 we know here in the states —. We're at the event and have the livestream as well.. The Force is strong with this one. Moto X Force coming soon to India. Lenovo CEO Yang Yuanqing announced in November that the Moto X Force (aka the Droid Turbo 2) would be making its way to India in the coming months, offering no further details. The phone is now listed as coming soon on Amazon India, suggesting an imminent launch in the country.. Verizon is offering customized Star Wars Droid Turbo 2. Verizon is showing its excitement for the upcoming Star Wars movie with some new promotions. Starting December 11, you'll be able to create a customized Droid Turbo 2 with the colors of your favorite character.. Ashton Kutcher promotes new Motorola smartphones. Motorola has started a new marketing campaign to promote the Droid Turbo 2 and Moto X Pure Edition smartphones. They involve actor Ashton Kutcher who is conducting "experiments" with unsuspecting people to find out about their relationship with their phones.. Yahoo app notifications are blank circles on lock screen Android 7.0. I merged your threads to avoid parallel discussions.. AC reviews the Droid Turbo 2. Motorola's annual partnership with Verizon introduced a Moto X with a screen you'll have a hard time breaking and a massive battery, but some usability was sacrificed in the process.. Droid Turbo 2 & Droid Maxx 2 vs. Motorola has released several interesting phones this year, and here's how they stack up against one another.. Spec showdown: Droid Turbo 2 vs. The Droid Turbo 2 is Motorola and Verizon's latest (and still exclusive) high-end Droid offering, and it comes in at a high price point to go with its high-end specs. But this isn't the only great phone on Verizon — there are plenty of other models that go toe-to-toe with the Droid Turbo 2 in every category.. Missing phone widget on home screen! How can I get it back?. How can I get it back on my phone. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Cellet 9FT. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Super fast recharge for your Device. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Fully charges your Device in just a few short hours. Plugs into any vehicle cigarette lighter socket or 12 volt power port. Enjoy full functionality of your Device while it charges. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Blue. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -AA Battery Powered Emergency 0.5 Amp USB Charger, Black. Emergency Cell Phone Charger w/Built-in LED Flashlight. Easy to operate - requires one AA battery (not included). Convenient push button activates bright LED flashlight. Includes 3 charging adapters (LG, Mini USB and Device). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -OEM 1.8 Amp Micro USB Charger (MCS-04WD). Compatible w/devices featuring a Micro USB charging port. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Original Device Micro USB Travel/Wall Charger. Pugs into any standard wall outlet. Compact, durable design ideal for travel. Detachable USB to Micro USB cable. Sync and transfer files between your computer and smartphone. 
business culture gear ideas science security transportation photo video backchannel Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Accessibility Help Customer Care Contact Us Securedrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS. business culture gear ideas science security transportation photo video backchannel. Photo Video Backchannel Magazine Wired Insider. Sign up to receive the latest gadget news, reviews, and expert advice.. 11.04.15 05:00 am Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Rate 7/10 Buy Now Wired 'ShatterShield' screen will not crack, no matter how many times you drop it. The battery charges very fast and lasts for two days. Features and performance are competitive with any flagship smartphone. Tired The wide bezels and Verizon logo on the front are hella gauche. It's a Verizon exclusive, which means there's tons of bloatware. No fingerprint reader, if you're into that sort of thing.. Author: Tim Moynihan Tim Moynihan. It's got the battery, the brawn ... 11.04.15 05:00 am Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Rate 7/10 Buy Now Wired 'ShatterShield' screen will not crack, no matter how many times you drop it. The battery charges very fast and lasts for two days. Features and performance are competitive with any flagship smartphone. Tired The wide bezels and Verizon logo on the front are hella gauche. It's a Verizon exclusive, which means there's tons of bloatware. No fingerprint reader, if you're into that sort of thing.. Author: Tim Moynihan Tim Moynihan. It's got the battery, the brawn ... We want our gadgets to be beautiful. Maybe it started with the phonograph, the princess phone, Braun radios, or the iMac. Who knows? But now it’s hard-coded into our brains: We want our gadgets to be beautiful. Tech capabilities advance, miracles become commodities, and soon, it’s not enough for our gear to do everything. It has to look good, too.. This creates a catch 22 in the world of phones. You buy a flagship device, and you expect a handheld powerhouse built out of premium materials, with elegant curves, maybe a wraparound display. But none of that matters if the phone has a smashed screen. So to prevent our phones’ screens from getting smashed, we put protective cases on them. And when we put cases on them, we hide the craftsmanship that compelled us to buy them in the first place.. The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 doesn't have that problem—because it doesn’t need a case. You can drop it face-down onto marble, jagged concrete, bathroom tiles—the screen couldn’t care less. It is the Kimmy Schmidt of phones. Try as hard as you want, you cannot smash this phone’s screen by dropping it. Go ahead and toss it around, let other people have a go, watch everyone cringe when it repeatedly meets the ground with a gnarly sounding SLAP. You can confidently flip it over, the big reveal every time, and see a perfectly intact screen. No spiderwebs, no shards, no exceptions.. You will do this about 10 times before remembering that even though that screen is drop-proof, the parts that aren’t the screen can dent. Plus, there are electronics tucked inside. Still, after about 30 drops, my phone worked perfectly and only had a few minor scuffs.. That unbreakable screen is really sharp, too. It’s a 5.4-inch OLED display with a 2,560x1440 (Quad HD) resolution and a pixel density of 540ppi. The screen itself is plastic, but it feels a lot like glass to the touch.. The Droid Turbo 2’s durable display is its marquee feature, but it might not even be the most impressive thing about it. It has the best battery life of any phone I’ve ever used, period. Motorola says it gets up to two days of juice from a single charge, and it’s true. I even got more than that when I wasn’t using it all the time. When you finally do plug it in, another miracle happens: The included 25W “Turbo Charger” gives you 13 hours of battery life in a quick 15 minutes, and you can fully charge the 3,760 mAh battery in about an hour.. Outside of the phone's groundbreaking durability and battery life, nearly everything about the Droid Turbo 2 is on par with the best smartphones available. The 21-megapixel camera is absurdly fast—the shutter fires instantly. It's like you’re taking a screenshot rather than a picture. Its eight-core, 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 SoC is backed by 3GB of RAM, and performance is predictably zippy. It shoots 4K video at 30fps, offers a microSD slot if you want to go beyond its 32GB or 64GB configurations, and although it’s not fully waterproof, it’s built to withstand splashes of water.. But—there's a catch (I warned you, didn't I?). The tough-as-nails build means that design-wise, the Droid Turbo 2 isn’t a knockout. It’s not a terrible-looking phone: You can design your own via the Moto Maker site, and you can trick the phone’s back out in materials like ballistic nylon and pebbled leather. The one I tested was a standard-issue, all-white affair with a textured, rubberized “soft grip” backing. It felt fine in the hand and looked fine face-down on the floor, ready for its multiple “the screen is fine” reveals. And from the front, it’s far from slick. It brings the bezels like a picture frame: Despite having no physical buttons or fingerprint reader under the screen, it has a sizeable chin, forehead, and sideburns. There’s also a big ol’ Verizon “V” logo right between the stereo speakers on the bottom of the handset. This is not an elegant phone, and despite its metal frame and camera accents, the whole thing feels kind of plasticky.. Despite having up-to-the-second components and features, the Droid Turbo 2 is running last year’s version of Android. Out of the box, you get Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, but Motorola and Verizon say an update to Android Marshmallow is coming soon. (They said similar things about last year’s Droid Turbo, and it took almost nine months for that phone to get an OS update.). The Turbo 2 is a Verizon exclusive in the U.S., and it has all the bloatware to prove it. If you are really, really bothered by preinstalled apps, you will not like this phone. Thankfully, you can hide many of the preinstalled apps from view by holding your finger on the icon, dragging it to “App info,” and then disabling them.. But let's be realistic here: Compared to the ability to withstand drop after drop after drop and run on a single charge for two days, it’s hard to complain about things like pedestrian looks and bloatware. This is an excellent Android phone, one that's neck-and-neck with the Android flagships in terms of performance. And it goes beyond that, offering features no other phone can match. Here’s hoping that shatterproof screen and quick-charging, high-capacity battery become commonplace across Motorola's lineup, on slicker-looking phones, and possibly even a future Nexus device.. But for now, the Droid Turbo 2 is a singular, carrier-exclusive phone that knows exactly who it's made for: The pragmatists; the people who know they’re bound to drop their handset from time to time and will forget their charger occasionally. Beyond its Verizon-only status, bloatware, and elderly OS, perhaps the biggest thing holding the Turbo 2 back is that we want our gadgets to be beautiful.. When you buy something using the retail links in our product reviews, we earn a small affiliate commission. Read more about how this works.. When you buy something using the retail links in our product reviews, we earn a small affiliate commission. Read more about how this works.. Samsung's Galaxy S9 Is Photo-Focused and Purple as Heck. Author: Brendan Nystedt Brendan Nystedt. Strap On a Pair of Roller Skates and Wheel Away Your Worries. Author: Lydia Horne Lydia Horne. 10 of This Weekend's Best Tech, Home, and Gaming Deals. Author: Wired Staff Wired Staff. Apple's Smart Speaker Needs a Good Talking To. Author: Wired Staff Wired Staff. Grab Sweet Outdoor Gear Deals at Huckberry's Winter Sale. Author: Wired Staff Wired Staff. The Phone Charger of the Future Will Go Pew Pew. Author: Adam Rogers Adam Rogers. Josie Colt Amp Up Your Attitude With These Four Affirmation Apps. Jeffrey Van Camp One of the Best Budget Phones Just Got Cheaper. Adrienne So Sitting in on Remote Meetings? Working at a Standing Desk? Follow These Tips.. Jeffrey Van Camp Best President’s Day Weekend Gear Sales. Michael Calore 3 Mechanical Keyboards to Help You Achieve Typing Nirvana. Sign up to receive the latest gadget news, reviews, and expert advice.. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola droid turbo. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola droid turbo. Save motorola droid turbo to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola droid turbo to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone (Page Plus). 2 new & refurbished from $108.86. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY *GREAT*. Motorola XT1254 Droid Turbo 32GB Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Smartphone. ***Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Blue Ballistic Nylon (Verizon) ***. 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 32GB Black (Verizon) Smartphone-Goo d Condition-GD97 35. 2 new & refurbished from $119.00. MINT A+ Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 32GB Black Ballistic Nylon (Verizon). 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. Motorola DROID TURBO 2 XT1585 & TURBO XT1254 32GB Verizon/Unlock ed Smartphones. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Metallic Red (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Silver- Black (Verizon) Smartphone Grade C unlocked. 5 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Black Ballistic Nylon (Unlocked) Smartphone. Fair - Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 32GB - Black (Verizon) SEE NOTES - Free Ship. 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 -32GB White (Verizon) Unlocked Excellent Condition. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone WHITE *FAIR*. Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 Verizon 5.2" 4G LTE Wifi Android Cellphone 32GB 64GB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB White Soft Grip Verizon Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Black Ballistic Nylon (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB AT&T Unlocked android smartphone WHITE G552. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $119.00. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Black (Verizon) – Gently Used - Clean IMEI. 2 new & refurbished from $119.00. Belt Clip Holster Kickstand Hybrid case Cover Verizon For Motorola Droid Turbo 2. Outer Glass Lens Screen Replacement Compatible With Motorola Droid Turbo Xt1254. Motorola Droid Turbo 32GB XT1254 Verizon GOOD *FRONT CAM DUSTY* 050338. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY G593. Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 Unlocked Smartphone Verizon 32/64GB Black/Red. Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 Verizon Unlocked Smartphone 5.5" 32/64GB (Nylon) US. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Black Ballistic Nylon(Verizon) 23-11G. 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 32GB XT1254 Black Ballistic Verizon GOOD TO GREAT 497571. 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY G378. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone Good!. 2 new & refurbished from $119.00. Motorola DROID TURBO XT1254 32gb Verizon - (UNLOCKED). MINT A+ Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 32GB Metallic Red (Verizon) Android Phone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB Black XT1585 *Android* Verizon FAIR 819625. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 (Verizon)c Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone (Page Plus. 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. New OEM Motorola Turbo Power Supply Home Travel Wall Charger & Micro Cable. Turtleback Leather Case Pouch Holster Metal Belt Clip for Motorola DROID Turbo. Motorola Droid Turbo 32GB XT1254 *Android* Cell Phone Verizon GOOD 902879. Motorola Droid Turbo 32GB XT1254 *Android* Cell Phone Verizon GOOD 456384. Motorola Droid Turbo (XT1254) 32GB Red (Verizon) **EUC**. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Red (Verizon) XT1254 - Excellent Condition. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G550. Motorola DROID Turbo Unlocked (Verizon) - 32GB - Black Ballistic Nylon. 2 new & refurbished from $124.99. Motorola Droid Turbo - 32GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $119.00. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY G380. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB Black (Verizon) ESN Clear Good Condition. GREAT! Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 32GB Red Verizon International GSM Unlocked. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone WHITE G374. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - White Soft Grip (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Android Smartphone RED G561. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone Cell WHITE G657. Motorola Droid Turbo 32GB Black XT1254 *Android* Verizon NEAR MINT. 2 new & refurbished from $119.00. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone Cell WHITE G656. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G655. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Smartphone Ballistic Grey/Orange - Verizon. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone A+. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY G653. Droid Turbo 2 Case, Harryshell Slim Scratch-Resist ant Tpu Gel Flexible... USA LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Frame For Verizon Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. USA SELLER– 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED- FAST SHIPPING. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 5 - 7/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Brand New in selaed packaging ships from USA. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Droid Turbo 2. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.40-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels at a PPI of 540 pixels per inch. The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is powered by 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Droid Turbo 2 packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 runs Android 5.1.1 and is powered by a 3760mAh non removable battery. It measures 149.80 x 78.00 x 9.20 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 169.00 grams. The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is a single SIM (GSM + CDMA) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, Infrared, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Showing 'Mysterious Green Line' on Display, Say Some Users. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 With 'Shatterproof' Display, 21-Megapixel Camera, 3760mAh Battery Launched. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 detailed specifications. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 149.80 x 78.00 x 9.20 Weight (g) 169.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3760 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.40 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 540. Processor 2GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared Yes USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM + CDMA 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Droid Turbo 2. 1 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Ariel Petresky | 10 Mar 2016. I bought the phone in Brazil, pay quite expensive. For a month and a half was excellent. The best phone I had and I have had several, speed, battery, pictures, etc, etc.. Then began to apears green lines, one, two , now I have more than 10, and I can not use it any more. Out of nowhere, nor I dropped it. From what I saw on the internet there are several cases more with the problem. I'm still waiting for the response motorola support brazil. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Fabrizio Batista | 26 May 2016. I had the same problem, I contacted Motorola and the answer is that I have to send the phone to technical assistance and waiting a position. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Showing 'Mysterious Green Line' on Display, Say Some Users. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 With 'Shatterproof' Display, 21-Megapixel Camera, 3760mAh Battery Launched. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 vs. LG G4 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 vs. Motorola Droid Turbo Motorola Moto X Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Apple iPhone 8 vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 vs. Motorola Droid Turbo Motorola Droid Turbo 2 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 Lte Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 LG V20 vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Droid Turbo 2 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
We're using cookies to improve your experience.. Click Here to find out more.. Video Entertainment Culture Tech Science Business Social Good. Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers. Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy. Sites Job Board Social Good Summit. The Motorola Droid Turbo 2's screen is virtually impossible to crack. The Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is shatterproof. Lots of power and lots of crapware. Android , droid turbo 2 , Gadgets , Gallery Template , Mashable Choice , Mobile , Motorola , reviews , smartphone , Tech. By Raymond Wong 2016-01-26 13:11:21 UTC. highlights the best of everything we cover, have experienced first-hand and would recommend to others.. The Droid Turbo 2 has all of the best phone specs -- Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, 3GB of RAM, 32/64GB of internal storage, and microSD card slot -- but it's marquee feature is its shatterproof screen, which Motorola claims is virtually indestructible.. The Droid Turbo 2 runs Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. It's not the newest 6.0 Marshmallow, but it's still plenty quick and smooth.. The amount of bloatware apps pre-installed on the Droid Turbo 2 is astonishing. Motorola touts 48-hour battery life on the Droid Turbo 2. In my testing, it didn't last two days, unless I barely used it. It can last a full 24 hours with lots of usage and 36 hours on moderate usage.. The back has a grippy rubberized texture, which prevents it from slipping out of your hand.. The Droid Turbo 2 has the same 21-megapixel camera with dual-LED flash on the back as the Moto X Pure Edition. Photos look great, so long as you view them only on the phone.. There's an LED flash on the front of the camera for those selfies that need more light.. Compared to other smartphones, the Droid Turbo is on the big side. In comparison, the iPhone 6S is 0.28-inches thick.. The Turbo 2 comes with 32GB of 64GB of internal storage, but that can be expanded with a microSD card.. Verizon loves to slap its logo on smartphones. Does it have to be right there on the front of the screen?. Motorola's Droid phones have always been geared towards utility. The original Droid catered to typing enthusiasts with a QWERTY keyboard that slid out and the Droid Turbo had up to 48 hours of battery life. The Droid Turbo 2 continues that focus on utility.. A Verizon-exclusive, the Droid Turbo 2 has the same long battery life as its predecessor, but also a "shatterproof" screen that's virtually indestructible.. See also: The new Moto 360 isn't perfect, but it's one pretty smartwatch. For a carrier-branded smartphone, the Droid Turbo 2 is quite attractive. In typical Motorola fashion, the phone doesn't follow its competitors down the thin and light path. Rather, the phone's thick and has a good weight to it in your hand. The Droid Turbo 2 feels like a phone that can survive a deadly drop.. Your viewing portal is a crisp 5.4-inch QuadHD (2,560 x 1,440) resolution screen with 540 ppi. It's an AMOLED screen, so colors are warmer (more saturated reds and yellows) and the blacks are deep, but it could stand to be brighter.. The precision-cut aluminum frame feels sturdy and the textured back keeps the phone from slipping out of your hand. The Motorola "dimple" below the camera and dual-LED flash on the back remains a natural place to rest your index finger. It's too bad it's not a fingerprint sensor like on the Nexus 6P .. The only eyesore that ruins the Droid Turbo 2's otherwise slick design is the honking Verizon "V" logo sandwiched between the two front-facing speaker grilles, which unfortunately are only mono and not stereo. Granted, it's less grotesque than when Verizon slapped its logo on the Galaxy Note II's home button , but ugh, just NO!. A phone with turbo in its name has to be powerful and the Droid Turbo 2 doesn't disappoint. Android 5.1 Lollipop runs at top performance with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 octa-core processor and 3GB of RAM. Everything flies on the Droid Turbo 2 ; apps open, close and suspend in a flash, and 3D graphics performance edges out the Moto X Pure Edition.. The Droid Turbo 2 comes in two storage models: 32GB or 64GB of storage. Picking the latter also scores you one "design refresh" via Motorola's Moto Maker online configurator — within two years of your purchase. Should the built-in storage become insufficient, you can expand it with a microSD card up to 2TB. It's highly unlikely you'll expand the phone to 2TB since no such card exists for commercial sale yet, but you can pick up a 128GB microSD card for $50 or a 200GB for $100. (It still boggles my mind how inexpensive and high capacity these tiny memory cards are nowadays.). The Droid Turbo 2 has the same 21-megapixel camera as the Moto X Pure Edition.. The cameras are the same ones on the Moto X Pure Edition. They take great photos — by Motorola smartphone standards — and capture sharp and vivid images that look excellent on the Droid Turbo 2's high-res screen. But as good as the 21-megapixel stills from the back and 5-megapixels selfies from the front are, the Galaxy S6 and LG G4 still beat it in low-light performance and the iPhone 6S wins on color accuracy.. See also: The search for the ultimate smartphone camera. For video, the phone's capable of recording in up to 4K resolution (3,840 x 2,160), but I left it on the default full HD resolution (1080p). 4K video capture is nice, but recording in this resolution also comes with disadvantages: The phone gets very warm, battery life plummets, and videos take up more storage. You'll get by fine sticking to 1080p.. There's so much bloatware pre-installed on the Droid Turbo 2, you'll want to pull your hair out.. The Droid Turbo 2 is a lovely piece of hardware, but you know what's not so lovely? All the pre-installed apps. It's a given that carrier-branded phones will come with pre-installed apps, but Verizon went too far. I don't understand why you can remove some of the crap like all the Candy Crush knockoffs ( Cookie Jam , Sugar Smash and Panda Pop ), but not the other junk like all the Verizon apps, Audible, NFL Mobile, IMDb, Slacker Radio, etc. It's enough to make you want to throw the Droid Turbo 2 against the wall.. The Droid Turbo 2 can usually last up to a day and a half on heavy usage.. Motorola has a long history of equipping its Droid phones with batteries that outlast the competition.. In the case of the Droid Turbo 2, Motorola touts 48 hours of battery life from its 3,760mAh battery — the same as last year's Droid Turbo 2 and the Droid Maxx 2.. When I reviewed the original Droid Turbo last year, I gave it high marks for having a killer battery, even though I never did get 48 hours of usage — it was more like 24 to 36 hours — from a single charge.. The Droid Turbo 2's battery situation is roughly the same story. Throughout my month-long testing, the phone easily lasted 24 hours with medium to heavy usage and up to 36 hours with lighter usage. At CES, the Droid Turbo 2 was my backup phone and I easily went a day and a half before needing to recharge it .. Using a combination of common battery-saving tricks can also help you squeeze out more battery life from the Droid Turbo 2. And if the Droid Turbo 2 ever gets updated to Android 6.0 Marshmallow, it's likely to see a boost in general battery life thanks to the software's Doze feature.. There's also the added nicety of Quick Charge 2.0, which can give you up to 13 hours of battery life with a 15-minute charge using the included Turbo Charger. The Droid Turbo 2 also has built-in wireless charging that works with both PMA and Qi standards, if you're into that sort of thing.. Phones like the Samsung Galaxy S6 Active are great because they're protected and have all the power of their flagship cousins.. The Droid Turbo 2 is the Moto X Pure Edition's tougher cousin. With a five-element "ShatterShield" construction, Motorola claims it's one of the most durable smartphones ever created.. While I didn't go out trying to destroy the Droid Turbo 2 during my review period, I can tell you its rugged claims are true, as far as normal daily abuse goes.. Th Motorola droid turbo 2 dropping on concrete to demo it's shatterproof screen pic.twitter.com/nHDVkaXkna. — Raymond Wong (@raywongy) October 27, 2015. I performed a series of drop tests with the Droid Turbo 2 and it survived every one. Dropping the phone on a hardwood floor from three feet up, the Droid Turbo 2 bounced up each and every time with nary a scratch. I was more worried about damaging my floor than the phone. Dropping it on a concrete sidewalk, the phone suffered a couple of ugly scrapes around the edges, but otherwise, the screen remained uncracked.. On top of its durable construction and seemingly indestructible screen, the Droid Turbo 2 is also water-resistant. I had no troubles using the phone inside of the shower to keep up with the CES news madness in my Las Vegas hotel.. With the Droid Turbo 2, Motorola has crafted a smartphone that's durable without being bulky. The cameras take great pictures and the battery lasts almost two days. Not to mention, the screen is nigh impossible to shatter in day-to-day use.. You can also configure it to your liking in different colors and materials (like ballistic nylon!) using Moto Maker. The white model I tested looks way less aggressive and masculine than the typical Droid devices clad in red and black.. The pricing is on the steeper side — starting at $624 for a 32GB or $26/month — but you're getting a lot of bang for buck. Personally, I'd never buy a carrier-branded smartphone. I couldn't live with the bloatware or carrier logos. But if you must for whatever reason, and you're a Verizon customer, the Droid Turbo 2 is one of its best devices.. Virtually indestructible screen • Fast, powerful performance • Superb battery life • Customizable with Moto Maker • Great cameras. With a virtually indestructible screen, up to two-day battery life, and blazing performance, the Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is one of the most utilitarian smartphones you can buy.. About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory. is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe.. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Purchase with a plan or or. black white gray. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Motorola DROID Turbo 2 is a smartphone that comes with a 5.4-inch AMOLED display, a 1440x2560 resolution and 540ppi index. Powering the device from within is a 2GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor with 3GB of RAM and the Adreno 430 GPU. It has a built-in storage of 64GB with a microSD card slot to expand the memory by up to 2TB. Capturing photos may be done on the 21MP rear-facing camera which can also record 4K quality videos or the 5MP camera sensor on the front of the device. It unboxes with Android 5.1 Lollipop OS and comes with a 3760mAh battery that can be charged with its built-in Qi wireless charger. Average user reviews Based on 1 Review. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Would Recommend to a friend.. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Best cell phone ever. Posted on: June 28th, 2016 by bmcp357. I LOVE LOVE LOVE MY Turbo 2! Got the Motorola DROID Turbo 2 last Christmas (a present to myself). Best cell phone ever! The camera takes super sharp pictures, with an easy "tap anywhere on the screen" and 4X zoom makes for some nice close-up detail shots of small objects. this was my first "smart" phone, but it was so easy to set up, figure out and use. I went online to the support page and it was easy to figure out how to move and rearrange all my apps, add contacts, save photos to my SD card, and navigate through all the many features and functions of this cell phone. and although I opted for the only 32G memory instead of the 64G, I easily added a 64G SD card to transfer "all" my photos and videos. I love the shatterproof screen, as I have already dropped it a few times, and with the peel and stick screen protector, I don't have to worry about scratches. The screen is bright and colorful, (not washed out like the ones my friends have), text can be enlarged enough to see without my glasses. For some it may seem like a large (measurement wise) cell phone, it doesn't fit into a front pocket, or shirt pocket well, but it is sooo worth it. Between the features of the Turbo2 and the Verizon network, Everything runs SUPER fast ! I can download photos, apps and check my emails in a fraction of the time, and afyer running game apps, reading emails, checking facebook and sending texts "all day", the battery life holds up fairly well, and is usually down to only about 40-50% from 6am to around 7:00pm... I plug it in for a few minutes, and good to go again. The Motorola DROID Turbo 2 is a Verizon exclusive, and although Verizon is probably "the" most expensive cell phone service, I have never had dropped calls, or calls cutting out - even in the middle of the desert or going through mountain passes, - my friend has sprint and often only hears every other word when I call - even though "I" can hear them as clear as if they were in the same room..... - yes Verizon is more expensive, but if you rely on a cell phone service, you get what you pay for, and since I use the phone near wifi mostly, I opted for the 1G data for $30/month, so that's not too bad, and with 3G at $45/month, (which I will upgrade to when we leave on vacation), it is so well worth the extra $15 a month.. This review is the subjective opinion of the user and not of Wirefly.com.. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. DROID Turbo 2 Unboxing and Impressions. The new DROID Turbo 2 is packed with some really crazy good stuff.. Is the Droid Turbo 2 display really unbreakable?. Drop testing the new Droid Turbo 2 flagship smartphone from Verizon and Motorola.. Expert Review User reviews. Save $100 on Moto X4 Now: $299.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. 25% off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+.. Up to $50 off Moto G5s Plus from $249.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $40 off Moto G5 Plus from $209.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $30 off the Moto E4 Plus Was: $179.99 Now: $149.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Deal of the Day: 61% off a Tower Paddle Boards Adventurer 2 Inflatable SUP Package Was: $1279 Now: $499.. No credit check - 2 Unlimited Lines Now: $100 Family Plans.. Get $200 off Motorola Z2 Force. ZTE ZFIVE 2 Was: $39.99 Now: $19.99.. Limited Time Offer on Yuntab Action Camera Sport DV 1080P 30 Meter Waterproof 2 inch TFT HD 5MP Helmet Camera?Blue.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Motorola DROID Maxx 2 ZTE Prestige OnePlus X Samsung Galaxy View Coolpad Rogue Kyocera Rally Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Microsoft Lumia 735 ZTE Obsidian ASUS ZenFone Zoom. Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot. Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice. Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE. Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 21 22 ». Seco, 28 Jan 2018 Have it for 2 years now. I am looking to buy another one if i'll find a new one at a good pric... more interesting comment am in Nigeria and I need a site where i can buy Moto X4 any idea please. Anonymous, 17 Jan 2018 Allison, you are 100% correct. I've had the same problems and this morning it shutdown and I m... more Thank you for the validation, and I hope you get to upgrade your phone very soon!. Have it for 2 years now. I am looking to buy another one if i'll find a new one at a good price. Battery never lets you down with an average of 35-48 h giving it a good use.. Most powerful Speaker output on a phone I've ever seen. Can't handle additional applications being loaded without performance issues.. Allison, 17 Dec 2017 Absolutely the worst smartphone ever. In less than a 2-year Verizon contract, I had THREE of ... more Allison, you are 100% correct. I've had the same problems and this morning it shutdown and I missed my alarm. zura nebieridze, 09 Jan 2018 I want to buy a moto droid turbo 2, and what do you recommend? Has a number of minuses in thi... more Sure, only be aware of the green line problem. It happens from time to time because of hardware design. For some people it has become permanent. Mine hasn't, just have to be careful of pressuring the bottom right corner. This is also happening to some other phones. There maybe a few spots or some spot where the inner case or microchip is too close to the display causing it to make a or some green line. I've owned mine for 2 years now. Got it second week it came out from Verizon store. Speakers are really nice!! Other questions please keep replying or posting.. Rap T, 22 Dec 2017 I don't know why people are discrediting this fabulous smart phone. more I want to buy a moto droid turbo 2, and what do you recommend? Has a number of minuses in this mobile?. no because it can't support Oreo 8.0 ,if u wanted to upgrade your phone firstly you should break turbo2 boatloader then either it upgrade or not.... Anonymous, 06 Oct 2017 I just got my phone refurbished and my largest problem with it and is people tell me that they... more I bought (turbo 2) 6 months before. Now I'm facing a problem, when I play any video the sound of the speaker get very slow after a few seconds I have changed the speaker but still I'm facing the same issue somebody plz guide about that.. Rap T, 22 Dec 2017 I don't know why people are discrediting this fabulous smart phone. more My Droid Turbo 2 is beyond horrible. Like someone else mentioned, approaching the 2 year mark, it's a disaster. The 2 year mark is April, it'll never make it. Going to switch to iPhone, this is my last Droid.. Jason, 03 Dec 2017 Got this phone new. Was only at Verizon or 3 months so i wouldn't lose the promo price. more Got new out of the gate. At the 1.6 mark it became very glitchy, slow, turning off for no apparent reason. It is durable I will give them that. Personally I think it's by design that approximately at the 2 year mark they stop working so we'll. After all it's about paid off and you qualify for an upgrade (Verizon) hmmmm can't be a coincidence.. I don't know why people are discrediting this fabulous smart phone. Quality camera, strong battery, ....you name it.Please start praising Motorola for a good job done. samsung troll ^^^, 18 Dec 2017 It sounds like a bunch of mularkey. A) You don't know how to spell "malarkey," and B) I don't give a rat's ass what you think. I don't know what problems people are talking about but its other than yellowish white color there is not a single issue i had in last 2 years. And every phone slows down with time, even iphones do so its not an issue. Manufacturers code there software i a way that slows down device with time or something like that.. Allison, 17 Dec 2017 Absolutely the worst smartphone ever. In less than a 2-year Verizon contract, I had THREE of ... more It sounds like a bunch of mularkey .. In less than a 2-year Verizon contract, I had THREE of these, and they all failed. I should say I'm not hard on my phones, and I have never had problems like this before. I just loved the customizable colors and other options; what a mistake. Phone #1: stopped charging at 10 months. Just wouldn't recognize the charger, at all, despite being immaculately clean and multiple chargers/cords tested. Still under warranty, so Verizon replaced it. Imagine my frustration when Phone #2 did the EXACT SAME THING at only 4 months in! This time, I called Motorola and they replaced it. Phone #3: By 8 months in, the battery drain was so rapid I couldn't go anywhere without a charger. I had the battery replaced for $60. At 9 months, with a new battery, it spontaneously shut off all the time; usually re-starting involved multiple, multiple attempts. I essentially couldn't use the phone unless it was charging, and that was getting fritzy. This phone honestly made me miss having a landline. I will never, ever even consider purchasing a Motorola/Lenovo product again; frankly I wouldn't take one if you paid me. Forewarned is fairwarned; tell anyone you know to stay the hell away from Motorola. On a happier note, the Samsung Galaxy 8 I replaced my Turd Turbo 2 with is an absolute masterpiece of both style and function. Samsung seems to be easily setting the industry standard for innovation, while Motorola is providing consumers with a phone I wouldn't wipe my ass with.. Got mine first week of release in Nov. Speakers are the best smarthphone speakers I ever had. Phone itself is still quite fast even though slowing down with each android os upgrade. 21 MP Camera is good but doesn't adjust well by itself when in bright or dark areas, gotta do it manually or with flash on. I also have the green line thing, mines small like 1 mm wide and have had it happening over a year now. I believe it is a bad hardware design issue, across many other phones too. Something to do with the chip underneath screen and being to close to the screen. Overall, it is still a good phone. Just not good if your still paying something close to 700 usd for a 2 year old design and hardware.. Was only at Verizon or 3 months so i wouldn't lose the promo price. At first the phone was excellent. Very long battery life with heavy use. After about 1.5 years I started to have issues...pretty much after update to 6.0 or 7.0 it became very slow and glitchy. Got fed up after reading suggestions like clear cache and what not but didn't work and I eventually wiped the phone which helped for the most part. Didn't buy another charger to see if that was the reason. Phone becomes very laggy when charging. Randomly turns off when battery is at 20% or less. Still will last me 12-15 hours of good use. Talking is still clear and have no problems with people hearing me. Never used a case, just screen protector. The bezel has marks and wear but screen is still unscathed. Want to upgrade phones but at same time this phone still does what I use it for. Was thinking s8 since it is literally same size as this phone despite a bigger screen. Not sure if s7 is much of an upgrade.. owais khan, 23 Aug 2017 Which is better droid turbo 1 ya turbo 2. I think droid turbo 1 is better than droid turbo 2. more Between the turbo 2 and the turbo 1... Performance wise, with Antutu 3d benchmarking, my turbo 1's (all 3) score right at about 90, 000, sometimes as low as 88.500. My turbo 2 scores at about 83, 000 to 84,000 with all verizon bloat apps disabled (at least the ones they let you disable). With Passmark performance test, my turbo 2 scores at about 8800 to 8900, same conditions with bloat apps disabled. My turbo 1's score from 6300 to 7200. the turbo 2 is of course bootloader locked, and unrootable. Verizon will always have control of your phone, even if it is carrier unlocked and you use a different carrier (which i do- cricket). The turbo 1's can be bootloader unlocked, thanks to the efforts of some very bright minds at the xda development community, for 25 bucks. All my turbo 1's are bootloader unlocked and as a result I run the latest android software... these phones are good enough that they are still being maintained and actively developed by the community. I can install any operating system I want, at any performance/battery life compromise ratio I want. I have kicked verizon off of my phones forever- and I am in complete control of the phones that I bought with my money. Speaking of battery, 3900 mA for the turbo 1 and 3760, or sometimes 3560 for the turbo 2. Difference of about half a day, for me. The turbo 2 has an sd card slot, and a screen that won't shatter on a drop, typically (though the screen display suffers a bit because its outer layer is plastic... These are the 2 advantages over the turbo 1. In all other possible ways, including a superior design regards longevity of use, the turbo 1 wins. This was the last phone built by motorola while they were owned by google, before lenovo took control. The turbo 1 is a masterpiece, the turbo 2 is a potential great, but ultimately a big disappointment due mostly to the locked bootloader. Thus, the development community has no opportunity to correct mistakes built into the phones programming. Too bad, a lot of potential wasted. That is all, and good day to you. The screen is yellow-ish (thanks to early shatterproof technology), if you already dissapointed having an amoled phone because of the white color isnt as great as ips one, then this damn phone isnt for you. I actually love amoled screen but, this phone's screen is not really my type. after a year, while i am open facebook from my dt2, the screen suddenly went off, after it went on again, there is weird green line occupied at 10 percent of my dt 2's screen, moreover the screen goes on and off randomly that make my phone literally unusable (i never dropped it nor drown it, its just completely random). I love motorola, i love amoled, but i fucking hate this fucking piece of shit product. Even my 2013 moto x still works better while this goddamn 2015 phone has already broken like a cheap shit.. Pages: 1 2 3 … 21 22 ». Total of 424 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto E4 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Verizon's Motorola Droid Turbo 2 is the first phone that is "drop-proof" according to the manufacturer. The screen offers "ShatterShield" which makes the display both shatterproof and crackproof by utilizing a five-layer construction. It's also water-resistant, making it one of the most durable phones available. The Droid Turbo 2 has a large battery at 3760mAh with claimed 48 hours of battery life, and with fast-charging it can deliver 13 hours of battery life with a 15 minute charge. The 5.4" AMOLED display has QHD resolution, and the Droid Turbo 2 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 with 3GB DDR4 RAM. The f/2.0 camera takes 21MP photos and can capture 4k video.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Droid Turbo 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. Droid Turbo 2 Original Android Development. Droid Turbo 2 Themes and Apps. Droid Turbo 2 General Droid Turbo 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Droid Turbo 2 Accessories Droid Turbo 2 Android Development Droid Turbo 2 Original Android Development Droid Turbo 2 Themes and Apps. Most Active Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Topics. [ROM] [OLD] Moto X Force L!te Android 7.0 NPKS25.200-12-4 for ALL MODEL. Blankflash files for Moto X Force. [All Kinzie][Official] Stock Firmware Moto X Force / Droid Turbo 2 -NG FOR STOCK OUT!. [ROM] [OLD] Moto X Force L!te Android 7.0 NPK25.200-12 for ALL MODEL moto-x-force. [ROM] [NEW] Moto X Force L!te Android 7.0 NPKS25.200-12-9 for ALL MODEL moto-x-force. [ROM] [OLD] Moto X Force L!te Android 7.0 NPKS25.200-12-4 for ALL MODEL moto-x-force. More Droid Turbo 2 General Threads. Droid Turbo 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. Does your power button do this?. Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Battery issues. If you have a EU Moto X Force XT1580, you can save me! moto-x-force. Moto X Force not accepting power. More Droid Turbo 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Threads. More Droid Turbo 2 Accessories Threads. [ROM] [UNOFFICIAL] LineageOS 14.1 for Kinzie [Aug. [ROM] [UNOFFICIAL] CM 12.1 for Kinzie [23/02/2016]. [TOOL] WinDroid Toolkit | Unlock | Root | Flash | Install | Moto X Force. [ROM] [UNOFFICIAL] Cyanogenmod 13.0 for Kinzie [Apr. More Droid Turbo 2 Android Development Threads. Droid Turbo 2 Original Android Development. More Droid Turbo 2 Original Android Development Threads. Droid Turbo 2 Themes and Apps. Post your Screenshots / Homescreens / Lockscreens. does anyone use v4a on droid turbo2,i need your help. [APP][6.0+] Dorch - Dual Torch for devices with both Front and Back flash. [X Force] Remove Unlocked Bootloader Warning. More Droid Turbo 2 Themes and Apps Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors Droid Turbo Cases. Showing 40 of 15133 results that match your query.. Product - OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Commuter Series. 95 - $ 19. OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Commuter Series. Product - OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Black. OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Black. Product - OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Turbo Black * Cover OEM Original. OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Turbo Black * Cover OEM Original. Product - Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Case, Encased (SlimShield Series) Ultra Thin Hybrid Cover. Price List price $ 19. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Case , Encased (SlimShield Series) Ultra Thin Hybrid Cover. Product - Droid Turbo 2 Case, PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL CLEAR CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 PHONE (aka MOTO X FORCE) XT1580 XT1585. Price List price $ 8. Droid Turbo 2 Case , PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL CLEAR CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 PHONE (aka MOTO X FORCE) XT1580 XT1585. Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black (EVO-MOTXT1585-AB201). Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black (EVO-MOTXT1585-AB201). Product - Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Turbo (1st gen) - Red/Black. Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Turbo (1st gen) - Red/Black. Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel [Lightweight] [Slim Profile] [Dual Layer] [Smooth Finish] [Raised Lip] Armure Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel [Lightweight] [Slim Profile] [Dual Layer] [Smooth Finish] [Raised Lip] Armure Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Blue Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Blue Camouflage. Product - PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL BLACK/CLEAR CASE COVER FOR MOTOROLA DROID TURBO XT1254. Price List price $ 15. PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL BLACK/CLEAR CASE COVER FOR MOTOROLA DROID TURBO XT1254. Product - LifeProof fre Waterproof Case for Motorola Droid Turbo - Black. Price List price $ 141. LifeProof fre Waterproof Case for Motorola Droid Turbo - Black. Product - Incipio DualPro Protective Case Cover for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Black. Incipio DualPro Protective Case Cover for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Black. Product - Multi Purple Butterfly Pink Wallet Folio Case for Motorola DROID Turbo XT1254 Fashion Flip PU Leather Cover Card Slots & Stand. Price List price $ 24. Multi Purple Butterfly Pink Wallet Folio Case for Motorola DROID Turbo XT1254 Fashion Flip PU Leather Cover Card Slots & Stand. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Heavenly Stars. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Heavenly Stars. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Colorful Water Skull. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Colorful Water Skull. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Motorcycle in Flames. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Motorcycle in Flames. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Pink Deer Stag. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Pink Deer Stag. Product - Motorola Flip Case for Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 - Black Leather/Ballistic Nylon. Motorola Flip Case for Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 - Black Leather/Ballistic Nylon. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Blue and Red Skull. 49 - $ 10. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Blue and Red Skull. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Big Game Bass. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Big Game Bass. Product - EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Rubber Hybrid Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Red/Black. EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Rubber Hybrid Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Red/Black. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Purple Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Purple Camouflage. Product - Fosmon [RUGGED] Verizon Motorola DROID Turbo Case - HYBO-RAGGED Heavy Duty Hybrid Protective Cover with Kickstand (Black). Fosmon [RUGGED] Verizon Motorola DROID Turbo Case - HYBO-RAGGED Heavy Duty Hybrid Protective Cover with Kickstand (Black). Product - EagleCell Hard Rubber Cover Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink. EagleCell Hard Rubber Cover Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink. Product - Incipio Octane Impact Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Frost Blue. Price List price $ 19. Incipio Octane Impact Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Frost Blue. Product - EagleCell Symbiosis Silicone Dual Layer Rubber Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Black/Hot Pink. EagleCell Symbiosis Silicone Dual Layer Rubber Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Black/Hot Pink. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Tron Gun. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Miniturtle® Clip Armor Dual Layer Case Rugged Exterior with Built in Kickstand + Holster - Tron Gun. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Gray Camouflage. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Gray Camouflage. Product - EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Silicone Hybrid Rubber Hard Cover Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink/White. EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Silicone Hybrid Rubber Hard Cover Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink/White. Product - EagleCell Symbiosis Skin Dual Layer Rubber Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink/White. EagleCell Symbiosis Skin Dual Layer Rubber Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink/White. Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel [Folio Case] [Flip Open] [Kickstand] [Canvas Material] [Magnetic Closure] Folio Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel [Folio Case ] [Flip Open] [Kickstand] [Canvas Material] [Magnetic Closure] Folio Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Heavenly Stars. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Heavenly Stars. Product - OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Defender Series. OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Defender Series. Product - OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Commuter Series. OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Commuter Series. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bullet Holes. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bullet Holes. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Demon Skull. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Demon Skull. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Flower Skull. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Motorola XT1585 [ Clip Armor ] Rugged Impact Case with a Built In Kickstand and Holster - Flower Skull. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 379 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-184515553, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Phone Cables. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Cellet 9FT. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, White. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Snakeskin Inspired Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Blue. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, White. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -3ft Cellet Micro USB Cable, Black. Made of durable materials with premium metallic connector housing to withstand everyday wear and tear. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Fits any device with a built-in micro USB port (most smartphones, Android, hard drives, printers and more). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, White. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Red. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, White. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Lavender. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Lavender (color tone may vary). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Vegan Leather Portable Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable Keychain, Black. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -MHL 6' 6" Micro USB to HDMI Adapter & USB 2.0 Cable. Enjoy your favorite shows, movies, and games on a television screen. Turns your phone’s micro USB port into a standard HDMI cable. Transfers video and audio to a high definition television set. 3 connectors: microUSB (in), HDMI (out), and USB 2.0 (power). USB 2.0 connector included to charge your device. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Black. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Cellet 5FT. Long Tip Micro USB Cable, Black. Extra-long 8mm micro USB connector for devices with recessed micro USB ports. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -LED Color Changing Micro USB Cable, Red. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Cellet 5ft LED Micro USB Cable, Black. LED indicator light makes it easy to find in the dark. Velcro straps keeps cable bundled and organized. Use with any wall adapter or computer to charge. Syncs and transfers files to computer. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Vegan Leather Portable Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable Keychain, Red. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Snakeskin Inspired Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Brown. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Yellow. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Denim Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Brown. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Lime Green. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Cellet 5FT. Sync / transfer files at 480Mbps high speed. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Light Blue. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. black white gray. The Motorola DROID Turbo 2 runs Android 5.1 Lollipop OS out of the box. It is a device built with a 5.4-inch AMOLED display, a 1440x2560 resolution and a 540ppi index. Powering it from within is 2GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor with 3GB of RAM and the Adreno 430 GPU. Its internal storage capacity is 64GB with an option to expand this by up to 2TB through the use of a microSD card. Photos may be captured from the 21MP rear-facing sensor or the 5MP camera in front. The camera on the back can also record videos with 4K quality. The 3760mAh battery comes with built-in Qi wireless charging. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. DROID Turbo 2 Unboxing and Impressions. The new DROID Turbo 2 is packed with some really crazy good stuff.. Is the Droid Turbo 2 display really unbreakable?. Drop testing the new Droid Turbo 2 flagship smartphone from Verizon and Motorola.. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on Buy 3 Amazon Cloud Cams, Save $70 with code 3CLOUDCAM Use Code: 3CLOUDCAM. Ellipsis 10 HD tablet, just $99.99 w/new 2 yr activation. Save $100 on Moto X4 Now: $299.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. 25% off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+.. Up to $50 off Moto G5s Plus from $249.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $40 off Moto G5 Plus from $209.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $30 off the Moto E4 Plus Was: $179.99 Now: $149.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Deal of the Day: 61% off a Tower Paddle Boards Adventurer 2 Inflatable SUP Package Was: $1279 Now: $499.. Get $25 off any bluetooth headphones with Google Pixel 2 or 2XL purchase. Must be purchased in same order.. Get $200 off Motorola Z2 Force. Motorola DROID Maxx 2 ZTE Prestige OnePlus X Samsung Galaxy View. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 14 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 11 hours ago. 1 week 10 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > DROID TURBO 2 > > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Mar 3, 2016 10:26 AM by gr8gatsb. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. MinnesotaMary Feb 21, 2016 5:47 PM. Tags: none ( add ). A green vertical line appeared two days ago towards the right side of the screen. Has anyone else seen this? What can I do? Phone has not been dropped as was suggested on other sites. This content has been marked as final.. Show 10 replies. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to MinnesotaMary ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). @MinnesotaMary It’s important to me that your Motorola Droid Turbo 2 device is functioning as expected. Were you doing anything in particular on your device when this green line appeared? Had you recently installed any new applications or performed a software update? Has there been any physical or liquid damages to your device? Please let me know so that I can further assist. AnthonyTa_VZW Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport If my response answered your question please click the �Correct Answer� button under my response. This ensures others can benefit from our conversation. Thanks in advance for your help with this!!. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to Verizon Wireless Customer Support ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I woke up one morning to find the green line. I am very careful with my phone. I keep it away from water and humidity. My phone was plugged into the power supply overnight. No new software but I did run Verizon's tool set to optimize the phone.. The line is getting bigger and brighter every day. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to MinnesotaMary ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Than you for reaching out to us, MinnesotaMary. It's important to us that we go over every necessary troubleshooting step and get to the bottom of what the root cause is for this line on your screen.. the next best step would be to perform a soft reset on the phone http://vz.to/1SZ7wsh and please update us on any changes you see on the device. This is a good starting point for our troubleshooting steps. Please reach back out to us when you have the oportunity and I would be more than happy to conitnue assiting. SteveRR_VZW Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport If my response answered your question please click the 'Correct Answer' button under my response. This ensures others can benefit from our conversation. Thanks in advance for your help with this!. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to Verizon Wireless Customer Support ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Of course that was the first thing I did when I saw the green line. I just did the power down again. The green line was there the entire time the device was powering back up. It was shown over all the boot screens. The green line is getting thicker and brighter every day. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to Verizon Wireless Customer Support ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Hey Verizon support, any other tips? The line is getting thicker every day and it is starting to interfere with my ability to use my phone. What can I do? Please help!. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to MinnesotaMary ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Verizon support, is anyone out there? Do I need to switch providers after 20 years? Please help!!!. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to MinnesotaMary ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to MinnesotaMary ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I would log onto the Motorola website and initiate a chat with support. Have your serial number, IEMI and date of. Your device is covered under warranty for 1 year. I have read about this issue in the Android Central Motorola Droid Turbo 2 forum and Motorola is replacing phones with this issue under warranty.. I have never had an issue with Motorola as far as warranty replacement when a defect arises.. Motorola Support - Find Answers | Motorola Mobility, Inc.. Re: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 green line. ( in response to MinnesotaMary ). Like Show 1 Likes (1). Get in touch with Motorola, they will send you a replacement. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
