GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 144.3 x 73 x 9.5 mm (5.68 x 2.87 x 0.37 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~65.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~441 ppi density). Android 7.0 (Nougat), planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo). 13 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Lunar Grey, Fine Gold, Sapphire Blue. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto G5 - user opinions and reviews. Poor quality screen: my Lumia 735 was cheaper and has much more accurate screen colors. Infrequent security updates, I've got the security patch level november-2017 with 3 month lat.... I just hope Oreo comes out by the end of Feb.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G4. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (42). Click to read the full review. The Moto G5 features a 5-inch 1080p display and a Snapdragon 430 CPU. The handset runs Android 7.0 Nougat, further offering LTE, 3 GB of RAM, 16 GB of expandable storage space, and a 2800 mAh battery. As for cameras, there's a 13 MP one on the back, and a 5 MP one on the front.. Motorola Moto G5 Review Motorola Moto G5 manual Motorola Moto G5 benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.68 x 2.87 x 0.37 inches (144.3 x 73. Weight: 5.13 oz (146 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Aluminum; Accents: Plastic. Display Physical size: 5.0 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 19, 20, 28. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 26 Feb 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: € 199. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Motorola Moto G (5th Gen.). Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto G5 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Leaked images offer first look at upcoming all-metal Moto G5S. Sapphire Blue Moto G5 leaks out, Internet still obsessed with Product Red iPhone. The Moto G5 is now available for purchase in Europe. Official videos show what has been added to the Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus. Moto G5 and G5 Plus: the no-nonsense midranger strikes again!. Picture of Moto G5 leaks along with a shot of the box it comes in. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 5.68 x 2.87 x 0.37 inches (144.3 x 73. Weight 5.13 oz (146 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Aluminum; Accents: Plastic. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 19, 20, 28. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto G5. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto G5 smartphone was launched in February 2017. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 441 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto G5 price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto G5 is powered by 1.4GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto G5 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto G5 runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 2800mAh removable battery. It measures 144.30 x 73.00 x 9.50 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 145.00 grams. The Motorola Moto G5 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Light and easy to grip Stock Android Nougat Decent camera Image backups via Google Photos for two years Bad Heating issues Average battery performance. Read detailed Motorola Moto G5 review. Moto E4, Moto G5, Moto M, Moto Z2 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Offers in India. Nokia 5 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Vivo Y55s vs Moto G5: Price in India, Specifications Compared. Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus Now Available via Offline Retailers in India. Yu Yureka Black vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Moto G5 vs Coolpad Note 5 Lite: Price and Specifications Compared. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto G5 Price in India Moto G5 (Fine Gold, 16GB) Rs. 8,355 Moto G5 (Lunar Grey, 16GB) Rs. Release date February 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 144.30 x 73.00 x 9.50 Weight (g) 145.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2800 Removable battery Yes Colours Lunar Grey, Fine Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 441. Processor 1.4GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 RAM 3GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto G5. 3 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 1. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. Nice product from moto &amp; lenovo... By Adite Tester | 27 Mar 2017. Nice product from moto & lenovo... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Indian Parinda | 5 Apr 2017. AS PR MY REVIEWS FORM MANY WEBSITES I AM NOT SATISFY WITH MOTO PHONES QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto E4, Moto G5, Moto M, Moto Z2 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Offers in India. Nokia 5 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Vivo Y55s vs Moto G5: Price in India, Specifications Compared. Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus Now Available via Offline Retailers in India. Yu Yureka Black vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Moto G5 vs Coolpad Note 5 Lite: Price and Specifications Compared. Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Lenovo K6 Power vs Moto G5 vs Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace: Price, Specifications, Design Compared. Nokia 5 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Moto G5 vs Oppo A57: Price and Specifications Compared. 1,000 Cashback for Amazon Prime Members. Moto G5 With Metal Body, Android 7.0 Nougat Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. Moto G5 India Launch Set for Today; How to Watch Live Stream. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto G5 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Note 3 vs. Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5s vs. Motorola Moto G5s Plus vs. Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy J3 2017 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus LG K10a 2018 vs. Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto G5 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola moto g5. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola moto g5. Save motorola moto g5 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola moto g5 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Moto G5 Plus Unlocked motorola 32GB GSM/CDMA smartphone gray 5.2 display 4G LTE. Moto G5 Plus XT1687 ~ 32GB ~ 4G LTE UNLOCKED Lunar Gray Android Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. For Motorola Moto G5S Plus Shockproof Armor Carbon Fiber Hybrid Brush Cover Case. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB 4GB RAM. Motorola Moto G5 XT1676 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" 16GB 3GB RAM Gray Gold. NEW MOTO G5 Plus 32GB Grey Unlocked XT1687 NO LOCKSCREEN ADS FREE Shipping. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Hybrid Rubber Silicone Soft Brushed Case Cover For Motorola Moto G5/G5 Plus C Z. Moto G Plus (5th Generation) G5 - Lunar Gray - 64GB - Unlocked - Prime Exclusive. 2 new & refurbished from $239.00. Soft TPU Protective Case Cover Back Skin For Motorola Moto G G2 G3 G4 G5 E3 E4. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. For Motorola Moto G5s Plus Shockproof Full Cover Armor Rugged Hard PC Back Case. MOTOROLA MOTO G5 XT1671 DS 32GB DUAL SIM GOLD/GRAY FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. For Motorola MOTO G5s Plus Case, Hybrid Armor Protective Cover with Kickstand. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB Gray. For Motorola Moto G5 G5S Plus Slim Shockproof Brushed Soft TPU Rubber Case Cover. Case For Motorola Moto G5 Plus Poetic【Revolut ion】Built-In Screen Protective Case. 11 new & refurbished from $12.95. NEW Motorola Moto G5 Plus (XT1685) 5.2" 4GB / 32GB (GSM ONLY) Factory UNLOCKED. For Motorola Moto G5 G5 Plus Fashion Shockproof Kickstand Cover Case TPU&PC. For Motorola Moto G6 G5s Plus Case 360° Shockproof Hybrid Hard Back Cover Skin. Motorola Moto G5S Plus (XT1806) 32GB (Factory Unlocked) GREAT CONDITION - NO ADS. For MotoRola MOTO G5 / G5 PLUS Hard Case Cover + Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Case Ringke [FUSION] Clear PC Back TPU Bumper Raised Bezel. For Motorola Moto G5/G4/G6 Plus Shockproof Hybrid Armor Rugged Hard Case Cover. Case G5 Plus Mirror Back Rubber Crystal Clear Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Plus G5. For Motorola Moto G4 G5 G6 Plus Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof Hard PC Case Cover. Shockproof Soft TPU Phone Case Brushed Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5 Plus/Play. Crystal Silicone Soft Rubber TPU Shockproof Case Cover For Motorola Moto C/G6/G5. For Motorola Moto G5S/G5S Plus Shockproof Soft PU Leather Skin Back Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G5 G5S Plus Slim Shockproof Soft Patterned Case Cover. For MotoRola MOTO G5 PLUS Hard Case Cover + 1x Tempered Glass Screen Protectors. Shockproof Brushed Carbon Fiber TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5 X Z Play. Dynamic Glitter Liquid Quicksand Clear TPU Phone Case Cover for Motorola Moto G5. Fosmon for Moto G5 Plus G5 Slim Tough Shockproof Clear Bumper Case Cover Skin. For Motorola E4 Plus C G5S G6/4 Shockproof Carbon Fiber Slim Soft TPU Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 C E4 G5 G5S Plus Luxury Flip Card Wallet Leather Case Cover. TPU SILICONE COVER FOR MOTOROLA MOTO G5 PLUS SOFT CASE SILICON BUMPER MOBILE. For Motorola Moto G4 G5 G5S Plus Premium HD [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector. For Samsung Galaxy S8 / S8 Plus Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Phone Case Cover. Anti-fingerpri nt Ultra Slim PC Hard Matte Case Cover For Motorola MOTO Series. Brand New Moto G5 XT1676 16GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Space Gray. For Motorola Moto G5s G4 G5 E4 C Plus Soft TPU Protective Cases Cover Back Skin. For Motorola Moto C E4 G5 G5S Plus Luxury Flip Painted Wallet Leather Case Cover. Slim Brushed Soft TPU Silicone Hybrid Shield Cover fr Moto Motorola G5 Plus Case. Shockproof Aluminum Metal Case Brushed Back PC Cover For Motorola Moto G5 +/Plus. Rugged Armor Shockproof Hybrid Cover Case For Motorola Moto G4/Plus/Play/G 3/E3/M. For Motorola Moto Phone Shockproof Anti-knock Silicone Case Transparent Cover. Shockproof Brushed Carbon Fiber TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5s Plus G6. 7.5H Back Camera Lens Tempered Glass Protector Case For Motorola Moto G5s Plus +. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Motorola Moto C G4 G5 E4 Plus X Force. Soft TPU Protective Case Cover Back Skin For Motorola Moto G5 Plus G3 G4 Play E4. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. High Quality Shockproof Case for Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. For Moto G5 G5 Plus Case & Tempered Glass &High Quality. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. A rock-bottom bargain for your everyday essentials. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Moto G5 costs little, but packs a full-HD screen, good cameras and enough power for your everyday essentials.. The Bad The dim screen can be difficult to read under bright lights and you'll need to be careful if you want to get a whole day out of the battery.. The Bottom Line The Moto G5 is the phone to get if you want an everyday phone for as little possible, but if you want higher-end features like NFC then go for the G5 Plus.. There's a lot I like about the Moto G5, and it's not just the extremely low price.. The G5 will set you back only £170 in the UK. It won't be heading to the US and Australian prices are yet to be confirmed, but its UK price converts to roughly $220 and AU$ 289.. It's joined by its bigger brother, the G5 Plus. Unlike the G5, the Plus comes with a larger 5.2-inch display (compared with 5 inches), a slightly faster processor and NFC for Android Pay. The Plus costs £249 here in the UK -- and it will be heading to the US -- so it's a big step up, but it's worth considering if contactless payments are your thing. Read our full review of the G5 Plus here .. I see the G5's metal design more often on top-end phones with higher prices attached. It's comfortable to hold and I'm keen on the soft gold colour of my review model. There's a fingerprint scanner on the front below the screen. It works well and functions as a combined home and back button, once you've activated the functionality in the settings. You can read more about this button in our Moto G5 Plus review. There's no NFC, so for contactless Android Pay transactions you'll need to upgrade to the G5 Plus.. The 5-inch display has a full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel) resolution, making app icons and fine text appear sufficiently crisp and sharp. This isn't the 2,560x1,440 resolution of premium phones like the Galaxy S8 , but it's fine for an affordable 5-inch phone. One problem, though: It's not very bright, which makes the screen sometimes difficult to see under bright light. The gap between the outer screen cover and the display itself is too large, giving the display a "sunken" effect which cheapens the look of the phone.. The 13-megapixel camera on the back takes decent snaps. Colours are vibrant, the exposure is well balanced and the resolution is high enough to cram in plenty of detail. In low-light, shots are again well exposed but the camera uses a slower shutter speed to capture enough light, which results in blurry photos if you don't keep your hands steady. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera does a good job of capturing selfies, and there's a beauty tool that smooths out your skin if you're worried people will figure out your age on Instagram.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto G5. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Tablet / Data-Only Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto G5 currently has an Informr score of 7.6 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 23. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. What's good Detailed and crisp display Premium build and feel Great phone for the price Good color reproduction and details in daylight photos Relatively smooth performance. What's bad Display doesn’t have great contrast Low light photos have noise and color degradation. Known for offering premium phones at affordable prices, Lenovo’s Moto G-series is a popular choice for phone buyer’s looking for a good deal.. Does the Moto G5 stick with what’s made the brand so popular?. Reviews are out and we’ve dug through them all to bring you this summary. The G5 steps away from the standard design choices of its predecessors by adding touches of metal. But it isn’t a unibody design. In fact, plastic makes up the rest of the phone’s body.. Still, the added heft of the aluminum provides what reviewers consider an excellent feel and premium appearance. With that said, most admit that compared to other phones, the G5’s design “isn’t likely to turn heads…”. The G5’s greatest strength is its 5-inch IPS LCD screen. With its 1080-by-1920 resolution, it offers a pixel density of 441ppi. This means it’s just as sharp as the Google Pixel and iPhone 7 Plus .. Experts noticed the screen didn’t offer quite the same depth of color or contrast as more expensive phones. This wasn’t a deal breaker for most reviewers as they only noticed the differences when comparing it side-by-side with other flagship phones.. So how can the Moto G5 be so affordable if it has a great screen and excellent build quality? The answer lies in the internal specs.. It comes with a 1.4GHz octa-core processor and up to 3GB of RAM. While this might sound impressive, the processor itself is weaker than the G4’s older processor. When critics put the G5 through benchmark tests they found it slower than the G4 on paper.. In actual use, however, they did not experience lag. And while there were some frame rate drops when playing graphic-intensive games, overall it performed admirably. PC Advisor adds, “The G5 never feels like it’s under-performing despite its benchmarks.”. The biggest limitation is internal storage. Of the 16GB included, only 10GB of free storage is available for use. Fortunately, there’s a microSD slot for easy expansion.. As for battery life, the 2800mAh battery provided a full day of charge for most critics even with heavy usage.. For you smartphone photographers, the 13MP camera didn’t wow reviewers. They could capture good details in well-lit situations. Images showed little noise, vivid and accurate colors and excellent contrast. Many even praised the app itself as it is easy to use, focus and allows advanced controls—such as exposure adjustment.. In lower light situations, noise increased and color fidelity dropped. Overall, they consider it a decent camera—especially for the price.. Overall, while many didn’t feel the G5 brings anything incredible to the table, reviewers still consider it an excellent value. Techradar states, “… this is still a great buy…” NDTV adds, “… it won’t disappoint you in daily use…”. There's little to sway us from our initial verdict, even with the newcomers that arrived on the scene since the Moto G5's original launch. It's still a stylish smartphone that's comparatively compact with a great screen, great everyday performance and battery life, and a competent primary camera for.... With a shiny new metal body, a super-slick fingerprint sensor and decent specs, the Moto G5 offers real value for money. It’s another obvious choice for Android bargain hunters.. With other manufacturers pushing into pricier brackets, the Moto G5 sticks to its £169 guns and delivers a fairly knock-out performance for the price point. It's more sophisticated to look at than its G4 predecessor, will handle all manner of tasks easily, and has a nifty fingerprint scanner t.... The G5 offers good value, a solid package of features including good camera hardware/software and a fast optimised, often updated implementation of Android 7.0. Motorola has enjoyed a lot of success with the Moto G line, and it’s not hard to see why. The Moto G5 isn’t a stellar handset in performance terms, but it’s an entirely suitable one for essential smartphone tasks, priced in a way that makes it appealing on its own terms.. Motorola released the Moto G5 on March 11, 2017.. The Moto G5 price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Motorola Moto G5 prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Moto G5 manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto G5 user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto G5 with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto G5 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Can you send me unlock code for my Motorola Moto G5?. 1 How to fix Motorola Moto G5 Bluetooth problem?. 1 How to backup photos when Motorola Moto G5 died while charging?. 1 How many card slots does Motorola Moto G5 have?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto G5's screen size is 5 inches with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm MSM8937 Snapdragon 430 Octa core 1.4 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 2800 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1 minutes, 425 minutes Wi-Fi surfing.. Qualcomm MSM8937 Snapdragon 430 Octa core 1.4 GHz. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.4 x 7.3 x 0.9 cm (5.7 x 2.9 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Panorama, Self-timer, Burst shot, HDR, Slow motion recording. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, MP4, M4A, WMA, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto G5 Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto G5. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 700/2100/800/850 /900/1800/2600/2300 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Also available in 2 GB of RAM.. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto G5. Dependable everyday performance and great all-day battery life. There's little to sway us from our initial verdict, even with the newcomers that arrived on the scene since the Moto G5's original launch. It's still a stylish smartphone that's comparatively compact with a great screen, great everyday performance and battery life, and a competent primary camera for the £169 price tag.. There's little to sway us from our initial verdict, even with the newcomers that arrived on the scene since the Moto G5's original launch. It's still a stylish smartphone that's comparatively compact with a great screen, great everyday performance and battery life, and a competent primary camera for the £169 price tag.. A premium touch arrives on the best-selling budget Android. With a shiny new metal body, a super-slick fingerprint sensor and decent specs, the Moto G5 offers real value for money. It’s another obvious choice for Android bargain hunters.. With a shiny new metal body, a super-slick fingerprint sensor and decent specs, the Moto G5 offers real value for money. It’s another obvious choice for Android bargain hunters.. If price is everything, this is the budget phone to buy. With other manufacturers pushing into pricier brackets, the Moto G5 sticks to its £169 guns and delivers a fairly knock-out performance for the price point. It's more sophisticated to look at than its G4 predecessor, will handle all manner of tasks easily, and has a nifty fingerprint scanner too.. With other manufacturers pushing into pricier brackets, the Moto G5 sticks to its £169 guns and delivers a fairly knock-out performance for the price point. It's more sophisticated to look at than its G4 predecessor, will handle all manner of tasks easily, and has a nifty fingerprint scanner too.. The G5 offers good value, a solid package of features including good camera hardware/software and a fast optimised, often updated implementation of Android 7.0. The G5 offers good value, a solid package of features including good camera hardware/software and a fast optimised, often updated implementation of Android 7.0. Motorola has enjoyed a lot of success with the Moto G line, and it’s not hard to see why. The Moto G5 isn’t a stellar handset in performance terms, but it’s an entirely suitable one for essential smartphone tasks, priced in a way that makes it appealing on its own terms.. Motorola has enjoyed a lot of success with the Moto G line, and it’s not hard to see why. The Moto G5 isn’t a stellar handset in performance terms, but it’s an entirely suitable one for essential smartphone tasks, priced in a way that makes it appealing on its own terms.. Audio performance isn’t what it might be but this is still a great budget phone. The G5 adds another successful handset to Moto’s growing line of budget wins. That said, considering its strong performance almost entirely across the board we can’t help but find its audio performance a bit of a let-down, even at this level.. The G5 adds another successful handset to Moto’s growing line of budget wins. That said, considering its strong performance almost entirely across the board we can’t help but find its audio performance a bit of a let-down, even at this level.. Almost perfect as a midrange device. The Moto G5 is a tremendous accomplishment, specially for the price. It is almost perfect as a midrange device and is really one NFC chip and USB Type-C port away from being a great choice. For users who don't see themselves using mobile payments or want the latest standard in connectivity, the M... The Moto G5 is a tremendous accomplishment, specially for the price. It is almost perfect as a midrange device and is really one NFC chip and USB Type-C port away from being a great choice. For users who don't see themselves using mobile payments or want the latest standard in connectivity, the Moto G5 will be sufficient for most of their needs.. A $250 smartphone with everything you need. At $250 and with so much to commend it, the Moto G5 has become my new favourite budget device, and in some respects rates on a par with mid-range devices I’ve tried, particularly when it comes to battery, design and UI. Those who don’t need a premium device or are looking for a phone... At $250 and with so much to commend it, the Moto G5 has become my new favourite budget device, and in some respects rates on a par with mid-range devices I’ve tried, particularly when it comes to battery, design and UI. Those who don’t need a premium device or are looking for a phone to buy outright for easy roaming might be hard pressed to find a better all-encompassing option.. A decent cheap phone that gets the job done. This super cheap price segment that the Moto G5 belongs to is all about compromise, though, and the G5 makes a lot of those compromises: the design is outdated, the camera is decidedly average, battery life is good, but not great, and the performance is decent, but not future-proof. This super cheap price segment that the Moto G5 belongs to is all about compromise, though, and the G5 makes a lot of those compromises: the design is outdated, the camera is decidedly average, battery life is good, but not great, and the performance is decent, but not future-proof. That said, we can't deny the fact that the Moto G5 presents us with what's probably the best possible all-around experience at this super-low price point.. A very interesting lower midrange alternative. At first glance we can already tell that the Moto G5 is indeed a very interesting smartphone: affordable yet equipped with a premium display, light metal case, decent interior, and user replaceable battery. Lenovo seems to be on a mission to prove that even competing in the lower midrange market... At first glance we can already tell that the Moto G5 is indeed a very interesting smartphone: affordable yet equipped with a premium display, light metal case, decent interior, and user replaceable battery. Lenovo seems to be on a mission to prove that even competing in the lower midrange market doesn’t necessarily have to mean dark, low resolution displays and slow communication ICs.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Motorola Moto G5 My Expectations Thoughts & Leaks. Motorola Moto G5 vs Motorola Moto G4 Plus. Motorola Moto G5 - Which Is Faster?. Motorola Moto G5 unboxing + first test results. Motorola Moto G5 5th Generation 2017 Disassembly Teardown Screen LCD Replacement Repair Video. Motorola Moto G5 vs Sony Xperia XA Ultra. Motorola Moto G5 vs Huawei P9 lite. Motorola Moto G5 vs Apple iPhone SE. Motorola Moto G5 Play (2017) Full Specs, Price, Release Date, Review || Motorola BUDGET PHONE !!. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Which? uses cookies to improve our sites and by continuing you agree to our cookies policy. Technology Home & garden Money Baby & child Cars & travel Campaigns Services More from Which?. Technology TV & home entertainment Computing Digital cameras Audio Phones Car technology Wearable technology Broadband, mobile & TV services Smart homes and gadgets. Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers. The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands.. Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems.. Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Ebook readers Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Cloud storage tools Tablets Wi-fi routers and extenders Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers External hard drives Desktop PCs. The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens.. Best cheap laptops for under £500. You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop.. Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune.. Troubleshooting tips and simple tutorials on our tech advice website. Contact the Which? Tech Support Helpline for jargon-free technical support. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Compact cameras Bridge cameras DSLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras. Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras.. These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions.. Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Radios Headphones Mini hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players and turntables MP3 players. Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested.. Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure.. Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers. The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries.. Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best.. Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom.. How to buy the best sat nav. Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav.. Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Find out about the Which? Car Survey. Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars.. Smartwatches Fitness watches & activity trackers. Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin.. From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all.. Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Broadband providers Broadband speed test. We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers.. We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider.. Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV.. Contact the Which? Tech Support Helpline for jargon-free technical support. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Smart home hubs Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Home automation explained Drones Virtual reality Smart home automation. The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link.. Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Home & garden Kitchen Bedroom Bathroom Garden Laundry & floorcare Heating, energy & air treatment Household essentials Shopping, food & drink Home improvements Home security & safety Health & personal care Mobility & disability aids. Refrigeration appliances Cookers & ovens Dishwashing Kettles & coffee makers Mixers, blenders & juicers Small cooking appliances Kitchen accessories. Refrigeration appliances Fridge freezers Fridges Freezers. Cookers & ovens Built-in ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Halogen ovens. Dishwashing Dishwashers Dishwasher tablets Washing-up liquid Limescale remover. Kettles & coffee makers Coffee machines Filter coffee makers Kettles Nespresso compatible coffee capsules. Mixers, blenders & juicers Food processors Stand mixers Blenders Juicers Hand blenders Hand mixers. Small cooking appliances Toasters Bread makers Air fryers Steamers Slow cookers George Foreman grills Ice cream makers Soup makers. Kitchen accessories Steam cleaners Spiralizers Ice cream makers Kitchen knives Cheap small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Mattresses Mattress brands Adjustable beds Electric blankets Mattress toppers Pillows Duvets. Thousands of owners have rated their brand of mattress in our survey to reveal the best brands for getting a great night's sleep.. Choosing the best type of mattress. Memory foam, pocket sprung or latex? We explain the options for finding the best mattress.. Expert tips for choosing the right bed for you and your home.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Electric showers Electric toothbrushes Electric shavers Beard trimmers & hair clippers Hair dryers Epilators Bathroom scales Bathroom brands Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Limescale removers Bath aids Toiletries shopping. How to choose the best shower. What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models.. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous lab tests.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Gardening tools What to grow Gardening accessories. Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors. What to grow Gardening through the year Grow your own. Gardening accessories Barbecues Compost Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Mini greenhouses Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Artificial grass. Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead.. This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend.. We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Find simple solutions to your gardening questions.. Laundry Washing machines Washer dryers Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioners Tumble dryers Steam irons Garment steamers Electrical stores rated Sewing machines. Vacuums & floorcare Vacuum cleaners Cordless vacuums Handheld vacuums Robot vacuums Carpet cleaners Steam cleaners Carpet stain removers. Top five best cheap washing machines. Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test.. The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless.. Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Heating Air treatment Electricity Energy bills & companies Generating your own energy. Heating Boilers Boiler servicing contracts Smart thermostats Carbon monoxide detectors Wood burning stoves Home heating systems Underfloor heating systems Heating oil Electric heaters. Air treatment Dehumidifiers Air conditioners Air purifiers. Electricity Energy monitors Smart meters Smart thermostats Solar panels Saving money on your energy bills. Energy bills & companies Energy companies Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants. Generating your own energy Solar panels Wood burning stoves Wind turbines Ground source heat pumps Air source heat pumps Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI). Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Batteries Rechargeable batteries Light bulbs Best cleaning products Dishwasher tablets Washing-up liquid Limescale remover Laundry detergent Fabric conditioners Carpet stain removers. Find out which own-brand and branded laundry detergents and washing powders deliver top-class cleaning at the best price.. Five tips for choosing the right light bulb. From fittings to colour temperatures, how to buy the best halogen, LED or standard light bulb for your needs.. Fed up of opening the dishwasher to find streaky glasses and grimy plates? We reveal the best dishwasher tablets to make the whole load sparkle.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Shopping Product safety Research and testing methods Best and worst shops Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Boxing Day and January sales Electrical stores rated. Food and drink Nespresso compatible coffee capsules Best food and drink Pet food Supermarkets. Find out how your supermarket compares with the rest using the results of our poll of thousands of shoppers.. The results of our price comparison reveals this month's cheapest and priciest places to shop for groceries.. Top-rated supermarket and branded fizz, based on the verdict of our expert panel of taste testers.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on food & drink. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Renovating your home Power tools DIY and home maintenance. Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Insulation Double glazing Wood flooring Home grants. Power tools Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Drills. DIY and home maintenance Damp Best DIY stores and DIY websites. We've surveyed more than 2,000 owners to bring you customer scores and ratings for 11 top fitted-kitchen brands.. The best and worst double glazing firms, as voted for by thousands of Which? members.. Expert advice on getting rid of damp caused by condensation, penetrating damp and rising damp.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home & property. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Burglar alarms and home security Smoke alarms Carbon monoxide detectors Wireless security cameras Shredders Baby monitors Stair gates Anti-virus software. Find the best company to install your burglar alarm with our exclusive reviews.. Keep your family safe by choosing one of the smoke alarms that earned top marks in our stringent safety tests.. Smart home security and monitoring To enable screen reader support. From wireless security cameras to door sensors, we explain the kit you can use to monitor your home.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Know your rights - Home & property. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Health & personal care Shaving & haircare. Health & personal care Painkillers Electric toothbrushes Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Optician stores Laser eye surgery Blood pressure monitors Health accessories Toiletries shopping Hearing aids Fitness trackers Fitness watches SAD lamps. Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers. How to choose the best shower. What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models.. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous lab tests.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Bath aids Mobility aids Hearing aids. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one.. We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces.. Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Money Insurance Tax Mortgages & property Credit cards & loans Pensions & retirement Savings & Isas Investing Wills & probate Banking Money-saving tips. Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance. How to get cheap car insurance. Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover.. See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction.. We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Tax calculator. Our easy-to-use tax return tool helps you calculate your annual tax bill, offering tips and tricks to save money, and you can submit your return direct to HMRC.. Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead. Understand the system and what you could be entitled to. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property. Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more.. Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro.. Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in.. 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers.. Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees.. Find the best high-street estate agents by comparing their past performance and fees.. Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it. Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters.. Tips to finding the best credit card. The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you.. Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired: working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Which? Elderly Care. Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get. The best income from your pension pot. Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination?. Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown?. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care.. The different types of savings account. Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds.. How to find the best cash Isa. With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account.. Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have.. Compare savings accounts and Isa rates. Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare.. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice. Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place?. How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa. Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions?. Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service.. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Which? Elderly Care. Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional.. Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself.. Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in.. Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable.. Get expert legal advice on probate. Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking security and new ways to pay. Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings.. Best banks for dealing with fraud. Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims.. Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants. Learn how you could pocket an extra £1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances.. Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money.. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets. From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey.. Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Baby & child Baby transport Nursery & feeding Child safety at home Shopping & family finances. Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children. Top 10 best child car seats. Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit.. Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down.. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling. Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Feeding and changing Nursery Bath and bedtime Pregnancy and birth. Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Baby wipes. Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Nursery furniture. Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses. Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Which? Birth Choice. These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests.. Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier.. Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expressing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Smart toys - should you buy them?. These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most.. The best nit and head lice treatments. Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best.. How to choose the best stair gate. We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Shopping for your baby Family finances Working parents. Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products. Family finances Tax credits & benefits. What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies.. Parents' 10 most useful baby products. Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust.. Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Cars & travel Cars Travel. Car reviews Car brand reviews Choosing a car advice Car ownership advice. Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars. Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews >. Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides >. Car ownership advice Most reliable cars Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands Best car breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides >. Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring. Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Travel essentials Transport & accommodation Outdoor clothing & accessories Planning your trip. Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health. Transport & accommodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire. Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories. Planning your trip Tripadvisor Cruise lines Travel agents Destinations. We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down.. There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid.. Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money.. Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Our care system is at breaking point. Help us convince the government to confront the creaking care system.. Join us in calling on the government, regulators and businesses to confront scams head on.. When your flight's delayed, all airlines should compensate you automatically. Dangerous products are putting millions of people at risk. Sign our petition to demand action now.. Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out.. Our railways are plagued by delays, cancellations and overcrowding. Sign our petition to demand better.. New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions.. Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits.. Free-to-use cashpoints are at risk of closure. We want the regulator to take action now to save Britain's cashpoints.. Do you feel tricked by sneaky fees and charges? Sign our petition to help us put a stop to this practice.. We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly - help us hold them to account.. Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition.. A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day.. An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong.. Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action.. Consumer advice Which? services Member exclusive. Consumer advice Consumer Rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline. Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate. Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk Gardening Helpdesk. More from Which? About Which? News & community. About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us 60 years of Which?. Which? membership Our products and services Log in. Latest news from Which? Which? Conversation. My account Log in Sign up. Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Mobile phone providers Nuisance calls. Motorola Moto G5 review The Motorola Moto G5 mobile phone has a very tempting price tag, but does it offer good value for money? The last thing you'll want is to spend any money on a mobile phone that's nothing but a pain to use. That said, we've found excellent handsets for less than £200 before - keep reading to find out whether the Moto G5 is one of them.. Launched Mar 2017 Reviewed May 2017. Try Which? for £1 to reveal the products that perform. Or is it a waste of cash?. Our Test Labs compare features and prices on a range of products. Try Which? to unlock our reviews. You'll instantly be able to compare our test scores, so you can make sure you don't get stuck with a Don't Buy.. Call clarity Battery life Camera quality. Find out how we test mobile phones. Test results Find out how we test mobile phones. score is available for members only. score is available for members only. score is available for members only. Try Which? for £1 to reveal all the scores. Our Test Labs compare features and prices on a range of products. Try Which? to unlock our reviews. You'll instantly be able to compare our test scores, so you can make sure you don't get stuck with a Don't Buy.. As well as thousands of impartial product reviews from our Test Labs, a Which? membership also gets you:. Advice on the move with our apps. Which? magazine delivered to your door. The inside scoop on important issues, from scams to savings accounts. Which? can help you make good decisions. Already a member? Log in here. Alternative mobile phones from Motorola. Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Which ? score %. Which ? score %. Which ? score %. Find out how to buy the best mobile phone for you. Here, we give you our top shopping tips, and highlight the latest smartphone releases.. Baffled by all the mobile phone brands on offer? We give the rundown on the most reliable brands, and how their smartphones get on in our test lab.. Apple iPhone vs Samsung Galaxy mobile phones. We put the iPhone 8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 - as well as other mobile phones from Apple and Samsung - head to head in our lab tests.. Popular Categories Boilers Built-in ovens Child car seats Coffee machines Digital cameras Dishwashers Laptops Televisions Microwaves Printers and ink Food processors Pushchairs Sat navs Steam cleaners Steam irons Fridge freezers Tablets Tumble dryers Vacuum cleaners Washing machines. Follow us Find out more from digital Which? digital blog. 
Moto G4 Release Date is set in 2016. Check all Motorola Specs, Features and price.. Motorola Moto G5: Release date, Specs, Features and Price. Up to Rs 4000 Off On Moto G4 series at Amazon.in. Below is the ongoing deal at Flipkart. Moto G5 All Set to Release – Clears FCC with its Specs. Rumors about Motorola Moto G5 Gen Release date. Moto G5 Plus Chipset and Processor. Stunning Features of Motorola Moto G5th Generation. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Hot Rumors and News. Motorola Moto G5 Release date, Specs, Features and Price: Moto G5 Plus will be the next generation Smartphone by Motorola. As for all times, the craze about the Moto G remains unchanged, but rather saying increasing immensely. After the successful release of Moto G 4 th Plus in May 2016 and Moto G4 th Generation in July 2016, the Moto G series has gone passionately popular amongst the smart phone lovers.. Update: Motorola launched Moto G5 exclusively at Flipkart. Follow below link to Order your own Moto G5 Plus and Moto G5.. > CLICK HERE – Moto G5 Plus at Flipkart (Huge Discount!) <<. >> CLICK HERE – Order Moto G5 at Amazon. Motorola gadgets are becoming more and more popular in countries like US, India, Canada. If you are from India then you should check Great Indian Sale by Amazon.in.. Additional 10% discount using Standard Chartered bank debit card or credit card payment. You will also get Rs 1000 cashback as Amazon Pay balance on non-COD orders.. Receive Flat Rs 500 Off on Moto E3 Power. Flat Rs 7000 off on Apple iPhone 6. Get additional 10% Instant discount on SBI Credit/Debit Cards.. The great news for all Moto G Series lovers. Motorola Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus are all set to get unveiled next month. Yes, the most awaited and fully configured upcoming G series smart phone from the Motorola is now ready by passing all the tests from US telecom regulator and now the fans – you people need to play your role by giving it your reviews.. Moto G5 will support NFC (Near Field Communication) which is first time in whole G-series from Motorola. The other thing worth to note is the battery capacity of Moto G5. It is 3000 mAh which is slightly less than the previous one, but they ensures that it will last longer due to other improvements.. The screen size will be as it is – 5.5 inch with Full HD display. The storage and RAM capacity will be available in different sizes in different variants with price variations. For full specifications and review, just wait till the end of February 2017 for the launch of Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus.. Moto G4 Plus was launched surprisingly in May 2016 with 2 variants and they rocked the smart phone market. All the specifications and performance were the best among all and were accepted happily. With the entire new generation device, Motorola has given more than the expectation and now it is turn for the superb 5 th generation smart phone from Motorola, yes Moto G5. So after the wide recognition by fans, Motorola is forecasting to release the next 5 th generation Smartphone Moto G5 with more beautiful look and exciting features. Yes, Motorola Moto G5 release date is set for upcoming March 2017.. Review of Moto G4 Plus highlights 5.5 inches screen with 1080p resolution which was upgraded as compared to Moto G3. This was somewhat good for Moto users. Motorola is going to still upgrade the resolution in the upcoming Moto G handset. As a result, Moto G fifth Gen might include the same 5.5 inches or may increase up to 5.7 inches display and will give the 1200p resolution. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 provides better security for display in Moto G5 which was Corning Gorilla Glass 3. The Moto G 5 th Gen likewise contains more slender side bezels contrasted with its antecedents. Body size and outline of Moto G will be uncovered in coming days of 2017.. Moto G5 is expected to be bundled with the powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon 640 Chipset. The chipset should be Eight Cortex A-53 cores clocked at 1.5 GHz which is very latest. As per the company news, the Snapdragon 640 will be used in most of the Smartphone in the upcoming time. The processor is 64-bit and built on 28nm architecture. The new chipset is packed with Quickcharge 3.0 and also has Dual Image Signal Processors (ISP).. The Camera of Moto G5 is going to be very crystal clear as the Dual Image Signal Processors can capture 16MP photos at 30fps (Frames per second) speed giving you pleasure of capturing pictures quickly one after another. Hence the camera quality will be enhanced significantly in the upcoming Moto device. Enhanced SnapDragon chipset is powered with Hexagon 536 DSP and X6 LTE modem. ThisX6 LTE modem supports Cat.4 download speeds up to 300MBPS means more than a 4G speed. In Snapdragon 640 SoC, they have given Adreno 505 GPU. The Adreno 505 will support 1920 X 1200 pixel display resolution upto 60fps. This will improve the graphics performance drastically. You will also get the crystal clear Video quality. Due to the power of Adreno 505 GPU, the 5 th Gen phone will be able to capture videos with 1200p resolution at 30fps and 1080p resolution at 60fps. The physical memory will be enhanced to 4 GB from the previous version 3 GB.. Talking about the camera will be too early and unpredictable as we are having mixed reports like it may upgrade the rear camera to 16 MP with enhanced capture quality and front to 8 MP with included LED flash for front camera and dual sharp LED for back camera. They are also going to add USB Type-C port in the next Moto G. The USB Type-C port offers higher transfer rates than USB 2.0. It will also add feature of Turbo charger for quick charging.. There was a Non-removable 3000 mAH Li-Ion battery the previous version, Moto G 4 th Gen and now to cope with the enhanced features and performance, Motorola will use 3600mAh Li-Ion Non removable battery in Moto G 5th Generation, most probably. The exact details about Motorola Moto G5 battery will be updated soon.. For enhanced charging experience, Motorola will use Quick Charge 3.0 in the upcoming model. It is the next version of Quick Charge 2.0 recently out by Qualcomm. In the next generation phone, Motorola is supposed to extend the Quick Charge version to 3.0. With this feature, you can charge your Motorola battery up to 80% in just 30-40 minutes. But for this fast changing facility, you will need the Turbo charger which comes within the box.. The Snapdragon chipset in Moto G5 Plus will use Fluence technology giving you clear sound with Noise Cancellation and Echo Cancellation effects. It also springs 5.1 surrounds sound output with Dolby Digital sound and DTS technology. Qualcomm also provides Crystal clear quality voice calls. The call quality and sound output of Moto G 5th Gen will be far better than Moto G 4 th Gen and Moto G4 Plus.. The previous version Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus were bundled with Android 6.0 Marshmallow which was the latest OS at that time. Not only this but a promise from Motorola to be able to upgrade the phone with the next OS from Android up to N and O series! The upcoming Moto 5 th generation device will be packed with inbuilt Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and you will be able to upgrade the Operating System up to N, O and P which is the best part of the Moto G series. Everyone is now waiting to experience the upcoming Android Operating System as it will have so many new looks and features.. The Moto G4 Plus featured 2 variants with 16 GB ROM / 2GB RAM and 32 GB ROM / 3GB RAM, it is obvious that you will get more space and physical memory in the upcoming 5 th Generation smart phone from Motorola. Now it is expected that the RAM would be increased to 4 GB probably and the storage capacity would increase up to 64 GB, though the 32GB ROM/ 3GB RAM variant will also be available with price difference.. We all know that the Motorola is always giving top quality phones in very moderate price range as compared to the other rivals. So the next power packed smart phone Moto G 5 th generation will be available in 15,000 to 17,000 including both variants. But as per the features and quality provided by Motorola, this price is absolutely value for your money.. Price of Moto G5 Plus will be slightly higher than that of Moto G5th Generation. You can purchase that from Amazon and Flipkart. If you Pre-Order it then you will get some extra Bonus for FREE. Last time, Amazon was offering Moto G4 for Cheap if you buy it during the release week.. We will also update the Motorola Moto G5 features and specs at a glances we confirm the news. Please stay tuned for latest news and updates of the most awaited 5 th generation Motorola smart phone.. 182 thoughts on “Motorola Moto G5: Release date, Specs, Features and Price”. Shrikant v sathe says:. January 20, 2017 at 3:52 pm. I am.just waiting for the moto g 5th gen mob. I am so excited about that. I love to know more about that. January 20, 2017 at 5:16 pm. We will post latest update about Moto G5 soon.. January 23, 2017 at 4:57 am. I want this moto g5 plus as soon as possible,with the 13,000 to 15,000 rupees only.. January 23, 2017 at 10:41 am. Motorola has not confirmed yet, but most probably it will release on March 2017 with the price around 15000.. March 11, 2017 at 3:59 pm. I am also waiting for g5 4gb 64gb. March 15, 2017 at 6:05 am. January 28, 2017 at 5:05 am. moto g5 play launch date and price 2017. January 29, 2017 at 7:39 am. Releasing at the end of Feb 2017. January 20, 2017 at 4:21 pm. Elaborate information about moto g5 and g5plus. January 20, 2017 at 5:17 pm. We will update the latest info about Moto G 5th Gen soon.. January 20, 2017 at 4:41 pm. January 20, 2017 at 5:12 pm. please inform me its realize date & price. January 20, 2017 at 5:13 pm. notify me when its come in market moto g5 plus. January 20, 2017 at 5:20 pm. Surely we will update the latest info about Moto G5.. January 20, 2017 at 7:37 pm. I’m waiting for Moto G5 & G5 Plus. Please launch the next month, I won’t new Moto G Phone, so notify me sir.. January 21, 2017 at 6:57 am. January 20, 2017 at 7:38 pm. I’m waiting for Moto G5 & G5 Plus. Please launch the next month, I won’t new Moto G Phone, so notify me sir. January 20, 2017 at 7:38 pm. I’m waiting for Moto G5 & G5 Plus. Please launch the next month, I won’t new Moto G Phone, so notify me.. January 20, 2017 at 7:40 pm. I’m waiting for Moto G5 & G5 Plus. Please launch the next month, I won’t new Moto G 5 plus Phone, so notify me.. January 21, 2017 at 6:50 am. I’m so excited for Moto G5 plus…. January 21, 2017 at 6:53 am. I hope it is much better than or almost equal to Moto G4 plus in every aspect.. January 21, 2017 at 6:55 am. January 21, 2017 at 12:39 pm. I’m all so waiting for 2 monthly back plz release me past. January 21, 2017 at 10:09 am. I am waiting for Moto G5 & G5 Plus. Please launch the next month because I want new Moto G Phone. January 22, 2017 at 6:57 am. January 21, 2017 at 1:29 pm. I WANT TO PURCHASE MOTO G5 MOBILE. January 22, 2017 at 6:56 am. January 22, 2017 at 5:57 am. January 22, 2017 at 6:55 am. January 22, 2017 at 8:48 am. Hi,I am waiting to buy moto g 5 plus, lnotify me. January 22, 2017 at 8:50 am. Hi, I am waiting to buy a moto g 5 plus,notify me a launch date. January 22, 2017 at 4:33 pm. Sir when we see the moto’s new x series phone / x (2017). January 22, 2017 at 8:54 pm. I am waiting Moto g5 plus I want purchase Moto g5 plus. January 23, 2017 at 6:54 am. Can’t wait 😍 Moto g5 will gonna boom in market. Please provide details about when it realizing??. January 23, 2017 at 10:40 am. Motorola has not confirmed yet, but most probably it will release on March 2017.. January 23, 2017 at 6:58 am. I waiting that mobile phone .. January 23, 2017 at 7:59 am. Please announced Moto G5 launching Date & price. January 23, 2017 at 10:39 am. Motorola has not confirmed yet, but most probably it will release on March 2017.. January 23, 2017 at 11:05 am. ye metal body ka phone hoga ya plastic?. January 23, 2017 at 11:08 am. Most probably plastic body but tough one. January 23, 2017 at 11:07 am. ye phone MWC2017 me launche hoga to india me kab ayega?. January 23, 2017 at 11:11 am. awaiting for MOTO G 5 Plus.. hope so battery heat problem will not be their.. January 23, 2017 at 11:23 am. No heating problem would be there.. January 23, 2017 at 6:23 pm. I want information about moto G5 and G5 Plus phones and when it will launch in india. January 25, 2017 at 6:34 am. January 24, 2017 at 2:36 pm. Whenever you get any more updates please post it. And also post photos of Moto G5 Plus. January 25, 2017 at 6:34 am. January 24, 2017 at 3:34 pm. I am planning to buy a phone …currently using Motorola ..would love to again go for the same brand … can anyone communicate how long the wait would be …and by when it is expected to be available in the Indian market. January 25, 2017 at 6:26 am. Wait for the Latest from the Top and Most trusted. A huge and classic fan base.. January 24, 2017 at 6:13 pm. January 25, 2017 at 6:21 am. The battery backup is sufficient in G4 and Definitely it would be enhanced.. January 25, 2017 at 5:51 am. Moto not confirmed the rates., if rate below 14000 would. January 25, 2017 at 6:20 am. January 25, 2017 at 6:16 am. can you tell what about nokia dlc… is it releasing in india or not... January 25, 2017 at 6:19 am. January 25, 2017 at 6:18 am. comparision for moto g5 &nokia dlc. January 25, 2017 at 6:35 am. The side by side comparison will be posted soon.. January 25, 2017 at 12:50 pm. i like motorola mobile phones so much that i am going to buy the 5thGen smartphone Motorola Moto G5 plus on the release date in India. January 26, 2017 at 5:56 am. plese relese this g5 plus wjithin 2weak Isure buy it. January 26, 2017 at 5:41 pm. I am waiting for the moto g5 & g5 plus please notify us by email. January 27, 2017 at 10:25 am. I am waiting for moto G5 plus since 4 months….. January 29, 2017 at 7:46 am. The wait is going to be over soon.. January 27, 2017 at 11:50 am. I am waiting for this phone to buy. January 27, 2017 at 11:51 am. I am waiting for this phone to buy. January 27, 2017 at 11:53 am. I am waiting for this phone to buy. January 27, 2017 at 3:11 pm. please notify us by email after release….. January 29, 2017 at 7:43 am. January 27, 2017 at 4:31 pm. Plz be confirm that, the releasing date may change at any circumstances..?. January 29, 2017 at 7:41 am. Yes, in some unavoidable reasons it may change. But most probably it will release in the end of Feb 2017.. January 28, 2017 at 2:03 am. So excited about the 5th gen …I fell in love with the first gen, the third , and now waiting for this Amazing phone. January 29, 2017 at 7:40 am. The phone is going to rock the market. Just grab it at its launch.. January 28, 2017 at 4:05 pm. screen should be 5 inch.notify me on launch.. January 29, 2017 at 7:38 am. Screen is going to be larger than 5 inch.. January 28, 2017 at 4:40 pm. I am waiting to buy moto g5 plus so please notify me when it’s come in Kuwait market.. January 29, 2017 at 7:38 am. It is going to be launched shortly in India. January 28, 2017 at 7:07 pm. January 29, 2017 at 7:37 am. January 29, 2017 at 9:36 am. I want to purchase moto g 5 let me know the date of release. January 30, 2017 at 9:15 am. Releasing at the end of February 2017.. January 29, 2017 at 9:38 am. January 30, 2017 at 4:29 am. I am looking for Moto 5th generation.I like the Moto. February 1, 2017 at 1:57 am. i am wait this handset how much price diside by the company. February 11, 2017 at 8:36 am. February 1, 2017 at 2:02 pm. Please notify me about Moto g5 plus phone. February 7, 2017 at 11:02 am. It is going to be launched soon. It will be priced between 14,000-16,000. Detailed information will be posted soon.. February 1, 2017 at 4:47 pm. Is it battery still gona 3000 mAh only?. February 11, 2017 at 8:35 am. February 3, 2017 at 7:35 am. The Moto g5 plus specifications are looks good. If you improve battery capacity more people will be interested to purchase this phone. Because in market currently most of the phones coming with 4000mah battery at lower cost also.. February 7, 2017 at 11:00 am. It’s not necessary for all phones to have 4000mah battery. Motorola will not disappoint their fans.. February 4, 2017 at 8:23 am. i want to know about the camera of moto g5 mobile sir. February 11, 2017 at 8:34 am. Camera is 16MP with Dual LED flash. Crystal clear photos and better selfies.. February 4, 2017 at 1:40 pm. feeling craze to but it fast…. it will be the best of the year ever before.. February 4, 2017 at 2:41 pm. i have used moto g2 and moto g4+. moto g2 is best but g4+ battery is very less so plz make battery capacity high like redmi in g5+. 3000mha is not enough for one day. i think 4000mha is good for moto g5+ mobiles. February 7, 2017 at 10:58 am. Different phones exhibit different performances on battery. February 4, 2017 at 6:57 pm. Plz inform me i want to buy motog5. February 4, 2017 at 6:58 pm. I m waiting for this phone plz inform. February 7, 2017 at 10:56 am. February 5, 2017 at 5:08 pm. I want moto G5 plus please update when the phone will available. February 7, 2017 at 10:56 am. The latest updates will be posted soon.. February 6, 2017 at 11:21 am. The new rumours of g5 plus is that , it would be priced more than 300 $ …..would it would be a resonable price ?. February 7, 2017 at 10:55 am. The Indian price would be around 15K only.. February 6, 2017 at 11:25 am. I want to know about the camera of motog5 mobile. February 7, 2017 at 10:36 am. Camera is 16MP with sharp LED flash and clear pictures.. February 6, 2017 at 5:24 pm. Eagerly awaiting for your release of Moto g5 and g4+. February 7, 2017 at 10:35 am. G5 is coming soon and G4 plus is already in the market.. February 9, 2017 at 11:17 am. I want to know about the actual price of moto g5 plus mobile whose camera is 16 mp. February 10, 2017 at 2:57 pm. send g5 plus specification & prize. February 11, 2017 at 2:07 am. life of Motorola smartphone is less than Samsung …..if Motorola smartphone increases life of handset …then its interesting to use moto phone. February 11, 2017 at 8:30 am. Motorola is giving far more quality than Samsung in very low price. You can ask any Moto user.. February 11, 2017 at 10:48 am. What is difference between g5 and g5+? And is both devices will be released together?. February 23, 2017 at 6:02 pm. The G5 Plus would be higher in configuration and the release date might not be the same for both.. February 12, 2017 at 1:13 am. I’m waiting for MotoG5 to buy. February 12, 2017 at 7:25 am. Can you please confirm the release date as I am very excited for moto G5 plus… will the camera quality be same as moto G4 or better than that. February 23, 2017 at 6:00 pm. Definitely the camera quality would be better than G4 and G4 Plus.. February 12, 2017 at 5:23 pm. I’m waiting for moto g 5plus… Please notify me with its release date. February 23, 2017 at 5:58 pm. February 12, 2017 at 6:12 pm. i want to know about differance between moto g5 and g5 plus. February 16, 2017 at 8:41 am. Please notify Mee when Moto g5 release I’m waiting for it. February 21, 2017 at 7:43 am. Moto G5 will be released soon in the early of March, 2017.. February 17, 2017 at 5:43 am. Plz let me know through email when G5 n G5 plus is released. N from these 2 which will have larger size???. February 21, 2017 at 7:42 am. Moto G5 will be released soon in the early of March, 2017 with the price range of 12,500 to 15,000 Rs. Moto G5 Plus will have better configurations.. February 17, 2017 at 7:08 am. I want to know the price and release date for moto g5 plus…. February 21, 2017 at 7:37 am. Price would be around 12,500 to 14,000 INR. Release date is at the starting of March, 2017.. February 17, 2017 at 7:14 am. I want to know the release date for moto g5 plus…. February 21, 2017 at 7:35 am. February 22, 2017 at 12:50 am. Will the g5plus chip be available in US if I buy an unlocked phone in Mexico?. February 23, 2017 at 5:57 pm. But there would be some option for that.. February 22, 2017 at 4:09 am. What is about the ram of moto g5 plus ?. February 23, 2017 at 5:56 pm. RAM Would be in 2 variants- 3GB and 4GB.. February 22, 2017 at 9:19 am. please inform me about release date and price of MotoG5plus. February 23, 2017 at 5:56 pm. February 22, 2017 at 9:41 am. What is about the ram of moto g5 plus?. February 23, 2017 at 5:55 pm. RAM Would be in 2 variants- 3GB and 4GB.. February 23, 2017 at 7:34 am. February 23, 2017 at 5:41 pm. What is price of moto g5plus and g5. February 23, 2017 at 5:54 pm. The price would be ranged between 12,500 to 14,500 Rs.. CMA ASHOK ARORA says:. February 24, 2017 at 3:42 am. Please let me know release date and price of Moto G5 and G5 plus. March 10, 2017 at 6:43 am. February 26, 2017 at 2:30 am. Date of moto g5 plus available for sale in India.. March 10, 2017 at 6:42 am. February 27, 2017 at 4:19 am. Hello sir plz inform me when it release. But what model I take Moto g 5 or Moto g 5 plus?. March 10, 2017 at 6:41 am. February 27, 2017 at 9:23 am. I’m very much eager to have Moto g5… Plzz let me know when will I get chance to order. March 10, 2017 at 6:40 am. February 27, 2017 at 6:15 pm. What is the price of moto g5 plus for 3GB & 4GB Ram in India.. March 1, 2017 at 5:51 am. Hello, Please update the pre launch offers for Moto G 5th gen mobiles Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus.. March 10, 2017 at 6:37 am. Launch Date 15 March, price : 13000-14000. March 1, 2017 at 8:51 am. Plz tell me the releasing date of moto g5??????. March 10, 2017 at 6:37 am. March 1, 2017 at 3:47 pm. Inform me release date nd suggest …which one is better Moto G5 or G5 plus?? Both r release in dis month sure??. March 10, 2017 at 6:36 am. Moto G5 Plus is better with config. March 2, 2017 at 12:06 pm. Can this phone get any emi to us?. March 10, 2017 at 6:35 am. March 3, 2017 at 12:41 pm. Moto g5 play launching date and price. March 10, 2017 at 6:34 am. March 4, 2017 at 12:52 am. March 10, 2017 at 6:34 am. March 11, 2017 at 4:36 pm. I am a person having no vision and I want to buy Motorola because Google Talkback is most accessible in these phones. I would like to buy Motorola 5th generation due to its quality of voice. Please inform me about its lowest price and its review.. March 15, 2017 at 6:03 am. March 12, 2017 at 1:28 am. March 15, 2017 at 6:01 am. March 12, 2017 at 4:48 am. When it will be launched in uae??Abudhabi?..And what will be the price??. March 15, 2017 at 5:59 am. March 15, 2017 at 6:02 am. March 13, 2017 at 7:21 am. what is exact prize of moto g5 plus. March 15, 2017 at 6:00 am. March 14, 2017 at 2:16 am. I am very much interested to buy moto G5. March 15, 2017 at 5:57 am. March 14, 2017 at 12:11 pm. sir I want to buy this how much of cost for this mobile. March 15, 2017 at 5:56 am. March 15, 2017 at 9:48 am. moto g5 plus released today in flipcart when will the moto g5 come into market. March 15, 2017 at 4:22 pm. It will be launched in next month.. March 18, 2017 at 4:48 pm. Please confirm whether G5 plus with 4gb ram 64gb rom will be released in near future.. March 19, 2017 at 12:48 pm. You have to wait for it. As it shall be in Moto G6.. March 26, 2017 at 7:53 pm. When will be the next launch of moto g5 plus 32gb ram in India?. March 30, 2017 at 5:02 am. Next phone is Moto G5, launching in Amazon in 1st week of April.. April 2, 2017 at 2:42 am. When will Moto g5 next Gen will lounge in Amazon. April 5, 2017 at 4:48 am. May 12, 2017 at 5:48 am. is moto g5 a good handset????do it have heating problem???and low sound quality???. May 15, 2017 at 5:56 pm. We didn’t face any heating issue nor sound quality problem.. May 27, 2017 at 9:46 am. Whste is the price of Motorola g5 & it is available on Amazon ?. May 27, 2017 at 11:16 am. Price of Moto G5 is 11,999 INR and it is available on Amazon.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. 
G5 and G5S: Qualcomm Snapdragon 430. G5 Plus and G5S Plus: Qualcomm Snapdragon 625. Octa-core Cortex-A53 (G5 and G5S at 1.4. GHz, G5 Plus and G5S Plus at 2.0. G5 and G5S: Adreno 505. G5 Plus and G5S Plus: Adreno 506. G5: 2 or 3 GB LPDDR3. G5 Plus: 2, 3, or 4 GB LPDDR3. G5S Plus: 3 or 4 GB LPDDR4. microSD up to 256 GB. G5 Plus, G5S and G5S Plus: 3000 mAh non-removable. G5: 5.0" (127 mm) 1920 x 1080 (441 ppi ) IPS LCD. G5 Plus and G5S: 5.2" (132 mm) 1920 x 1080 (424 ppi ) IPS LCD. G5S Plus: 5.5" (140 mm) 1920 x 1080 (401 ppi ) IPS LCD. G5 Plus: Exmor RS IMX362 Sensor with 12 megapixel resolution; ƒ/1.7 lens with dual-LED flash. G5S: 16 megapixel resolution; ƒ/2.0 lens. G5S Plus: 13 megapixel resolution dual-lens; ƒ/2.0 lens with dual-LED flash. G5 and G5 Plus: OmniVision OV5695 Sensor with 5 megapixel resolution and ƒ/2.2 aperture [1]. G5S: 5 megapixel resolution and ƒ/2.0 aperture with LED flash. G5S Plus: 8 megapixel resolution and ƒ/2.0 aperture with LED flash. Micro USB, 3.5 mm headphone jack. Prime Exclusive Edition [ edit ]. Snapdragon 430 up to 1.4GHz. Snapdragon 625 up to 2.0GHz. Adreno 505 up to 450 MHz. Adreno 506 up to 650 MHz. Moto G5S and G5S Plus [ edit ]. Snapdragon 430 up to 1.4GHz. Snapdragon 625 up to 2.0GHz. Adreno 505 up to 450 MHz. Adreno 506 up to 650 MHz. Android Authority Review (G5 Plus). JerryRigEverything Durability Test (YouTube video). Wikimedia Commons has media related to Moto G5. Moto G5 Plus XT1687 USA model running Android Nougat 7.0. Moto G5 (stylized by Motorola as moto g 5 ) [2] is a series of Android smartphones developed by Motorola Mobility , a subsidiary of Lenovo ; it is the fifth generation of the Moto G family. Announced as successors to the Moto G4 , they were first released in March 2017 in several markets including India and Europe. [3] Variants are the Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus , the latter also being available as an Amazon Prime version in the United States. [4] Special editions called Moto G5s and Moto G5s Plus were first released in August 2017. 2.1 Prime Exclusive Edition. 2.2 Moto G5S and G5S Plus. The Moto G5's design was changed, featuring an aluminum casing and flush-mounted camera. The device is available in "lunar gray" and "fine gold" colors, and unlike previous generations is not customizable via MotoMaker. The G5 includes a 1080p display, an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon system-on-chip, 3 or 4 GB of RAM, and 16 or 32 GB of internal storage. A dedicated MicroSDXC memory slot is available, supporting up to 128 GB memory expansion. Like previous generations, the device supports gesture and motion controls through Moto Actions. It has a 12- or 13-megapixel rear-facing camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. The device ships with Android 7.0 "Nougat". It features the same TurboPower charging as the G4, providing up to 6 hours of battery life with 15 minutes of charge time. A fingerprint reader is integrated in the home button on the front of the device. The Moto G5 (XT1675) is the standard variant and is not sold in America; [8] and the Moto G5 Plus (XT1684 - Single SIM / XT1685 - Dual SIM / XT1687 - USA) is a premium variant with improved specifications. The Moto G5 Plus was released in the United States and internationally; all Plus models apart from American ones have NFC-contactless payment as a feature, but not compasses; US models have the opposite configuration. [8] The Plus was released in the UK as a Carphone Warehouse exclusive. Moto G5 Plus XT1687 camera lens dual-pixel. As with the previous generation, online retailer Amazon.com offers a 'Prime Exclusive' version of the Moto G5 Plus for Amazon Prime members, which is cheaper than the standard version and features Amazon advertisements on the lock screen; all other specifications are identical. [4] The Moto G5 was also launched as Amazon Prime Exclusive on Amazon.in with a software variant named 'amzin' and pre-loaded Amazon apps [10] .. The Moto G5 Plus will not be released in Canada, according to Mobile Syrup.. On 1 August 2017, Motorola unveiled the 'special edition' Moto G5S (XT1793 - Europe; XT1794 - Europe/India; XT1792 - Brazil) and Moto G5S Plus (XT1803 - Europe; XT1805 - Europe Dual SIM; XT1806 - USA; XT1804 - India; XT1802 - Brazil) to the Moto G line. These also have an aluminum unibody design. The Moto G5S' specs include a 3,000 mAh battery, a 1080p 5.2-inch display, 16 MP rear camera, the same 5 MP front camera with flash and a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor. On the other hand, the G5S Plus features 5.5-inch display, Snapdragon 2.0 GHz processor, and a new 13 MP dual-lens camera setup. Both versions support a fingerprint sensor.. The Moto G5 received very positive reviews, although many considered that the low-end model was not a true successor to the Moto G4 in terms of its features and CPU performance (the G5 used the 1.4 GHz Snapdragon 430, whilst the G4 used the 1.5 GHz Snapdragon 617). [14] [15] [16] [17] On the other hand, the G5 Plus and G5S Plus (and to a lesser extent, the G5S) were praised for their large improvements in performance, battery life, camera quality, and storage capacity. ^ "OmniVision - A leading developer of advanced digital imaging solutions". ^ "Moto G (5th Gen.) - Android Smartphone Motorola, a Lenovo company". ^ "Moto G Plus (5th Gen.) - Android Smartphone - Motorola, a Lenovo company". ^ a b "Amazon has more budget phones to sell you". ^ "Special Editions: Now Joining the Moto G5 Family". ^ a b "Moto G (5th Gen.) - Android Smartphone - Motorola, a Lenovo company". ^ a b "Moto G Plus (5th Gen.) - Android Smartphone - Motorola, a Lenovo company". ^ a b Smith, Chris (26 February 2017). "Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus hands-on: The Moto G just went premium". One more thing: Both handsets come with a fingerprint sensor on the front side, but the Moto G5 Plus will also support NFC-based wireless payments in all markets aside from America. ^ "Moto G5 Plus Deals". ^ "Moto G5 2017 Review - A good daily driver? - techguides.co". ^ "moto g⁵ˢ (5th gen. special edition) – Android smartphone | Motorola UK". ^ "moto g⁵ˢ plus (5th gen. special edition) – Android smartphone | Motorola UK". ^ "Moto G5 Review". Retrieved 19 September 2017. ^ "Moto G5 Review". Retrieved 19 September 2017. ^ "Moto G5 (2017)". Retrieved 19 September 2017. ^ "Motorola Moto G5 review". Retrieved 19 September 2017. ^ "Moto G5 Plus review: A great budget smartphone, but can the G5S Plus do any better?". Retrieved 19 September 2017. ^ "Moto G5S Plus". Retrieved 19 September 2017. ^ "Motorola Moto G5 Plus review". Retrieved 19 September 2017 .. Motorola phones and smartphones by series. ROKR (E, EM, W, Z, ZN). Talkabout (T180, T190, T191). Categories : Android (operating system) devices Motorola mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2017 Touchscreen mobile phones. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 1 February 2018, at 08:27. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Shop & support Shop & support. Account & services Account & services Account & services Billing & payments Back Billing & payments. View my bill View my bill View my bill Make a payment Make a payment Make a payment Payment activity & options Payment activity & options Payment activity & options. My wireless Back My wireless. Check usage Check usage Check usage Manage data Manage data Manage data Change wireless plan Change wireless plan Change wireless plan International options International options International options Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Add a device Add a device Add a device Buy accessories Buy accessories Buy accessories Get wireless support Get wireless support Get wireless support My DIRECTV Back My DIRECTV. View package details View package details View package details Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My U-verse TV Back My U-verse TV. View package details View package details View package details Change TV package Change TV package Change TV package Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My Internet Back My Internet. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My DSL Back My DSL. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My Dialup Back My Dialup. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My digital home phone Back My digital home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support My home phone Back My home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals Wireless Back Shop wireless. About wireless About wireless About wireless Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Connected devices Connected devices Connected devices International options International options International options Features & apps Features & apps Features & apps AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID Bring your own device Bring your own device Bring your own device AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program. Wireless support Wireless support Wireless support TV Back Shop TV. About TV About TV About TV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW U-verse TV U-verse TV U-verse TV International packages International packages International packages DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service TV support TV support TV support Internet Back Shop Internet. About Internet plans About Internet plans About Internet plans AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment. Move my service Move my service Move my service Internet support Internet support Internet support Home phone Back Shop home phone. About home phone About home phone About home phone Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Lifeline Lifeline Lifeline Phones & accessories Phones & accessories Phones & accessories. Move my service Move my service Move my service Home phone support Home phone support Home phone support Bundles Back Shop bundles. DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Smart technology Back Shop smart technology. About smart technology About smart technology About smart technology Smart home security Smart home security Smart home security Connected car Connected car Connected car Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Accessories Back Shop accessories. About accessories About accessories About accessories Cases Cases Cases Chargers Chargers Chargers Audio Audio Audio Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment Home accessories Home accessories Home accessories Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals More from AT&T Back More from AT&T. att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location. Support center Support center Support center Check order status Check order status Check order status Find a store Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us Contact us. Small business Small business Small business Enterprise business Enterprise business Enterprise business Partner solutions Partner solutions Partner solutions Government agency Government agency Government agency. Help me choose Help me choose Help me choose. You already have items in your cart for postpaid service. Sorry, but prepaid and postpaid service can't be combined in the same order. If you'd like to order both prepaid and postpaid service, please place two separate orders.. Your device is compatible, but we are unable to find the correct SIM card. To complete your order, please call AT&T Customer Service at 800.331.0500 or find the nearest AT&T store.. The IMEI number you entered was not recognized. Please check your IMEI number and try again.. We found some problems with the IMEI number you have entered. There are a number of reasons this can occur. Please ensure the IMEI you entered matches the device. If you continue to encounter problems contact Customer Service at 800.331.0500 for further help.. We're sorry, your IMEI number can't be located at this time due to database maintenance. We couldn’t complete your trade-in at this time. Continue to complete your order.. After checking out, you’ll receive info to help you with your trade-in.. You’re not done with your old device yet. Trade it in for an AT&T Promotion Card—good for AT&T products and services. Your trade-in information will be submitted along with your order.. Appraised value: {{amount | currency | dollars}} {{amount | currency | cents}}. When you pick up your device in the store, you can exchange your old device for an AT&T Promotion Card—good for AT&T products and services. Not interested? We’ll send you a mailer just in case you change your mind.. It’s easy to complete your trade-in online. We’ll send your prepaid shipping supplies in 5 to 7 days. Pack and ship your device to receive your AT&T Promotion Card—good for AT&T products and services.. Your trade-in info will be submitted along with your order.. Made with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, the Moto G's display is the one of the sharpest HD displays in its class. Multitasking is quick and easy with a quad-core processor, you can use the camera with one hand, and you can store your photos on the optional microSD card.. {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | dollars }} {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | cents }} /mo. Requires 0% APR {{minPrices.lease.leaseTotalMonths}}-month installment agreement, well-qualified credit and service. {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | dollars }} {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | cents }}. Please enter a valid IMEI number.. Please enter a different IMEI number to continue.. Enter your device's IMEI number so we can ensure this is the right SIM card for you. If we notice any issues, we'll let you know.. To find your IMEI number, dial *#06# on your keypad. This will return your IMEI number. More ways to find your IMEI. Go to your device "Settings" menu and look for "General" or "About." Your IMEI number should be listed there. More ways to find your IMEI. *No-annual-contract pricing new activation and qualifying monthly voice plan. local time to get it today. Pick up in store today |. Pick up in a nearby store. Just {{myFavDeviceStock}} left at this store. See more stores with this product. See more stores with this product. Tell us where you are to see a list of stores in your area.. Online and store prices may differ, and prices may vary from store to store.. Showing availability at company-owned AT&T stores and kiosks only.. from {{x.priceDisplay.price | currency}} /mo.. The Moto G smartphone delivers innovative. features and a powerful performance at a price you can afford. The 4.5" scratch-resistant HD display is what. you'll notice first on the Moto G. display stretches to all four corners of the phone. and has 329 pixels per inch. Moto G lets you enjoy incredible speed and. downloading content, and connecting with family. With 4G LTE*, spend less time waiting. *LTE is a trademark of ETSI. Moto G is designed for all the things you want. to do—streaming YouTube ® , checking Gmail™,. browsing on Chrome™, finding your way with. Qualcomm ® Snapdragon™ 400 processor,. you can quickly switch between tasks.. With the Android KitKat operating system, Moto G delivers information to your fingertips. Stay up to speed with easy access to Google Mobile™ services, more than one million apps and games, and more to come.. Avoid long connection times and enjoy seamless downloading, video streaming, and socializing with family and friends.. The brilliant, scratch-resistant 4.5" HD display stretches from edge to edge and all four corners with 329 pixels per inch. Watch, read, and browse on this big, beautiful screen.. All the things you want to do go fast with the quad-core processor. And with the smart battery technology, you can do them all day long.*. With latest version of Android, you'll get easy access to Google mobile™ services and more than one million apps and games and more to come.. AAC, AMR-NB, AMR-WB, AAC+ Enhanced, MIDI, MP3. Insert pictures, video clips and sound clips easily (messaging charges apply). POP3/IMAP, SMTP, Yahoo!® Mail, Gmail™, Outlook.com, Microsoft® Exchange. Google Play™, Google+, Games, Google Music, Lookout®; Keeper; Usage Manager;. Amazon Kindle®; UBER; Quick Remote; Google Drive™; Google Maps™; Google Voice Search™; Google Now™, Name ID. Themes – wallpaper, background, custom menus/popups, icons and more. AT&T Navigator®, AT&T Locker™, AT&T FamilyMap®, Name ID, AT&T Live, Remote Support, myAT&T, AT&T Hotspot, AT&T Mobile Mail, YPmobile®, AT&T Ready2Go, AT&T , Device Help, Usage Manager. Provides fast, easy account access virtually anywhere, anytime. Visit www.att.com/ecospace for additional information.. USB connectivity – transfer data through a USB cable. Offers easy online setup and personalization of your new smartphone. See Quickstart Guide included in box for details.. Device Help provides easy access to step by step tutorials and videos about features, functions and AT&T services directly from the web browser on the device (data charges apply).. Size (L x W x D in inches). LTE bands 2, 4, 5, and 17. v4.4 KitKat (upgradeable to v5.1 Lollipop). 4.5", TFT, Corning® Gorilla® Glass 3. *Battery power consumption depends on factors such as network configuration, carrier network, signal strength, operating temperature, features selected, vibrate mode, backlight settings, browser use, frequency of calls, and voice, data and other application-usage patterns.. LTE is a trademark of ETSI.. AT&T NEXT OR AT&T NEXT EVERY YEAR:. Tax on sales price due at sale. Requires 0% APR monthly installment agreement and eligible service. Divides sales price into monthly installments.. 30-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 80% of sales price is paid off.. 24-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 50% of sales price is paid off.. Limit as low as 2 smartphones at $0 down.. May be required and depends on a variety of factors. Down payment if required will be either 30% of sales price or a dollar amount ranging from currently $0 to $600 ( amount subject to change, and may be higher ). You may choose to pay more upfront. Remainder of sales price is divided into 30 or 24 monthly installments.. Eligible postpaid voice and data service (minimum $45 per month after AutoPay and Paperless billing discount for new customers. Pay $55 per month until discount starts within 2 bills. Existing customers can add to eligible current plans which may be less) is required and extra.. If service is cancelled, remaining installment agreement balance is due. $749.99 sales price on AT&T Next (30-month) with $0 down is $25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $17.50 per month, or with $600 down is $5 per month. On AT&T Next Every Year (24-month) with $0 down is $31.25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $21.88 per month, or with $600 down is $6.25 per month.. No upgrade fee for line with a smartphone purchased on an installment agreement prior to August 1, 2015.. Waiver of fee subject to change. Eligibility, device, line and financing limits & other restr’s apply.. Requires payment of percentage of sales price (50% or 80%), account in good standing, trade-in of financed device (or one of the same make and model) in good physical and fully functional condition through the AT&T Next or AT&T Next Every Year trade-in program (excludes AT&T trade-in program where you receive an instant credit or AT&T promotion card), and purchase of new eligible smartphone with qualified wireless service. After upgrade, unbilled installments are waived. and your Retail Installment Agreement for full details.. GENERAL WIRELESS SERVICE: Subject to wireless customer agreement ( att.com/wca ). Limits: Purchase and line limits apply. Credit approval, fees, monthly and other charges, usage, eligibility and other restrictions per line may apply. See att.com/additionalcharges for more details on other charges. Pricing and terms are subject to change and may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. Coverage and service are not available everywhere. You get an off-net (roaming) usage allowance for each service. If you exceed the allowance, your services may be restricted or terminated. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination. For info on AT&T network management policies see att.com/broadbandinfo .. FREE Express Shipping: Postpaid orders will be processed and shipped subject to credit approval, inventory availability, and validation of a proper shipping address and other information. CT will be processed the next business day. Inventory, credit, or other issues may delay shipment. No holiday, Saturday, or Sunday processing or delivery. Shipping policy is subject to change. Please note: It may take up to 24 hours to process your order if there are any issues with the credit approval process and/or the shipping address validation process. This 24-hour period is not included in the delivery time and should be taken into account in your order placement timing. Priority Shipments to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands may take more than 2 business days. Actual delivery date may also be affected by government processing, unforeseen weather, and shipping carrier delays. Learn more about AT&T shipping options at att.com/shop/wireless/free-shipping.html .. All talk, data, and standby times depend on network configuration.. All marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.. Transfer contacts, photos, videos and more to your new phone for FREE.. LG K20 - AT&T PREPAID (Certified Restored). Samsung Galaxy Tab E (AT&T Certified Restored). Returns Policy & Early Termination Fee |. Find a store Find a store Make a store appointment Make a store appointment Coverage maps Coverage maps Business customers Business customers. About AT&T About AT&T Contact us Contact us Feedback Feedback Ver en español. Legal policy center Legal policy center Privacy policy Privacy policy Terms of use Terms of use Broadband details Broadband details Advertising choices Advertising choices Accessibility Accessibility Site map Site map. 
Manuals Brands Motorola Manuals Cell Phone Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Manuals. Manuals and User Guides for Motorola Moto G5.. We have 1 Motorola Moto G5 manual available for free PDF download: User Manual. Motorola Moto G5 User Manual (57 pages). Brand: Motorola | Category: Cell Phone | Size: 7.04 MB. Related Products for Motorola Moto G5. Motorola SYN5383 - G-520/M3090/Populous Ultra Saver CLA. Motorola V300 - Cell Phone 5 MB. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola g5. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save motorola g5 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola g5 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. ***Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 64GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Amazon Edition***. 3 new & refurbished from $289.99. Moto G5 Plus Unlocked motorola 32GB GSM/CDMA smartphone gray 5.2 display 4G LTE. Motorola Moto G5 DUAL SIM XT1671 32GB - LTE Factory Unlocked - Grey Color NEW. 4 new & refurbished from $184.99. Motorola Moto G G5 Plus 5th Gen XT1687 32GB/64GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone A+. Moto G5s Plus by motorola 32/64GB GSM/CDMA unlocked smartphone gray gold. Moto G5 Plus XT1687 ~ 32GB ~ 4G LTE UNLOCKED Lunar Gray Android Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Motorola Moto G5 XT1676 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" 16GB 3GB RAM Gray Gold. MOTOROLA MOTO G5 GREY 5" DISPLAY 16GB 2GB RAM 4G/LTE UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE XT1676. USED Motorola Moto G5 Dual XT1676 16GB - LTE Factory Unlocked - Gray. 1 new & refurbished from $188.00. NEW MOTO G5 Plus 32GB Grey Unlocked XT1687 NO LOCKSCREEN ADS FREE Shipping. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB 4GB RAM. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Motorola Moto G5 Plus XT1685 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 32GB 3GB RAM. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB Blue. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB Gray. Motorola - Moto G5S Plus 4G LTE Memory Cell Phone (Unlocked) Lunar Gray & Gold. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. New Motorola Moto G5 Plus XT1685 32GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Gold. 2 new & refurbished from $234.00. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. NEW Motorola MOTO G5 Plus 32GB Lunar Grey (Factory Unlocked). 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. New Motorola Moto G5 Plus XT1685 32GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Space Gray. 2 new & refurbished from $234.00. MOTOROLA MOTO G5 XT1671 DS 32GB DUAL SIM GOLD/GRAY FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 64GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) (No Ads or offers). Moto G5 Plus by motorola 32/64GB GSM/CDMA factory unlocked smartphone gray gold. Brand New Motorola Moto G5s Plus XT1805 32GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Blue. New Motorola Moto G5s Plus XT1805 32gb Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Blush Gold. New Motorola Moto G5s XT1797 32gb Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Lunar Gray. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. New Motorola Moto G5s Plus XT1805 32gb Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Lunar Gray. New Motorola Moto G5s XT1797 32GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Fine Gold. Motorola Moto G5 XT1676 Factory Unlocked 16GB 3GB RAM Android Dual Sim LTE Phone. 2 new & refurbished from $159.00. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1806 - 64GB, 32GB (Unlocked) Smartphone Gray or Gold. 2 new & refurbished from $203.59. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 32GB GSM/CDMA Factory Unlocked XT1687 Smartphone NEW. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB -(Unlocked) Smartphone XT1687 Factory unlocked (B). Moto G5 Plus by Motorola 64G unlocked smartphone gray New in Box. Motorola MOTO G5 16GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone XT1670 Grey - NEW. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim 32GB Gold 5.5" Android Phone By FedEx. Motorola MOTO G5 PLUS-32GB Unlocked. Motorola Moto G5 Plus - 32GB - GSM Smartphone (Unlocked Worldwide Desbloqueado). 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus 64GB 4GB Fine Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone MINT SN203515. 1 new & refurbished from $295.00. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone with Extras. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Moto G5 plus -32gb- Gray (Unlocked) DEFECTIVE MIC -767378-. Motorola Moto G? 32 Gb Smartphone - 4g - 5" Lcd 1920 X 1080 Full Hd Touchscreen. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Motorola Moto G5 Plus - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone Great Condition!. 9 new & refurbished from $99.99. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto G5 XT1676 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" 16GB Gray. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim 32GB Grey 5.5" Android Phone By FedEx. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. NEW Motorola Moto G5 Plus (XT1685) 5.2" 4GB / 32GB (GSM ONLY) Factory UNLOCKED. Motorola Moto G5 XT1677 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" 16GB 3GB RAM Gold. 1 new & refurbished from $188.00. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey Unlocked VZW, ATT, TMob, Sprint etc. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 64GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone, factory sealed. 3 new & refurbished from $289.99. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB Gray. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1806 32GB (Unlocked) Smartphone Fine Gold. USED - Motorola Moto G5 Dual XT1671 32GB - LTE Factory Unlocked - *Gold. 4 new & refurbished from $184.99. Motorola Moto G5S (XT1797) 5.2" 3GB/32GB 16MP (GSM ONLY) Dual SIM UNLOCKED Gray. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 64GB 4GB RAM Unlocked (GOLD) Free Shipping. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 25 new & refurbished from $157.97. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1805 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB Gold. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. A+ CONDITION! NO ADS! 30 DAY WARRANTY! NEW CHARGER!. New, Factory Unlocked, Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, & more. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. New, Factory Unlocked, Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, & more. Customs services and international tracking provided. ******* NOT COMPATIBLE WITH VERIZON OR SPRINT ********. INCLUDES TURBO CHARGER AND USB CABLE ONLY. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. - Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 Octa-core [8 (01110nartl). Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto G5 Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 7 Expert Score 3.7 7778 Ratings 36 Questions & Answers. Moto G5 runs Android 7.0 Nougat. The smartphone has a 5-inch Full HD display. Other variants of this mobile are Moto G5 Plus , Moto G5 Plus 4GB Ram and Moto G5s. It has a 13MP rear camera with a LED flash and a 5MP front-facing camera. The device is powered by a 1.4GHz octa-core Snapdragon 430 processor and 3 GB RAM. It has 16GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card up to 128GB. Connectivity options include dual-SIM 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a Li-Ion 2,800 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 7,999. Key Specifications Snapdragon 430 processor 3GB RAM 16GB internal storage 2800 mAh battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat). Motorola Moto G5 Price in India. Motorola Moto G5 Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto G5 is at Shopclues, which is 36% less than the cost of Moto G5 at Ebay (Rs. Motorola Moto G5: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff Butter-smooth performance and clean UI Good primary camera Fine display Bad Stuff Highly priced Mediocre gaming performance No Gorilla Glass even at this price tag. The Moto G5 is the successor to the last year's affordable G4. The smartphone sports somewhat the same looks to its predecessor. The precision-crafted metal unibody design makes it look and feel premium. The Moto G5 flaunts a 5-inch Full HD display which can reproduce crisp and vivid images. To keep the screen protected and attracting any unwanted scratches, there is Corning's Gorilla Glass 3 protection.. For storing media files and apps the smartphone makes its mark with 16GB of onboard storage which can further be expanded using a microSD card up to 128GB. For image lovers , the Moto G5 is equipped with a 13-megapixel primary shooter that is supported with an LED flash to help you capture images and shoot videos in the dark. On the front, the device is armed with a 5-megapixel front-facing camera that can take care of selfies and video calls via apps like Skype, Messenger, etc.. To enable smooth and flawless performance , the smartphone is powered by a 1.4GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 chipset. Also, to eke out lag-free multitasking, the Moto G5 comes with 3GB of RAM. For connectivity, one can avail options like 4G , LTE with VoLTE, dual-SIM support, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port.. On the software front, the smartphone runs the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system out of the box. It is fuelled by a 2,800 mAh battery which the company claims is good enough to last for an entire day for a moderate user.. Motorola Moto G5 Specifications Display Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Display Type IPS LCD Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 441 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Screen to body percentage 65.4 % Design and Build Dimensions 5.6 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches Weight 145 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Camera Rear Flash Yes Selfie Flash No Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 16GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 128GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 2800 mAh Turbo Charge Yes Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 430 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 1.4 GHz Make Qualcomm GPU Adreno 505 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light Yes Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. What are the pros and cons of this phone?. Pros- Good design, fast charging, good camera on both the sides.. Cons- Low battery life, a single speaker which is average, low internal memory concerning its RAM.. What is the difference between 424 PPI and 441 PPI in moto g5 and moto g5 plus?. PPI or Pixels per Inch is a measurement of pixel density on an electronic device. The display quality and image sharpness are better if the PPI is higher.. Does it support 2 sims and a memory card simultaneously?. Moto G5 has only two slots, one of them is a hybrid slot, and thus, it can be used either as a SIM slot or as a microSD card slot.. There is no notification light on the phone.. Does it have dedicated sim and memory card slot?. It has one dedicated SIM card slot; the other slot is either for another SIM card or a memory card.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto G5. 7 Ratings 1 Reviews. 5 3. 4 1. 3 0. 2 2. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Hey Guys, I'm using this G5 phone from last 3 months. The finger​print sensor stopped working after few months of usage and the phone's camera quality is bad as compared to same segmented phone. I would suggest not to buy this phone where we have some good phone's available in the market with same price. Earlier I was using G4, it was much bette r than this phone. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Motorola mobile price list in India. Lenovo K6 Power price (Rs. Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro price (Rs. Redmi 4 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto G5. Moto G5S Plus, Moto G5S, Moto G5 Plus, Moto G5 Price in India discounted Up to Rs. 6,000: Offer details, Sale Date, Specifications. It sure seems like sales really work with Indian smartphone buyers because its barely the second month of the year and weve already seen multiple offers from different manufacturers as they compete with each other Weve seen sales by Huawei Xiaomi Nokia and even Apple But were here to talk. Moto G5S Plus, G5S, G5 Plus, and G5 are available at very attractive discounts on Amazon. When premium-yet-affordable Android smartphones are proceeded to be sold with discounts that is when you know you need to make the best of this opportunity The Moto G5 Plus and the Moto G5 along with their special editions which you probably noticed as the Moto G5S Plus and the Moto G5S have bee. Motorola Moto G5 Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto G5 was obtained on 26th February 2018 15:01:08 The Motorola Moto G5 is available in Amazon, Ebay, Flipkart, Gadgets360, Gadgetsnow, Shopclues, Tatacliq The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto G5 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Motorola Moto G5 is available in Gold, Grey, Lunar Grey colours across various online stores in India.. Motorola Moto G5 Price in India is Rs. 7,999 as on 26th February 2018 15:01:08. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Beginning of a dialog window, including tabbed navigation to register an account or sign in to an existing account. Both registration and sign in support using google and facebook accounts. We'll never post without your permission.. We'll never post without your permission.. By clicking Register, you agree to Etsy's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Etsy may send you communications; you may change your preferences in your account settings.. Uh oh! You need to have cookies enabled to sign in.. Nice—you already have an Etsy account.. Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript. Ready to ship in 1 business day. Ready to ship within 3 business days. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Moto Z Droid-Moto Z2 Play-Opal case for Moto G4-Motorola Droid Turbo 2-Moto X Force-Moto G4 Plus-Moto G3-Moto Z-Motorola G5 Plus-Moto E3. Moto G5 case Moto C Moto C Plus case Clear Donuts case Moto G2 case Moto G Plus Moto G6 plus Moto G6 Moto X Pure Edition Moto X Style case. Motorola Z2 Force case Clear Floral case Moto G4 Plus Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G3 case Moto G Turbo Edition Moto G5 Plus Moto G5s case. Moto G5, Moto Z Droid case, Scale case for motorola, Moto G3 CASE, Moto G (Gen 3), Moto Z play, Moto G2 case, Moto Z play case, Moto G4 Play. Moto G5 Plus-G4 Plus-G5s Plus-Moto G4 Play-Moto G5-Motorola G5-Moto G4-Motorola E4-Moto E4 Plus-moto G2-Moto G3-Moto G Turbo Edition-Nexus 6. Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Droid Moto G5s Plus Moto G5 Moto Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Clear Exotic leafs Moto Z2 play Moto Z Moto X (2017) Moto E4. Moto Z2 Force Moto Z2 Play Moto Z Droid Turbo Motorola G4 Moto G5 Plus Clear Flowers case Moto G5s Moto G5s Plus Motorola G5 Moto G4 Play. Moto Z Force, Moto Z Play Droid, Moto Z Play, Motorola Moto Z2 Play, Z2 Force, Motorola Moto G5S, Motorola Moto G5S Plus, Moto G5, Moto C. Moto G5-Blue wood&lemon-Moto G4-Motorola Droid Turbo 2 cover-Moto G5 Plus-Moto X Force-Moto G4 Plus-Moto G4 Play-Moto Z Droid-Moto Z2 Play. Opal case for Moto G4 Play-Moto G4 Plus-Moto G5-Moto G5 Plus-Motorola C Plus-Moto Z2 Play-Moto Z Droid-Moto Z Force-Droid MAXX 2-Droid Turbo. Funny unicorn case for Moto G5s Plus Moto G5s Moto X Style Moto X Pure Edition Motorola X Play Moto Droid Maxx 2 Moto X Force Droid Turbo. Moto X4 Case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,Van Gogh,Painting,Motorola G5 case,Moto X3 case,Moto G case,Moto Z Droid case,Z Force Droi 42. Marble case for motorola, moto E4 Plus, rose gold marble, moto Z2 Play, moto E4, moto G5, moto G5s, moto G5 Plus, moto G5s Plus, marble case. Moto G5s-Moto G5-Moto G5s Plus-Moto G5 Plus-Moto E4 Plus-Moto E4-Moto C-Moto C Plus-cler case-lemon-Moto Z2 Force-Moto Z2 Play-Motorola G5. Moto Palm leafs case for Motorola Moto G5s Motorola Moto G5 Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Plus Moto G5s Plus Moto G3 Moto g2 Moto maxx Droid Turbo. Motorola G5, Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus, Clear Cactus case, Moto X Style, Moto X Pure Edition, Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Droid Turbo 2, X Force. Moto Z Droid-Moto Z2 Play-Opal case for Moto G4-Motorola Droid Turbo 2-Moto X Force-Moto G4 Plus-Moto G3-Moto Z-Motorola G5 Plus-Moto E3. Moto G5 case Moto C Moto C Plus case Clear Donuts case Moto G2 case Moto G Plus Moto G6 plus Moto G6 Moto X Pure Edition Moto X Style case. Motorola Z2 Force case Clear Floral case Moto G4 Plus Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G3 case Moto G Turbo Edition Moto G5 Plus Moto G5s case. Moto G5, Moto Z Droid case, Scale case for motorola, Moto G3 CASE, Moto G (Gen 3), Moto Z play, Moto G2 case, Moto Z play case, Moto G4 Play. Moto G5 Plus-G4 Plus-G5s Plus-Moto G4 Play-Moto G5-Motorola G5-Moto G4-Motorola E4-Moto E4 Plus-moto G2-Moto G3-Moto G Turbo Edition-Nexus 6. Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Droid Moto G5s Plus Moto G5 Moto Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Clear Exotic leafs Moto Z2 play Moto Z Moto X (2017) Moto E4. Moto Z2 Force Moto Z2 Play Moto Z Droid Turbo Motorola G4 Moto G5 Plus Clear Flowers case Moto G5s Moto G5s Plus Motorola G5 Moto G4 Play. Moto Z Force, Moto Z Play Droid, Moto Z Play, Motorola Moto Z2 Play, Z2 Force, Motorola Moto G5S, Motorola Moto G5S Plus, Moto G5, Moto C. Moto G5-Blue wood&lemon-Moto G4-Motorola Droid Turbo 2 cover-Moto G5 Plus-Moto X Force-Moto G4 Plus-Moto G4 Play-Moto Z Droid-Moto Z2 Play. Opal case for Moto G4 Play-Moto G4 Plus-Moto G5-Moto G5 Plus-Motorola C Plus-Moto Z2 Play-Moto Z Droid-Moto Z Force-Droid MAXX 2-Droid Turbo. Funny unicorn case for Moto G5s Plus Moto G5s Moto X Style Moto X Pure Edition Motorola X Play Moto Droid Maxx 2 Moto X Force Droid Turbo. Moto X4 Case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,Van Gogh,Painting,Motorola G5 case,Moto X3 case,Moto G case,Moto Z Droid case,Z Force Droi 42. Moto G5, Moto G4 play, Shell case for motorola, Moto G3, abalone case, Moto Z play, droid turbo 2, Moto Z play, Moto Nexus X, Moto G case. Clear lilac case for Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Moto G4 Moto G4 Plus Motorola G4 Play Moto G3 Moto G2 Moto Droid Turbo 2 Nexus 6 cases. Moto G5 Plus, Moto Z play, case for motorola, Moto G4, Moto G (Gen 3), marble case, Nexus 6 case, Moto G4 play, Moto Z Droid, Moto G4 case. Case for Moto,Moto Z,Z Droid case,DOG,Z Play Droid case,Z Play case,Motorola,Z2 Play case,clear,Z2 Force case,E4 case,G6 case,G5 case,G4. Moto G5 Plus Blue marble case, Moto G5, Motorola Moto X Style, Moto X Pure Edition, Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play, Moto X Play. Moto G6 case Moto G5s case Moto Z2 Force case Motorola G5 case Moto E4 Plus case CLEAR Moto X Pure case Motorola G5 Motorola G5s Plus 02. Motorola G5s case, Moto G5 Plus case, Moto X (2017) case, fox case, Moto G6 case, Moto G5S Plus case, Moto G6 plus, Moto X Style, space case. All Pokeball Pokemon Poke ball series for Motorola Moto X E G Moto X 2 Moto G 2nd Moto G 3 3rd Moto G5 PLUS Generation Plastic Phone Case. Moto G6 case Moto X Force case moto nexus x case pug moto x pro moto z case moto x4 case moto g3 motorola g5,g5 plus motorola g4 moto z play. Moto G5 Plus case,clear floral case, succulents,Moto G5 case,motorola phone case,Moto G4,g5 plus,motorola z play,moto g4 plus,moto z force,. Lemons case Moto G5 Moto G4 moto Z Force fruit case moto Droid Turbo 2 moto X Pure Edition moto G4 Play Moto X Moto Z Play Moto E4 Moto C. Moto G5 Plus-Moto C Plus-Moto G5-Motorola Opal case for Moto E2-Droid Turbo 2-Moto G Plus-Moto G4 Plus-Moto X Style-X Pure Edition-Moto M. Clear Floral Moto Z case Motorola E4 Plus Moto E4 flowers case Moto X4 2017 clear case Moto C Moto C Plus Moto G4 Play Moto G5 Moto G5s Plus. Moto G5-Moto G2-Moto G5 Plus-Moto G3-Royal marble case for Moto G4-Motorola Droid Turbo 2-Moto X Force-Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition-Moto X2. Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus, Moto Z droid, case for motorola, Moto G4 case, Moto Z play, Nexus 6 case, motorola case, Moto Nexus X, Moto G4 Play. Moto G5 Plus case,koala,clear case,Moto G5 case,motorola phone case,Moto G4,moto g5 plus,motorola z play,moto g4 plus, z force,case for moto. Marble case for motorola, moto E4 Plus, rose gold marble, moto Z2 Play, moto E4, moto G5, moto G5s, moto G5 Plus, moto G5s Plus, marble case. Moto G5s-Moto G5-Moto G5s Plus-Moto G5 Plus-Moto E4 Plus-Moto E4-Moto C-Moto C Plus-cler case-lemon-Moto Z2 Force-Moto Z2 Play-Motorola G5. Moto Palm leafs case for Motorola Moto G5s Motorola Moto G5 Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Plus Moto G5s Plus Moto G3 Moto g2 Moto maxx Droid Turbo. Motorola G5, Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus, Clear Cactus case, Moto X Style, Moto X Pure Edition, Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Droid Turbo 2, X Force. Moto G5, Moto G4 play, Shell case for motorola, Moto G3, abalone case, Moto Z play, droid turbo 2, Moto Z play, Moto Nexus X, Moto G case. Clear lilac case for Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Moto G4 Moto G4 Plus Motorola G4 Play Moto G3 Moto G2 Moto Droid Turbo 2 Nexus 6 cases. Moto G5 Plus, Moto Z play, case for motorola, Moto G4, Moto G (Gen 3), marble case, Nexus 6 case, Moto G4 play, Moto Z Droid, Moto G4 case. Case for Moto,Moto Z,Z Droid case,DOG,Z Play Droid case,Z Play case,Motorola,Z2 Play case,clear,Z2 Force case,E4 case,G6 case,G5 case,G4. Moto G5 Plus Blue marble case, Moto G5, Motorola Moto X Style, Moto X Pure Edition, Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play, Moto X Play. Moto G6 case Moto G5s case Moto Z2 Force case Motorola G5 case Moto E4 Plus case CLEAR Moto X Pure case Motorola G5 Motorola G5s Plus 02. Motorola G5s case, Moto G5 Plus case, Moto X (2017) case, fox case, Moto G6 case, Moto G5S Plus case, Moto G6 plus, Moto X Style, space case. All Pokeball Pokemon Poke ball series for Motorola Moto X E G Moto X 2 Moto G 2nd Moto G 3 3rd Moto G5 PLUS Generation Plastic Phone Case. Moto G5 case-Moto G5 Plus-Moto X-Moto G5S-Moto G5S Plus-Wood with lemon case for Moto X Style-case Moto X Pure Edition-Moto X Play-Moto Z. Moto C Plus-Moto G5-Quarzo case for Moto G4 Play-Motorola Droid Turbo 2-Moto G5 Plus-Moto G4 Plus-Moto X Style-X Pure Edition-Moto X Play. Moto E4 case, SUCCULENT, moto e4 plus case, moto e4 case, moto Z2 Play, moto G5S, motorola G6, floral, moto z play, motot g4, moto g5 case. Moto G6 Plus case MARBLE Moto G6 case GREEN MARBLE Motorola G5s case Moto G case Moto Z Droid case Moto Z case Motorla Z Force case Moto 06. Skull case for motorola, moto x2, skull, moto Z2 Play, moto E4, moto G5, moto G5s, moto G5 Plus, moto G5s Plus, silicone , moto E4 plus,. Moto X4 Case, Moto G5S case, llama, cute pattern, cute animal, X Pure Edition case, Moto Z Play Droid, X Pure Edition case, Motorola G5s 110. Flowers case Moto G5 Moto Z play Moto Z2 play Moto Е3 Moto X Force Moto X3 Moto Droid Turbo2 floral Motorola Moto G Moto G Turbo Edition. Moto X4 Case, Moto G5S case, Ocean, Wave, japanese, , Motorola Z Play, Moto Z Play 2nd Gen, Moto G5s Plus case, Motorola G5s case, Motor c76. Moto X4 case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,skull clear,Moto Z2 Force case,Moto G6 case,droid turbo 2 case,Moto G3 case,Motorola Z2 Pl 09. Customized Design Gift Idea Motorola Moto E4 Cases, for Motorola Moto X4 Case, Family Pets Memories Personalized E3 X3 G4 G5 X5 Case. Moto G5s case,Motorola G6 Plus,Moto Z2 Play case,Moto X 2nd Gen case,Motorola G6 Plus,Moto X2 case,Moto G Plus case,Moto X Force case 03. Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus, Moto Z play, White&red marble case, Moto G3 CASE, Moto G (Gen 3), Moto G4, Nexus 6 case, Motorola Nexus X, Moto G. Moto X4 Case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,tropical leaves,Clear case,Moto X2 case,Moto G4 Play case,Motorola G5 case,Moto C case,Mot c26. Moto X4 Case, Moto G5S case, Moto G5s plus case, mountains, nature landscape, Moto X4 case, Moto E3 Power case, Moto G3 case, Motorola G m46. Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto Z2 Force Clear Cactus case Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto G5s Moto G5s Plus Gifts for Adults Gift Ideas Custom case. Moto X4 Case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,floral case,Clear case,Motorola G5s Plus,Motorola G5s case,Moto E3 Power case,Motorola G5s c24. Moto G6 case Moto X Force case moto nexus x case pug moto x pro moto z case moto x4 case moto g3 motorola g5,g5 plus motorola g4 moto z play. Moto G5 Plus case,clear floral case, succulents,Moto G5 case,motorola phone case,Moto G4,g5 plus,motorola z play,moto g4 plus,moto z force,. Lemons case Moto G5 Moto G4 moto Z Force fruit case moto Droid Turbo 2 moto X Pure Edition moto G4 Play Moto X Moto Z Play Moto E4 Moto C. Moto G5 Plus-Moto C Plus-Moto G5-Motorola Opal case for Moto E2-Droid Turbo 2-Moto G Plus-Moto G4 Plus-Moto X Style-X Pure Edition-Moto M. Clear Floral Moto Z case Motorola E4 Plus Moto E4 flowers case Moto X4 2017 clear case Moto C Moto C Plus Moto G4 Play Moto G5 Moto G5s Plus. Moto G5-Moto G2-Moto G5 Plus-Moto G3-Royal marble case for Moto G4-Motorola Droid Turbo 2-Moto X Force-Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition-Moto X2. Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus, Moto Z droid, case for motorola, Moto G4 case, Moto Z play, Nexus 6 case, motorola case, Moto Nexus X, Moto G4 Play. Moto G5 Plus case,koala,clear case,Moto G5 case,motorola phone case,Moto G4,moto g5 plus,motorola z play,moto g4 plus, z force,case for moto. Moto G5 case-Moto G5 Plus-Moto X-Moto G5S-Moto G5S Plus-Wood with lemon case for Moto X Style-case Moto X Pure Edition-Moto X Play-Moto Z. Moto C Plus-Moto G5-Quarzo case for Moto G4 Play-Motorola Droid Turbo 2-Moto G5 Plus-Moto G4 Plus-Moto X Style-X Pure Edition-Moto X Play. Moto E4 case, SUCCULENT, moto e4 plus case, moto e4 case, moto Z2 Play, moto G5S, motorola G6, floral, moto z play, motot g4, moto g5 case. Moto G6 Plus case MARBLE Moto G6 case GREEN MARBLE Motorola G5s case Moto G case Moto Z Droid case Moto Z case Motorla Z Force case Moto 06. Skull case for motorola, moto x2, skull, moto Z2 Play, moto E4, moto G5, moto G5s, moto G5 Plus, moto G5s Plus, silicone , moto E4 plus,. Moto X4 Case, Moto G5S case, llama, cute pattern, cute animal, X Pure Edition case, Moto Z Play Droid, X Pure Edition case, Motorola G5s 110. Flowers case Moto G5 Moto Z play Moto Z2 play Moto Е3 Moto X Force Moto X3 Moto Droid Turbo2 floral Motorola Moto G Moto G Turbo Edition. Moto X4 Case, Moto G5S case, Ocean, Wave, japanese, , Motorola Z Play, Moto Z Play 2nd Gen, Moto G5s Plus case, Motorola G5s case, Motor c76. Moto X4 case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,skull clear,Moto Z2 Force case,Moto G6 case,droid turbo 2 case,Moto G3 case,Motorola Z2 Pl 09. Customized Design Gift Idea Motorola Moto E4 Cases, for Motorola Moto X4 Case, Family Pets Memories Personalized E3 X3 G4 G5 X5 Case. Moto G5s case,Motorola G6 Plus,Moto Z2 Play case,Moto X 2nd Gen case,Motorola G6 Plus,Moto X2 case,Moto G Plus case,Moto X Force case 03. Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus, Moto Z play, White&red marble case, Moto G3 CASE, Moto G (Gen 3), Moto G4, Nexus 6 case, Motorola Nexus X, Moto G. Moto X4 Case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,tropical leaves,Clear case,Moto X2 case,Moto G4 Play case,Motorola G5 case,Moto C case,Mot c26. Moto X4 Case, Moto G5S case, Moto G5s plus case, mountains, nature landscape, Moto X4 case, Moto E3 Power case, Moto G3 case, Motorola G m46. Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto Z2 Force Clear Cactus case Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto G5s Moto G5s Plus Gifts for Adults Gift Ideas Custom case. Moto X4 Case,Moto G5S case,Moto G5s plus case,floral case,Clear case,Motorola G5s Plus,Motorola G5s case,Moto E3 Power case,Motorola G5s c24. Get fresh Etsy trends and unique gift ideas delivered right to your inbox.. Please enter a valid email address.. Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe.. You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address. Register to confirm your address.. Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.. There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.. Need help? Visit the help center. We make it easy to find your thing.. Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Start typing the name of a page. Hit ESC to close, Enter to select the first result.. Did you scroll all this way to get facts about motorola moto g5 ? Well you're in luck, because here they come. There are 1140 motorola moto g5 for sale on Etsy, and they cost $17.29 on average. The most common motorola moto g5 material is leather. The most popular color? You guessed it: clear .. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto G5 Plus - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Cellet 9FT. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Super fast recharge for your Device. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Fully charges your Device in just a few short hours. Plugs into any vehicle cigarette lighter socket or 12 volt power port. Enjoy full functionality of your Device while it charges. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Blue. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -AA Battery Powered Emergency 0.5 Amp USB Charger, Black. Emergency Cell Phone Charger w/Built-in LED Flashlight. Easy to operate - requires one AA battery (not included). Convenient push button activates bright LED flashlight. Includes 3 charging adapters (LG, Mini USB and Device). Motorola Moto G5 Plus -OEM 1.8 Amp Micro USB Charger (MCS-04WD). Compatible w/devices featuring a Micro USB charging port. Motorola Moto G5 Plus -OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Original Device Micro USB Travel/Wall Charger. Pugs into any standard wall outlet. Compact, durable design ideal for travel. Detachable USB to Micro USB cable. Sync and transfer files between your computer and smartphone. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Unlocked Phones Moto G Unlocked Smartphones. Showing 40 of 1337 results that match your query.. Product - Motorola Moto G5 Plus 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Fine Gold. Price List price $ 229. Moto rola Moto G5 Plus 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Fine Gold. Product - Motorola Moto E Plus 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Fine Gold. Moto rola Moto E Plus 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Fine Gold. Product - Motorola Moto G5S Plus 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Blush Gold. Price List price $ 279. Moto rola Moto G5S Plus 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Blush Gold. Product - Motorola Moto E4 16GB Unlocked Smartphone - Licorice Black. Moto rola Moto E4 16GB Unlocked Smartphone - Licorice Black. Product - Motorola Moto G5 Plus 64GB Unlocked Smartphone, Fine Gold. Price List price $ 299. Moto rola Moto G5 Plus 64GB Unlocked Smartphone , Fine Gold. Product - Motorola Moto G4 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Black. Price List price $ 192. Moto rola Moto G4 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Black. Product - Motorola Moto G4 Plus 64GB Unlocked Smartphone, Black. Price List price $ 310. Moto rola Moto G4 Plus 64GB Unlocked Smartphone , Black. Product - Motorola Moto G5S Plus 64GB Unlocked Smartphone, Blush Gold. Price List price $ 349. Moto rola Moto G5S Plus 64GB Unlocked Smartphone , Blush Gold. Product - Motorola Moto E Plus 16GB Unlocked Smartphone, Fine Gold. Moto rola Moto E Plus 16GB Unlocked Smartphone , Fine Gold. Product - Kyocera DuraForce E6560 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Military Grade Smartphone w/ 8MP Camera - Black. Kyocera DuraForce E6560 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Military Grade Smartphone w/ 8MP Camera - Black. Product - BLU Studio G2 8GB Unlocked Smartphone, White. 99 - $ 69. BLU Studio G2 8GB Unlocked Smartphone , White. Product - BLU Grand X G090Q Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Phone - Rose Gold. 00 - $ 79. BLU Grand X G090Q Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Phone - Rose Gold. Product - Motorola Moto E 16GB Unlocked Smartphone - Fine Gold. Moto rola Moto E 16GB Unlocked Smartphone - Fine Gold. Product - LG Q6 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Platinum. LG Q6 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Platinum. Product - LG G6 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Black. LG G6 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Black. Product - Lg P999 Optimus G2x Unlocked Android Smartphone with Dual Core, Hd Gaming and 3d Graphics. Lg P999 Optimus G2x Unlocked Android Smartphone with Dual Core, Hd Gaming and 3d Graphics. Product - Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro J530G 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone w/ 13MP Rear + Front Camera - Pink. Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro J530G 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone w/ 13MP Rear + Front Camera - Pink. Product - BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Rose Gold. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Rose Gold. Product - LG G5 H820 32GB AT&T Unlocked 4G LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ Dual 16MP & 8MP Camera - Titan. LG G5 H820 32GB AT&T Unlocked 4G LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ Dual 16MP & 8MP Camera - Titan. Product - Motorola Moto G4 16GB Unlocked Smartphone, Black. Moto rola Moto G4 16GB Unlocked Smartphone , Black. Product - LG G4 US991LD 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Black. LG G4 US991LD 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Black. Product - Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Smartphone (Unlocked), Black. 95 - $ 219. Moto rola Moto G4 Plus 16GB Smartphone ( Unlocked ), Black. Product - Indigi® Unlocked 5" 4G 2Sim Android 6.0 SmartPhone AT&T Straight Talk + Item Bundle. Price List price $ 199. Indigi® Unlocked 5" 4G 2Sim Android 6.0 SmartPhone AT&T Straight Talk + Item Bundle. Product - Motorola Moto X4 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Sterling Blue. Price List price $ 399. Moto rola Moto X4 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Sterling Blue. Product - Motorola Moto X4 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Super Black. Price List price $ 399. Moto rola Moto X4 32GB Unlocked Smartphone , Super Black. Product - Sony Xperia XA Ultra 16GB 6" Smartphone Unlocked Virtual Reality Mobile Accessory Bundle (Graphite Black). Price List price $ 369. Sony Xperia XA Ultra 16GB 6" Smartphone Unlocked Virtual Reality Mobile Accessory Bundle (Graphite Black). Product - Slide Unlocked Dual SIM 4" Android 5.1 Smartphone, Quad Core 1.3GHz Processor, 512MB RAM, 8GB ROM, Nationwide 3G GSM Coverage- Blue. Slide Unlocked Dual SIM 4" Android 5.1 Smartphone , Quad Core 1.3GHz Processor, 512MB RAM, 8GB ROM, Nationwide 3G GSM Coverage- Blue. Product - Sony Xperia L1 G3313 16GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone - Pink. Sony Xperia L1 G3313 16GB Unlocked GSM Quad-Core Android Phone - Pink. Product - Motorola E XT1527 AT&T Android v5.1 Phone - Black. Motorola E XT1527 AT&T Android v5.1 Phone - Black. Product - Indigi® 7.0" DualSim 3G Unlocked 2-in-1 Android 4.4 SmartPhone + TabletPC AT&T / T-Mobile Compatible. Price List price $ 149. Indigi® 7.0" DualSim 3G Unlocked 2-in-1 Android 4.4 SmartPhone + TabletPC AT&T / T-Mobile Compatible. Product - Slide Unlocked Dual SIM 5" HD IPS Smartphone, Android 5.1 Quad Core 1.0GHz Processor, 1GB RAM 8GB ROM, 13MP Camera, Nationwide 4G LTE GSM Coverage- Gray. Slide Unlocked Dual SIM 5" HD IPS Smartphone , Android 5.1 Quad Core 1.0GHz Processor, 1GB RAM 8GB ROM, 13MP Camera, Nationwide 4G LTE GSM Coverage- Gray. Product - Motorola MOTO G5 Plus XT1687 32GB Octa-Core 5.2" GSM Unlocked Android Smartphone, Lunar Grey (Refurbished). Motorola MOTO G5 Plus XT1687 32GB Octa-Core 5.2" GSM Unlocked Android Smartphone , Lunar Grey (Refurbished). Product - Indigi® 7inch 2Sim Android 4.4 (2-in-1) Smartphone + TabletPC w/ WiFi + Bluetooth Sync (Factory Unlocked). Price List price $ 129. Indigi® 7inch 2Sim Android 4.4 (2-in-1) Smartphone + TabletPC w/ WiFi + Bluetooth Sync (Factory Unlocked ). Product - Motorola Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64GB Unlocked XT1687 G5 Refb.. Moto rola Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64GB Unlocked XT1687 G5 Refb.. Product - Slide Unlocked Dual SIM 5.5" HD IPS Smartphone, Android 6.0 Quad Core 1.3GHz Processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB ROM, 8MP Camera, Worldwide 3G GSM Coverage- Rose Gold. Slide Unlocked Dual SIM 5.5" HD IPS Smartphone , Android 6.0 Quad Core 1.3GHz Processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB ROM, 8MP Camera, Worldwide 3G GSM Coverage- Rose Gold. Product - Indigi® 4G Unlocked 5" SmartPhone T-mobile & StraightTalk + Item Bundle Included. Price List price $ 199. Indigi® 4G Unlocked 5" SmartPhone T-mobile & StraightTalk + Item Bundle Included. Product - Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Black / Silver Bundle. Price List price $ 549. Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Black / Silver Bundle. Product - BLU Pure XR P0030UU GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Android Smartphone with 16MP Camera (Unlocked), Gold. Price List price $ 329. BLU Pure XR P0030UU GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Android Smartphone with 16MP Camera ( Unlocked ), Gold. Product - Indigi® Unlocked 5" 4G 2Sim Android 6.0 SmartPhone AT&T Straight Talk + Bluetooth bundle. Price List price $ 199. Indigi® Unlocked 5" 4G 2Sim Android 6.0 SmartPhone AT&T Straight Talk + Bluetooth bundle. Product - Moto G 4Th Gen Unlocked 16Gb Black. Moto G 4Th Gen Unlocked 16Gb Black. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 34 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-112869227, DC-prod-dfw3, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Expert Review Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: 4 April, 2017 |. (3.4/5) 4960 ratings Rate now. 13MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Gorilla Glass Waterproof. Moto G5 (3GB, Fine Gold) 8,388 Go to Store Moto G5 (Lunar Grey, 16 GB)(3 GB RAM) 9,999 Go to Store. Motorola Moto G5 comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53, Qualcomm MSM8937 Snapdragon 430 that is coupled with Adreno 505 GPU,. 3 GB RAM and 16 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 128 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Motorola Moto G5 sports a 13 MP Camera with 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging, Panorama.. Up front, the smartphone from Motorola makes use of a 5 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Motorola Moto G5 includes Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot, v4.2, A2DP, LE, EDR, microUSB v2.0, USB Host, with A-GPS, GLONASS. The Motorola Moto G5 gets the power from a Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery.. The Motorola Moto G5 runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. Motorola Moto G5 comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Amazon, Flipkart and leading offline stores.. Moto G5 first impressions: Affordable smartphone with decent camera and design. After launching the Moto G5 plus, Motorola has now announced Moto G5, the younger sibling of the Plus variant. The device runs on Android 7.0 Nougat and supports 4G VoLTE. The smartphone is already available on Amazon India at a price .... GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim (Nano + Nano) ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date April 2017 Indian Release Date 4 April, 2017 BODY Dimensions 144.3 x 73 x 9.5 mm Weight 145 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 505 Chipset Qualcomm MSM8937 Snapdragon 430 STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage RAM 3 GB RAM External Storage Up to 128 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13 MP Camera Front Camera 5 MP Camera Video Recording 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging, Panorama MULTIMEDIA Audio Player AAC, AAC+, MIDI, WAV, eAAC+, MP3, AMR-WB, AMR-NB, WMA Video Player MPEG4, H.263, WMV, H.264, HD Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE, EDR USB microUSB v2.0, USB Host GPS Facility with A-GPS, GLONASS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (16GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTA3Mjc3fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Moto G5 Plus Prime Edition security flaw lets you unlock it with the tap of a lockscreen ad January 27, 2018. Motorola appears to have worked to resolve the unlock scenario seen in the video. It has been found that the same has been caused by an Android setting called Smart Lock that lets the device remain unlocked via body detection. Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus get Rs. 2,000 discount on Amazon India December 20, 2017. Lenovo announced the launch of the Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus in India in August. These smartphones are the successors to the Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus those were launched earlier this year. Moto G5S in Midnight Blue color launched in India at Rs. 14,999 October 16, 2017. Motorola has announced the launch of a new color variant of the recently launched Moto G5S in India. This new color variant is called Midnight Blue and. features a shade of deep classic blue shade for the anodized aluminum back cover of. 1,000 permanent price cut; now available at Rs. 14,999 December 29, 2017. Back in the last week, Motorola announced a price cut on some its smartphones on both online and offline channels on account of Christmas sales. Now, the Moto G5S Plus has got a permanent price cut. Motorola Moto X4 (64GB - 4GB RAM). Motorola Moto G5s Plus (64GB - 4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
