GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 / 2100 - XT1562. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - XT1563 (SS). LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 41(2500) - XT1562. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 28(700) - XT1563 (SS). LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500) - India. 148 x 75 x 10.9 mm (5.83 x 2.95 x 0.43 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 82.6 cm 2 (~74.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~403 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to 7.1.1 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 21 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.4", 1.1 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Basemark OS II: 764 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 809 Basemark X: 5032. Contrast ratio: 1520:1 (nominal), 3.222 (sunlight). Voice 69dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 75dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto X Play - user opinions and reviews. This phone was launched same period as Samsung s6 and sony z3, why do you compare x play with early launched devices?!. What phone would you recommend to purcharse to replace this model? I bought this phone because I loved it had two nano-sim card slots and one micro-sd slot.. managebal heating issue 7.1.1 update ,every phon heating 1 hour use 12days phon update 7.1.1 phon no hanging day to day enjoy. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Moto X Play review:. A brilliant, customisable phone at a low price. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Motorola Moto X Play packs a great screen and camera. You can customise the look to suit your tastes and it won't conk out the first time you spill your beer on it.. The Bad It lacks the luxurious wood and leather back cover options of the pricier Moto X Style.. The Bottom Line The Moto X Play's blend of everything you'd expect from a higher-end smartphone with a customisable waterproof design and a great price makes it a superb midrange phone.. Design 148 by 75 by 10mm (5.8 by 2.9 by 0.4 inches) 169 grams (6 ounces) Customisable colours Water-resistant. Display 5.5 inches 1,920x1,080-pixel resolution. Android software and processor performance Android 5.1.1 Lollipop Near-stock Android with minimal Motorola additions 1.7GHz octa-core processor 2GB RAM Benchmark test comparison. Motorola has defined itself in recent years by sticking to cheap-but-awesome phones that focus on customisable designs and dependable performance rather than envelope-pushing features. The Moto X Play is no exception.. This 5.5-inch phone handset rocks a full HD display, a great 21-megapixel camera, a meaty processor and a version of the Android Lollipop operating system that's free of the painful bloatware most companies insist on installing. Add a splash-proof body that protects the internals from all kinds of spilled drinks, and the option to wildly customise the colours of the phone to suit your exacting tastes and you've got yourself one hell of a smartphone.. The cherry on the top of this already delicious dessert is the affordable price. In the UK, you can pick up the Moto X. Play directly from Motorola (building it yourself using the Moto Maker tool ) for £280, with 16GB of storage. The Play launched in August in 55 countries, although the US was not one of them just yet -- there, Motorola is instead pushing the larger Moto X Pure Edition (called the Moto X Style outside of the US). For reference, its £280 price converts to about $435.. In Australia, the X Play is a Vodafone exclusive , but is only available in black. You'll pay AU$5 per month on the AU$40 plan over two years (minimum cost is AU$1,080). Motorola has mooted the idea of a version coming direct to retail at a later stage, possibly for AU$569, but says this is "to be confirmed.". The Moto X Play sits in the middle of Moto's new lineup of handsets, which includes the cheap and cheerful Moto G at the bottom, and the more premium Moto X Pure/Style at the top. The latter is slightly bigger at 5.7 inches, but packs a higher-resolution display and a more powerful processor, and you can have it wrapped in luxurious leather or various types of wood.. The name Play suits this Moto X model as it looks like the more rough-and-ready sibling of its higher-end X Style. Instead of that phone's leather and wood panelling, the Play's back skin is made from rubberised plastic, with a tyre-tread style pattern. Together with the waterproofing, which I'll come to in a moment, it feels like a phone that's built for a tougher life than simply sitting inside a jacket pocket.. Not that it doesn't look good. My review model of the Play came in the most plain colours available: black and grey, which looks arguably more professional than fun. Using Motorola's Moto Maker online tool, however, it's hugely customisable. There are 14 different colours available for the back panel, with seven colours to choose from for the metal accents. Mix in the choice of a black or white front and the option to add laser engraving to the back for free, and it's possible to tweak your own phone very much to your own tastes.. The resistance to water is a welcome new feature for the Moto X series. The Play isn't designed to be fully submersible, so it's not the phone to take with you on a scuba diving trip -- for that, check out the new Sony Xperia Z5. What the Play's waterproofing is for is to protect it from spilled drinks in the pub, rain showers or an accidental fall in the toilet. I knocked several cups of water over the phone and it's still working perfectly. It certainly adds a little peace of mind to know that your phone can shake off spills.. It's not the most compact of phones around, measuring 148mm long and 75mm wide, but it's not so chunky as to be cumbersome to use. It slides neatly into your pocket and its 169 gram weight shouldn't drag your jeans down. You'll find the power and volume buttons, the 3.5mm headphone jack and the Micro-USB port around the edges of the phone, with the SIM card and microSD card slots underneath the back cover. You won't find features like a fingerprint scanner or heart rate monitor, so if that's a deal-breaker for you, you'll need to expand your budget and look toward the Galaxy S6 .. The phone is available with either 16 or 32GB of storage space. It's worth opting for the higher-capacity model if you download a lot of big apps -- particularly as it's not a huge amount of extra storage. You can fill up 16GB pretty quickly, and will soon have to rely on popping in external storage cards to store your files.. The 5.5-inch display has a full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel) resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 400 pixels per inch. Sure, that's fewer pixels than you'll find on phones like the Galaxy S6 or the LG G4 , but it's more than sufficient to make icons and text look crisp and high-resolution photos look good too. It's not a quad-HD display, but for this price, you can't really expect anything more. If you want extra pixels, the 5.7-inch Moto X Style is the phone for you.. It's a bright display, making it easy to read under the cloudy skies of an average London summer. I wish I could report on how easy it is to use in bright Tuscan sunshine, but all I can say is that it's off to a good start. Colours are vibrant as well, without being too overpowering, making it a great screen for basically anything you'll want to put on it.. The Moto X Play runs on Android 5.1.1 Lollipop, and Motorola is one of the few companies that doesn't apply its own skin over the top. What you're left with then is pure vanilla Android that's free of all the manufacturer-made nonsense that plagues Sony and Samsung's phones.. Vanilla Android is simple to use and swift to navigate around. What helps is the 1.7GHz octa-core processor stuffed inside the Play's rubbery shell, which is more than capable of handling all your everyday essentials. Apps load quickly, as does the camera, and gaming works well. Angry Birds 2 plays perfectly smoothly, and more demanding titles like Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas play without any issue as well.. In performance the phone is certainly no slouch. It achieved a multi-score score of 2,143 on the Geekbench 3 test, putting it above the new Moto G (1,600), although predictably falls short of top-end phones like the Galaxy S6 (4,608). It scored 8,070 on the 3DMark Ice Storm Unlimited graphics test, again putting it above the Moto G (4,473) and below the Moto X Style (19,725).. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto X Play. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The Moto X Play promises much, but can't quite beat the OnePlus 2. SHOULD I BUY MOTOROLA MOTO X PLAY?. By cutting a few corners, the Moto X Play is cheaper than 2014's Moto X. But while it's a great mid-range phone, a few too many compromises mean it won't please everyone. Find out why in our Motorola Moto X Play review. The Moto X Play sits between the Moto G & Moto X Style as an impressive mid-range phone. Screen: 5.5in Full HD 1920x1080, 403ppi. Storage: 16GB or 32GB, with up to 128GB via microSD. Video capture: 1080p HD, 30fps (MPEG4, H.264). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Moto X Play review: UK price & availability. Motorola Moto X Play review: Design & build. Motorola Moto X Play review: Display. Motorola Moto X Play review: Specs & performance. Motorola Moto X Play review: Cameras. Motorola Moto X Play review: Software. For 2015 most people expected an update to the 2014 Moto X, but Motorola launched three new phones: the Moto X Style, the Moto X Force and the Moto X Play. We're looking at the latter here, which sits between the Style and the new third-gen Moto G for price.. Also see: Moto X4 latest rumours. The Motorola Moto X Play cost £279 when it launched, but you can buy it from Motorola for £249 now. That's for the 16GB model, but you can opt for 32GB when using Motorola's custom phone builder - Moto Maker - for an extra £40. These prices put it between the new Moto G, which costs £159, and the Moto X Style priced at £359.. It also means that it's close to the price of the new and impressive OnePlus 2 smartphone, which you can buy for £239 (16GB) or £289 for the 64GB model. It's a big competitor to the Moto X Play and Moto X Style, as it too has high-end specs and features with a mid-range price tag.. It's worth noting that the Play is much cheaper than the 2014 Moto X , which came in at a rather high price of £420, and now sells for about £350.. Motorola may not have focused as heavily on design with the Moto X Play as it did with the Moto X Style, but it's still a good-looking phone in our opinion, and we really like the new design of the area around the camera and Motorola logo.. The rear cover pops off like the Moto G's which means it's easy to personalise the phone with other covers. If you configure a Moto X Play on Motorola's website you can choose between 12 colours for the rear, a black or white front face, plus an accent colour which colours the camera surround on the rear and the front speaker grilles. It doesn't cost any extra and you'll have a phone that won't look identical to everyone else's. Of course, you're more likely to find a discount from other retailers selling the black or white 'base' models.. It weighs a reasonable 169g and is 10.9mm thick at its thickest point, but it's curved to make it feel comfortable in the hand so it doesn't feel like a bulky phone at all, particularly thanks to its thin bezels surrounding the screen.. Unlike the cheaper Moto G, the Moto X Play is merely water repellent, rather than waterproof. This means it should cope with the odd splash (as most phones can), but it won't survive being dropped in the bath.. When you remove that cover there's nothing to see or do: the 3630mAh battery is captive.. On the top edge is a centrally mounted headphone jack, plus a removable all-in-one nano SIM and microSD tray. For the UK model, the second nano SIM slot is blanked off. We don't know why Motorola chose not to make it a dual-SIM model, but this gives the. OnePlus 2 another advantage over the Motorola. The microUSB port is on the bottom edge.. Like the new Moto G, the Play does not have stereo speakers at the front. Only the bottom grille hides a loud speaker - but even that sounds pretty good for videos and games (not so much for music).. One disappointment is the plastic volume rocker and power button. These are all on the right-hand side but are made from plastic and lack a premium feel. The display is a brilliant 5.5in 1080p Full HD screen, which is the same specs as the iPhone 6 Plus. The pixel density of 403ppi can't quite beat the higher 520ppi of the Moto X Style's 5.7in display, but it's great quality nonetheless and you'll enjoy using it to watch movies and play games.. Some will feel let down by the switch to IPS technology from AMOLED which the previous Moto X used. However, the Play's screen is very good. Colours are vivid (we measured 90 percent of sRGB), and it's also really bright at 678cd/m2, which means it's easier to see what you're photographing when outside in the sun.. Adaptive brightness is off by default so you'll probably want to make that your first change in Settings. You can also switch from the default 'Vivid' to 'Realistic' colour - this seems to be an option added to appeal to those who prefer the more vibrant hues of AMOLED displays.. Whether you're in or out, playing games, watching videos or just sending an email, the screen is a pleasure to use. It doesn't offer the power saving features of AMOLED when you're using the Moto Display feature though (see software below).. Inside the Moto X Play you'll find Bluetooth 4.0 LE connectivity, but there's no 802.11ac Wi-Fi like there is in the Moto X Style and even was in the 2014 Moto X. There is GPS and NFC, though.. A mid-range 1.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa-core processor crunches the numbers, with Adreno 405 graphics and 2GB RAM. We found games such as Real Racing played fantastically smoothly on the Moto X Play, and it's no different when navigating around Android Lollipop.. If you care about benchmark results (which you shouldn't put too much faith in) then here's the lowdown:. Moto X Play GFXBench 3.0 T-Rex. So, the numbers make it pretty clear that the Moto X Play isn't a powerhouse and a 'flagship killer' like the OnePlus 2, but in general use you'll struggle to notice a difference.. Storage isn't hugely generous by today's standards: there are 16- or 32GB to choose between (32GB bumps up the price by £40) but you've the ability to add 128GB more thanks to the microSD card slot, a welcome addition that wasn't present in the previous Moto X models.. The battery is a 3,630mAh battery that should last for up to 30 hours according to Motorola. That's with mixed use, of course - not 30 hours of video playback.. In our battery benchmark, the Play doesn't last much more than a typical phone at 6 hours, 21 minutes. This means you'll probably end up charging it every night rather than every other as you might have hoped. Still, it depends on what you're doing. If you're watching offline video with a fairly low screen brightness, you should easily get through a long-haul flight - over 12 hours - before needing more power. And if you're the sort of person who uses their phone only occasionally through the day, or mainly while commuting, then you could well be charging it once every two days.. Note, that the Play lacks the Turbo Boost feature boasted by the Moto X Style, so takes longer to recharge.. The Moto X Play does have one advantage: a good camera – the same camera in the Moto X Style, in fact. It's a big improvement over the 13Mp camera found in the previous model, at 21Mp with an aperture of f/2.0 and several handy modes including Burst Mode, Night mode, Auto HDR and Panorama. It isn't as good as the camera on the Nexus 5X or 6P, but it's considerably cheaper than either of Google's phones.. On the front is the 5Mp camera like the one in the Style, which is another improvement over the 2Mp sensor on the front of last year's Moto X.. You get the minimal Lollipop camera app which doesn't have a distracting interface - there isn't even a shutter button. You just tap on the screen to take a shot, or hold your finger for a burst of photos.. We don't like that there's no indication of focus, so you never know if the picture will be sharp or not. Photos will be taken even if the subject is way too close and blurry, for example. Fortunately, focus is generally very fast and also accurate. We took the photo of a flower (roughly 60mm in size) below on a windy day and were a little surprised to find it very sharp (we've resized the photo from 5344x4008 pixels to 1600x1200).. This is a 100 percent crop of the image so you can see the full amount of detail captured:. You can toggle a focus/exposure control which lets you tap to set the focus and exposure point, and dial the exposure up and down. There's also night and panorama modes.. Frustratingly, the Play can only capture 1080p HD video, not the 4K video that's supported by the Style (and OnePlus 2). It can shoot slow motion video, but only at 540p - not even in HD! You should also know that the Play doesn't have optical stabilisation, while the OnePlus 2 does.. This makes video footage feel quite raw, but it's sharp and colours are great. Sound quality is reasonable - overall you shouldn't be disappointed, so long as you won't miss the option to record in 4K.. The Moto X Play comes with Android 5.1.1 Lollipop installed, which is pretty much stock Android that Motorola has hardly touched. You will find Moto Assist, Moto Display and Moto Actions, but aside from that we're pleased to see that the company has gone for a vanilla user experience that's closer to what you'll find on Google's own Nexus devices.. An update to Marshmallow is on the way, and the Play should be receiving it soon.. Moto Display - for those unfamiliar - shows the time and notifications when you pick up the phone. On the old Moto X, this meant lighting up only a few pixels, but since IPS LCD displays use a backlight for the entire screen, Moto Display on the Moto X Play offers close to no power saving at all. It's merely a handy way to check time and if you have anything important to look at without pressing the sleep/wake button.. Moto Assist is the same as before. It can read out text messages when you're driving, and let you dictate a reply. You can set quiet hours when notifications can't bother you, unless it's really important. This also includes checking your calendar to find out when you're in meetings, and switchin to silent mode automatically. You can record a custom phrase which you can say to put the Play into a hands-free mode and speak your requests.. Another handy feature is the double-twist movement which launches the camera: no faffing about with swiping the screen before you can take a photo.. Screen: 5.5in Full HD 1920x1080, 403ppi. Storage: 16GB or 32GB, with up to 128GB via microSD. Video capture: 1080p HD, 30fps (MPEG4, H.264). Screen: 5.5in Full HD 1920x1080, 403ppi. Storage: 16GB or 32GB, with up to 128GB via microSD. Video capture: 1080p HD, 30fps (MPEG4, H.264). Overall, the Moto X Play is a decent mid-range phone. But, it's not the great upgrade which Moto X owners were looking for. The camera is good, as is the screen, but performance could be better - as could battery life. Had Motorola offered the dual-SIM version in the UK and made the phone waterproof, it would have had enough to be a decent alternative to the OnePlus 2. For many, this more powerful rival will be more appealing. It's also cheaper and has optical stabilisation and the option to shoot 4K video. Yet, if you like the idea of creating your own custom phone and don't want the hassle of getting an invite to buy a OnePlus 2, it's really not a bad deal at all.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
Telephony, multimedia, FM radio, audio quality 7. Camera, image quality, video recording 8. Motorola Moto X Play specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (167). Motorola Moto X Play key features. 5.5" IPS display with FullHD (1920 x 1080 pixels) resolution, 403 ppi density, Gorilla Glass 3. 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 chipset; quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53 CPU; Adreno 405 GPU; 2GB of LPDDR3 RAM. 16/32GB of built-in memory; microSD card slot (up to 128GB). Stock Android 5.1.1 Lollipop with no bloatware, planned upgrade to v6.0 Marshmallow. 21 MP main camera with f/2.0 aperture; phase detect autofocus; dual-tone LED flesh; gesture controls. 1080p video capture @ 30fps; slow-motion video capture. 5MP front-facing camera with f/2.0 aperture. 4 LTE support; dual-band 802.11a/g/b/n Wi-Fi; Bluetooth 4.0 LE; NFC; GPS. FM radio with RDS, front-facing speaker. 3,630 mAh battery; TurboPower quick charging. The Moto X Play is the balancing act between the Moto G and Moto X Style with a tendency to aim high instead of settle for less. At 5.5 inches in diagonal its display still puts it in phablet territory, leaving the Moto G (3rd gen) to cater to compact phone lovers. It's a FullHD panel too, striking the obvious reasonable compromise between sharpness and battery life.. And battery life is one area, where the Moto X Play should excel - it has a huge 3,630mAh cell, with support for fast charging too, though a TurboCharger has sadly been omitted from the bundle.. The Moto X Play comes with the much-hyped new 21MP camera from the flagship, complete with phase detection autofocus and a dual-LED flash too. What it lacks is 4K video capture - the Snapdragon 615 that powers the Play caps recording at 1080p. Qualcomm's ubiquitous midrange chip is coupled with 2GB of RAM and 16GB or 32GB of built-in storage - run-of-the-mill specs in the segment.. One of the coolest features of the Moto X Play is customizability. You can choose from close to 200 color combinations between the front panel, back cover, frame and camera accent, and sport the look that best fits your style. That is, if you're in one of the few lucky countries where the Motomaker is available.. It's an odd decision by Motorola not to bundle a fast charger with the Moto X Play. With such battery capacity, support for fast charging and advertised 48-hour battery endurance, the lack of a proper charger leaves you feeling a little cheated.. Motorola Moto X Play press images. That said, it's hard not to like the Moto X Play. Motorola has struck all the right notes with the Moto X Play and is offering a comprehensive package at an affordable price. There's plenty of capable competition in the midrange though, and while customizability plays a major role here, the phone also needs to perform. The Moto X Play takes on esteemed rivals on the following pages, but we'll kick off with the usual unboxing and hardware overview.. Telephony, multimedia, FM radio, audio quality 7. Camera, image quality, video recording 8. Motorola Moto X Play specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (167). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Moto G6 pops up on Geekbench. Motorola Moto Z2 Force on AT&T gets Oreo update. Motorola wants us to realize we are addicted to our phones. New leak shows all the colors of the Moto G6 Plus. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto X Play. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto X Play smartphone was launched in July 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 403 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto X Play price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto X Play is powered by 1.7GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto X Play packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto X Play runs Android 5.1.1 and is powered by a 3630mAh non removable battery. It measures 148.00 x 75.00 x 10.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 169.00 grams. The Motorola Moto X Play is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good battery life Near stock Android Improved camera Bad Low light camera performance could be better No water resistance. Read detailed Motorola Moto X Play review. Moto X Play Starts Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update: Report. Moto X Play to Get Android Nougat Update Soon, Moto India Confirms. Moto X Play Running Android 7.1.1 Nougat Spotted on Benchmark Site; Tips Upcoming Update. Moto X Play Now Receiving Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Update in India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto X Play Price in India Moto X Play (Black, 16GB) Rs. 12,490 Moto X Play (Black, 32GB) Rs. Motorola Moto X Play detailed specifications. Release date July 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 148.00 x 75.00 x 10.90 Weight (g) 169.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3630 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 403. Processor 1.7GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto X Play. 2.6 Out of 5. 5 Star 6 4 Star 6 3 Star 2 2 Star 1 1 Star 15. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 26 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. Moto X Play 5 Day use Report Card. By Prakrat Shkl | 7 Oct 2015. My 5 days with the X Play, 32 gb edition Black color. First thing you notice is that it looks stunningly beautiful. The stock android provided is not very good. You cannot totally mute (sound & vibration both) from the dropdown menu bar. You have to go to settings to do it. Screen lock when pattern is opted, you can go on trying. It doesn’t say to send the new pattern to your e mail. Clearing open apps has to be done manually one by one. Data cannot be managed from the dropdown menu. The moment wifi is unavailable; the mobile sim data takes its place. Again to close it you have to go to settings. The audio tunes for ringtone are dumb. But thanks to moto migrate I could get all my data in to the x play. The battery, because of which I bought the phone, is really good. After 100% charge I had to start using x play at 4 am. That day I was out till 11:30 pm. full day I used it properly as I did my redmi 1s/Note 4, for calls, whatsapp, facebook net, games, and yes streaming videos also. In the night the battery still had enough juice approx 13%, to last for another 3.5 hours as the battery indicator said. This thing has won my heart. Now I don’t have to carry power pack everywhere, which was a pain in the back. The only thing you need to keep in mind is to take pics in normal light & how to focus. The normal light pics are better than one plus one (which I compared) & at par with note 4.. For gaming I didn't get lots of time to play except 8 ball pool, zombies & some simple games. The front facing speaker is what a relief, relief of not setting one of your fingers on the back to direct the sound in the front. sound is mono but loud enough. Call quality is crisp and clear and loud. As for now I think I made a good decision. But again I must say, this phone in its nude state looks very beautiful.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 9 out of 9 people found this review helpful. By Minervi Gupta | 18 Apr 2017. I bought this phone exactly a year back and my experience has been quite good. Here are the pros and cons:. but not so good at night. even though i have installed so many apps, the phone does not hang or heat up that much.. Thanks to the turbo charger, the phones gets charged up in a hour or so.. Alot of things like clearing open apps, mute etc. has to be done manually/ from the settings.. But overall the phone looks good, works well, hasn't given me any trouble and has a good battery backup. The camera is not so bad either. In fact in daylight it's damn good. Not switching my phone was a year atleast :). Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By mohammad saqib | 4 Mar 2016. I am using moto x play since a month. and it is a good phone with in a range. if you are looking a phone range 17000-20000. i suggest all of you to buy this smartphone.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. i want buy moto x play,. By Siddu Harwal | 18 Nov 2015. i want to buy this phone so please any one suggest me its better phone. i want buy moto x play,. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Rachel Kate | 22 Dec 2017. I've had the moto x play for a little over two years now. It has survived 2 weeksoutside in the canadian winters and still works like a charm. I've dropped so many times that I can't remember how much. Aside from a few cracks the touch screen works awesome. I definitely recommend getting one of these bad boys!!. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto X Play Starts Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update: Report. Moto X Play to Get Android Nougat Update Soon, Moto India Confirms. Moto X Play Running Android 7.1.1 Nougat Spotted on Benchmark Site; Tips Upcoming Update. Moto X Play Now Receiving Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Update in India. Moto X Play Now Receiving Android 6.0 Marshmallow Update in India. 10 Smartphones We Loved in 2015. Moto X Play: Six Key Differences. Moto X Play Review: Boringly Good. Moto X Play With 21-Megapixel Camera Launched at Rs. More Motorola Moto X Play news. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Meizu M2 Note Motorola Moto X Play vs. Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo vs. LG Nexus 4 Zopo Hero 1 vs. Motorola Moto X Play Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 vs. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Asus Zenfone Selfie Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto X Force vs. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Motorola Moto G 4g Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Play vs. Nokia X2 Dual Sim Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 vs. Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto E4 Plus vs. Motorola Moto X Play Leeco Le 2 Pro vs. Sony Xperia M5 Dual vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto X Play in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto X Play vs Motorola Moto X (2014) Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (7.1, 6.0, 5.1) Android (5.1, 5.0, 4.4.4). Dimensions 5.80 x 2.95 x 0.43 inches (147.3 x 75 x 10.9 mm) 5.54 x 2.85 x 0.39 inches (140.8 x 72.4 x 9.9 mm). Weight 5.96 oz (169 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.08 oz (144 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Plastic Main body: Plastic. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.2 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection) Autofocus. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Digital zoom. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets Exposure compensation. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps) 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Video calling Digital image stabilization, Video calling. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 2 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 8939 Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 8974-AC. Octa-core, 1700 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Quad-core, 2500 MHz, Krait 400. 2 GB RAM 2 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring Wireless screen share Wireless screen share. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1800, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 19, 20, 28 Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20. Data LTE, HSPA, HSUPA LTE, HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Sensors Accelerometer, Compass Accelerometer, Compass, Gesture. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass GPS, A-GPS, Glonass. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 28 Jul 2015 04 Sep 2014. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $165 Buy. $155 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola moto x play. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola moto x play. Save motorola moto x play to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola moto x play to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1562/1563 LCD Display Touch Digitizer Screen+Frame. New Launch Motorola Moto X Play 32GB With Turbo Charge Unlocked Dual Sim 21MP 4G. verre blindé pour Motorola Moto X JOUER / X jouer double verre véritable. Motorola Moto X Play 16GB Black Unlocked-Very Good Condition-VG28 48. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1562 XT1563 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame. New Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1563 LCD Display Screen Digitizer Touch Frame. Motorola Moto X Play 16GB Black Unlocked-Very Good Condition-VG23 05. Motorola Moto X Play XT1562 16GB White, 5.5", Unlocked GSM Smartphone. 9H Tempered Glass Cover Screen Protector Clear Protective Film For Motorola Moto. New Hybrid Brushed Shockproof Rugged Impact Armor Case Cover For Motorola Phones. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1562 XT1563 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Frame. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola Moto Z Play / Force X Style. Armor Rugged Shockproof Case Cover Hard For Motorola Droid Maxx 2/Moto X Play. Motorola Moto X Play 3a Dual Droid Maxx 2 Battery XT1562/3/5 FL40 3425mAh + Tool. White For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1562 XT1563 LCD Screen + Touch Digitizer. Shockproof Brushed Carbon Fiber TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G4 G5 X Z Play. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1562 XT1563 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer +Frame. Mofi Ultra Slim Matte Hard Back Case For Motorola Moto X4 Moto Z2 Play G5S Plus. For Motorola Moto X Play / Droid MAXX 2 Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector. 3 new & refurbished from $1.76. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Motorola Moto C G4 G5 E4 Plus X Force. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1563 XT1564 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. Ultra Thin Slim Transparent Clear Crystal TPU Gel Case Cover Universal Back Skin. Soft TPU Patterned Paint Rubber Silicone Skin Case Cover For Motorola Moto. Universal Luminous Glow in Dark Silicone TPU Phone Cover Bumper Frame Case Skins. Motorola Moto X Play XT1564 Motherboard Logic Board Clean IMEI UNLOCKED 16GB. HYBRID ARMOR TOUGH HARD CASE + STAND FOR MOTOROLA MOTO Z X C G3 G4 G5 PLAY PLUS. Unlock Code Motorola Moto G Moto E Moto X Moto 4G 2nd Gen MOTO G4 PLAY MOTO G5. Ultra Thin Soft TPU Gel Clear Crystal Case Cover For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561. 360° Hybrid Rugged Armor CaseCover For Motorola Moto X Play XT1563 XT1562 XT1561. Motorola Moto X Play / X Pure Edition XT1575 Touch digitizer LCD display Frame. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1562 XT1563 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer + Tools. Unlock Code for Motorola Moto Z Z2 X G E C G2 G5 G4 E2 Play Telcel Nextel Mexico. Shockproof Soft TPU Gel Phone Accessries Case Cover For Motorola Lenovo Vodafone. 2Pcs 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Motorola Moto Phone. Armor Kickstand Shockproof Cover Case For Motorola MOTO X4 C X Z G4 G5 Plus Play. Nillkin Matte Shield Hard Shell Case Cover + Screen Protector For Motorola Moto. Leather Stand Flip Wallet Card Case Cover For Motorola Moto G3/X Play/X Style. Soft TPU Case Ultra Thin Transparent Clear Cover Skin For Motorola Moto G/E/X. Unlock TELUS Koodo Motorola Moto G E X Z Play G5 G4 Plus. For Motorola Moto X Play X Style Leather Wallet Flip Stand Card Bag Cover Case. Slim Metal Aluminum Brushed Hard Back Case Cover For Motorola G5 Plus Moto Z X M. Motorola Moto X 3rd play BlackLCD Touch Plate Bezel Faceplate Frame Front Housin. BLACK HARD CASE COVER + BELT CLIP HOLSTER STAND FOR MOTOROLA MOTO X PLAY PHONE. CoverON® for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Hybrid Stand Armor Cover. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1562 Hybrid Dual Layer Case Shell Shock Kickstand. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1562 Dual Layer Case Kickstand Unique Designs. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561 XT1562 XT1563 LCD Screen Digitizer Touch + Frame. For Moto X Play Shockproof Waterproof Gorilla Glass Metal Rugged Defender Case. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case - Hard Diamond Bling Phone Cover. OEM For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561/1562/15 63 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Almost All Motorola Models Supported from All Countries. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Motorola Manuals Cell Phone moto x Play User manual Motorola moto x Play User Manual. Related Manuals for Motorola moto x Play. Cell Phone Motorola Moto X Style Instruction Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto X Style Instruction Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto X Pure Edition Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto x User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto x Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTO X User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto x Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto x User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto X User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto X User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto X Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto x User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto X User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto X User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTO 68004061015 Getting Started Manual. Motorola cell phone getting started guide (71 pages). Summary of Contents for Motorola moto x Play. Page 25: Your Phone Number, Emergency Calls. Page 36: Google Apps, Google Now. Page 53: Mobile Network, Airplane Mode. Moto G At a glance Start Home screen & apps Control & customize Calls Contacts Messages Email Type Google Apps Browse Photos & videos ™ Protect Want more? Music Locate & navigate Organize Connect & transfer Support Safety Hot topics Search topics.... (on back) Press & hold: Caution: Before using your phone, please read the safety, Phone on/off. regulatory and legal information at Volume www.motorola.com/mymotoxplay. Buttons Google Play Store Back Home Overview Menu More Micro USB/.... At a glance At a glance Hot topics First look Check out what your phone can do. Hot topics Find these fast: Wi-Fi, airplane “Quick settings” mode, flashlight, and more. Choose new wallpaper, sounds, “Redecorate your and more. home screen” More megapixels for clearer “Take photos”.... With a dual SIM phone, you can use one or two nano SIM cards. Put in the nano SIM and optional microSD cards. Motorola Shells If there's only one SIM in the phone, it's ready to use. With two Protective bumper Caution: Make sure you use the correct size SIM cards, don’t.... Motorola Shells You can change the back cover for a new look with Motorola Shells. Note: Motorola Shells are sold separately and availability varies Put the top of the phone inside the protective bumper.. Put in the cards & power on To save even more battery life between charges, you could Your phone is like a small computer that processes tons of Motorola Shells reduce: information and apps at lightning fast speed. Android Backup and Restore feature, your contacts 11:35 automatically appear on your new phone. Otherwise, use the Motorola Migrate app in “Old phone to new phone”. Note: This phone supports apps and services that may use a lot Add your account of data, so make sure your data plan meets your needs.. Note: If your old phone is an Android™ phone, download the • For iPhones, you can migrate contacts and calendar events Old phone to new phone Motorola Migrate app on Google Play™ on your old phone only from the iCloud. Home screen & apps you have quick access Home screen & apps Quick start: Home screen & apps Tips & tricks Quick start: Home screen & apps • Widgets: To put widgets like a clock, interactive calendar, The home screen is what you see when you first turn on your Help &.... Wednesday, January 7 Explore 3 new messages 01/07/2015 Tip: To clear just one, amy.merchant321@gmail.com Learn about Motorola features flick it to the left or right. Weekly Staff Meeting Personalize your device 11:30-12:30 pm Conference Room 1 Discover apps Craig Tanner.... Home screen & apps Home screen & apps Icons at the top right of your screen tell you about phone status: Also, tap one of these options for more settings: Quick start: Home screen & apps • All: Receive all interruptions and alarms. Home screen & apps Home screen & apps Note: Your phone may not have all features. • Download: To download an app you found, tap it to see Quick start: Home screen & apps details, then tap INSTALL , or the price. Safe Mode: Turn off your phone, then turn it back • If you doubt the safety of an app, don’t install it. on—when you see the “Motorola” logo during power-up, press and hold both volume buttons until you see the home •.... Note: When updating your phone, make sure you have enough battery power to complete the update. • Using your computer: On your computer, go to www.motorola.com/update. Control & customize how it acts & looks Control & customize Quick start: Control & customize Tips & tricks Quick start: Control & customize • Speak: Tap in a search window, or on a keyboard. Take control of your phone: Controls and gestures On, off, lock &.... Control & customize Control & customize app from the list, swipe it left or right. To scroll the list, swipe Volume buttons Quick start: Control & customize up or down. Your volume buttons help in a few ways: Controls and gestures Tip: You don’t need to remove apps from Overview for your On, off, lock &.... Control & customize Control & customize • Text entry: On a touchscreen keyboard, tap , then speak screen, tap Apps > > > Settings Security Screen lock Quick start: Control & customize your message or search text. You can also speak (see “Screen lock”).. Control & customize Control & customize • Ringtone for a contact: To set a personal ringtone for a • Add shortcuts: Tap Apps , touch and hold the app, then Quick start: Control & customize contact, tap Apps > Contacts , and tap the contact.. > Settings Accessibility Note: For general information, accessories, and more, visit www.motorola.com/accessibility. Tip: Your phone has a flashlight that you can turn on and off Voice recognition from this screen. Just tell your phone what you’d like to do—dial, browse, Profiles search, send a text, and more.. Control & customize Control & customize Note: You might need to download text-to-speech software To turn on Explore by touch when TalkBack is active, tap Quick start: Control & customize (data charges may apply). Apps > Settings > Accessibility > TalkBack >.... Control & customize Control & customize To turn off Explore by touch when TalkBack is active, tap • Ringtones: Assign a unique ringtone to a contact. Tap Quick start: Control & customize Apps > Settings > Accessibility > TalkBack Apps >.... Control & customize Control & customize Tip: Or tap Apps > > > • Touchscreen: To hear a click when you tap something on Settings Display Font size Quick start: Control & customize > Huge the screen, select Touch sounds Controls and gestures •.... Calls when you need to talk Calls Quick start: Calls Tips & tricks Quick start: Calls • During a call: Your touchscreen goes dark to avoid Dial contacts, recent calls, or numbers, all from one app. To wake it up, move it away from your Answer &.... Calls Calls Answer & end calls Recent calls Quick start: Calls • Answer a call: When your phone is unlocked, View your calls (with newest first), and then call, text, or store Make calls them: Answer & end calls ANSWER Recent calls Note: When your phone is locked, swipe right to answer a Find it:.... Calls Calls Your phone number Quick start: Calls Find it: Apps > Settings > About phone > Status > Make calls > Answer & end calls Status My phone number Recent calls Note: May not be available in all countries. 3-way calls Your phone number Emergency calls.... FAVORITES ALL CONTACTS For help with transferring contacts, learn about Motorola Migrate in “Old phone to new phone” or go to www.motorola.com/TransferContacts. Create contacts Tap to view contact Allie Find it: Apps >.... Contacts Contacts Call, text, or email contacts show it. Tap to uncheck accounts you always Customize Quick start: Contacts want to hide. Find it: Apps > Contacts Create contacts Call, text, or email contacts Get contacts Tap a contact to see more options. Depending on the Favorites information you have for that person, you can call, text, or send Edit, delete, or hide contacts.... Contacts Contacts Share contacts Quick start: Contacts Share a contact with a Bluetooth connection, in a message, or Create contacts using Google Drive™: Call, text, or email contacts Favorites Find it: Apps > Contacts Edit, delete, or hide contacts Get contacts To share a contact, tap it, then tap Menu >.... Messages say it & go Messages Quick start: Messages Tips & tricks Quick start: Messages • Forward a message: In a conversation, touch and hold a Stay in touch with messages and pictures. Read, forward & more message for more options, such as forwarding it. Set your default messaging app Find it: Apps >.... Messages Messages • Settings: Tap Menu > to change your Email Settings Quick start: Messages notifications and other options. Read, forward & more Set your default messaging app Set your default messaging app Find it: Apps >.... Messages Messages • Add email accounts: The Gmail app manages all of your Quick start: Messages email accounts. To add personal email accounts, follow the Read, forward & more prompts when you first open the app, or tap Gmail Set your default messaging app Apps >.... Type keyboard when you need it Type Quick start: Type Tips & tricks Quick start: Type • Move the cursor: Tap a spot in the text to place the cursor, When you tap a text box, like in a message or search, you have Text entry settings &.... Type Type Text entry settings & dictionary Quick start: Type Choose your keyboard style and edit the dictionary of words Text entry settings & dictionary your phone suggests: Cut, copy & paste Find it: Apps > > Settings Language & input •.... Organize get it done anytime Organize Clock Calendar Clock Find it: Apps > Clock > See all your events, all in one place. Calendar Corporate sync • Alarm: Tap. Tap an alarm to edit it, or tap to add a new Find it: Apps >.... Organize Organize • Show, edit, or delete events: Tap an event to open it, then • To create a new file or folder, tap Clock tap edit. Tap DELETE to remove the event. • To open a file, tap it. Google Apps™ your world, your life, your friends Google Apps™ Google Play™ Tip: When Google Now is on, swipe right from the home Google Play™ screen to see it. Google Play is a digital content experience from Google Google Now™ where you can find and enjoy your favorite movies, books, Google+™.... Google Apps™ Google Apps™ • Upload photos: Tap Apps > and tap a photo Gallery Google Play™ or video. Choose > Google+ and select your account. Google Now™ • Add a widget: Use a widget to quickly read your Google+ Google+™.... Browse explore & find Browse Quick start: Chrome™ Tips & tricks Quick start: Chrome™ • Webpage shortcut: To add a shortcut to a webpage on Find it: Apps > Chrome Web connection your home screen, when viewing the webpage, tap Menu Downloads •.... Browse Browse Downloads Safe surfing & searching Quick start: Chrome™ Warning: Apps downloaded from the web can be from Keep track of what your browser and searches show: Web connection unknown sources. To protect your phone and personal data Downloads •.... Photos & videos see it, capture it, share it! Photos & videos Quick start: Photos & videos Tips & tricks Quick start: Photos & videos • Quick Capture: Tap Apps > , swipe the Camera With two twists of the wrist and a tap on the screen, take crisp, Take photos screen right and tap to turn Quick Capture on or off.. Photos & videos Photos & videos Take photos Options Quick start: Photos & videos Find it: Apps > Camera Take photos Control focus Drag the brackets over the object you Record videos want to focus on (turns green when in and exposure Tap anywhere on the camera screen to take the photo.. Photos & videos Photos & videos View, share, & use photos & videos Capture your screen Quick start: Photos & videos Find it: Apps > Gallery Share a screen capture of your favorite playlist, your new high Take photos score, or a friend’s contact information. If you can show it on Record videos •.... Play Movies & TV movies & shows, wherever you go Photos & videos Quick Start: Play Movies & TV Quick start: Photos & videos Find and rent movies and TV shows to watch on your phone, Take photos tablet, or computer: Record videos The perfect shot Find it: Apps.... Play Music when life needs a soundtrack Play Music Quick start: Music Tips & tricks Quick start: Music • Volume: Press the volume buttons. Music everywhere—stream it, buy it, save it, play it. • Hide the music player: To use another app while your music plays, tap Home .. Play Music Play Music Note: Copyright—do you have the right? Always follow the Quick start: Music rules. See “Content Copyright” in your legal and safety information. Locate & navigate where you are, where you’re going Locate & navigate Quick start: Locate & navigate Tips & tricks Quick start: Locate & navigate • Find an address: In the search field, enter an address or Find a nearby cafe, get directions or step-by-step GPS voice something you’re looking for, like “restaurant.”.... Connect & transfer wired up or wireless Connect & transfer Quick start: Connect & transfer Tips & tricks Quick start: Connect & transfer • Quick settings: Get to the most used settings quickly. Connect accessories, computers, networks, and more. Bluetooth® wireless Swipe down the status bar with two fingers.. Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Bluetooth® wireless Note: Using a mobile device or accessory while driving may Quick start: Connect & transfer cause distraction and may be illegal. Always obey the laws and Bluetooth® wireless Turn Bluetooth power on/off drive safely.. Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Wi-Fi networks Wi-Fi hotspot Quick start: Connect & transfer Note: This phone supports apps and services that may use a lot Bluetooth® wireless Turn Wi-Fi power on/off of data, so make sure your data plan meets your needs. Wi-Fi networks Find it: Apps >.... MTP or PTP device that lets you use Windows Media Player to transfer files. For more instructions or driver files, visit www.motorola.com/support. • For Apple™ Macintosh™: Use Android File Transfer, available at www.android.com/filetransfer.. Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Your phone shows a data usage graph. Below the graph, apps Share with Android Beam™ Quick start: Connect & transfer appear from highest to least data usage. Apps that use a lot of Use Android Beam to share content on your phone with Bluetooth®.... Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Look for the NFC logo to confirm that you can make a mobile Phone & tablet Quick start: Connect & transfer payment. Touch the back your phone to the payment device to Your Android phone and tablet can work together to help you Bluetooth®.... Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Caution: Do not remove a memory card while your phone is Note: When you select airplane mode, all wireless services are Quick start: Connect & transfer using it or writing files to it. You can then turn Wi-Fi and/or Bluetooth® power Bluetooth®.... Protect keep your phone safe Protect Quick start: Protect your phone Find it: Apps > > > , then Settings Security Screen lock Quick start: Protect your phone select the lock type: Make sure your information is protected in case your phone is Screen lock •.... Protect Protect To pin a screen, open the app you want to pin, Note: Text messages, call logs, and items stored on your phone Quick start: Protect your phone tap Overview , and scroll up. To restore your Google Play Store apps, Screen lock see “Take care of your apps”.. Service & repairs • Everything Moto X Play: Get PC software, user guides, and more at www.motorola.com/mymotoxplay. If you have questions or need assistance, we’re here to help. Go to www.motorola.com/support, where you can select •.... All features, functionality, and other product specifications, as well as the information contained in this guide, are based upon the latest available information and believed to be accurate at the time of printing. Motorola reserves the right to change or modify any information or specifications without notice or obligation.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!. The next video is starting stop. Linuxbrs 44 videos 20,452 views Last updated on May 2, 2016. Motorola Moto X Play - Review (Resenha) - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Unboxing - Saindo da caixa - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Câmera traseira noturna 1080p. Motorola Moto X Play Formatando (restauração de fábrica) - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Carregadores (curiosidade) - Português. Gameplay - Mortal Kombat X - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Considerações Finais - Português. Gameplay - Thor - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay - Unkilled - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - USB OTG (On-The-Go) - Português. Moto X Play - Comando de Voz (dúvidas) - Português. Gameplay - Resumo de Jogos Parte #03 - Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Six Guns - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Simcity Buildit - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Real Racing 3 - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Robocop - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay GangStar Vegas 4 - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Dungeon Hunter 5 - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Brothers in Arms 3 - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay - Resumo de Jogos Parte #02 - Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Asphalt 8 - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Eternity Warrriors 3 - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Minion Rush - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Lara Croft - Relic Run - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay Homem Ferro 3 - Motorola Moto X Play - Português. Moto X Play - Como funciona o modo de economia de energia? - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Testado por 15 dias - Português. Gameplay - Resumo de Jogos - Moto X Play - Português. Moto X Play - Câmera Frontal - Nas ruas de Osasco com Linuxbrs. Moto X Play - Controle de foco e exposição - Português. Gameplay - Temple Run - Moto X play - Português. Gameplay - Modern Combat 5 (NOOB) - Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay - Temple Run 2 - Moto X play - Português. Gameplay - Subway Surfers - Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay - Dead Trigger 2 - Moto X Play - Português. Gameplay - Dead Trigger - Moto X Play - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Teste de duração da bateria - Português. Moto X Play - Configurando e usando o comando de voz - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Prós e Contras ( minha opinião) - Português. Moto X Play - Tempo para carregar de 10% a 100% - junto Moto G 3º Ger - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Camera frontal 1080p de dia - Português. Motorola Moto X Play - Camera 1080p de dia - Português. Vlog - Especial Moto X Play - O que acho - Português. Vlog - Whatsapp, Moto X Play e X Force 2º Ger, NUUVEM e LG K10. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto X Play vs LG G4 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (7.1, 6.0, 5.1) Android (6.0, 5.1), LG UX UI. Dimensions 5.80 x 2.95 x 0.43 inches (147.3 x 75 x 10.9 mm) 5.86 x 3.00 x 0.39 inches (148.9 x 76.1 x 9.8 mm). Weight 5.96 oz (169 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Plastic Main body: Plastic. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection) Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Laser). Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging RAW image capture, Touch to focus, Face detection, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Macro mode. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps) 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Video calling Optical image stabilization, Continuous autofocus, Picture-taking during video recording, Video light, Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 8 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 8939 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992. Octa-core, 1700 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Hexa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 20 nm. 2 GB RAM 3 GB RAM. up to 128 GB up to 2000 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. 18.50 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring Wireless screen share DLNA, Wireless screen share, SlimPort. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback, Custom equalizer, Preset equalizer. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1800, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 19, 20, 28 Bands 2, 4, 5, 12, 13, 17, 25. Data LTE, HSPA, HSUPA LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Sensors Accelerometer, Compass Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Barometer. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Service lights, Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones (64 voices), Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass GPS, A-GPS, S-GPS, Glonass. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 28 Jul 2015 28 Apr 2015. FCC ID value: ZNFH815 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $165 Buy. $155 Buy. $250 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The next video is starting stop. Motorola Moto X Play | Test deutsch. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Motorola Moto X Play: Wir haben das neue Moto X Play von Motorola getestet und zeigen seine Stärken und Schwächen, Benchmarks und Wettbewerbsvergleich. Klick auf "Mehr anzeigen" für das Inhaltsverzeichnis. Handy-Bestenliste: http://bit.ly/1vSmwH7 00:45 Unboxing 01:35 Wertigkeit 01:55 Display 02:39 Bedienung 04:15 Akku 04:57 Benchmark 05:31 Foto/Video 06:41 MP3/Audio 07:36 Internet 08:19 Sprachqualität 08:37 Pro/Contra 10:10 OUTTAKES Wenn Du Fragen zu diesem Gerät hast, stelle diese bitte in den Kommentaren. Wenn Du das Video magst, dann klicke bitte auf "Mag ich". Wenn Du automatisch über neue Videos von uns informiert werden möchtest, dann abonniere einfach unseren Kanal: http://bit.ly/ZkkvZ8 Tariftipp.de testet Handys und Smartphones seit 1998. Handy Bestenliste: http://bit.ly/1vSmwH7 Testberichte: http://bit.ly/143tLnC Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1bffVSa Google+: http://bit.ly/1dyYkRZ. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Moto X Play Test (4K) | mobile-reviews. Motorola Moto X Play im Hands-on | deutsch. Moto X Play - brutal Scratch Test!. Moto X Play VS LG G4 - Speed & Camera Test!. 5 Reasons To BUY the Moto X Play. Moto X Play India Hindi Review, Gaming, Camera, Features and Value for Money. Moto X Play VS Nexus 6 - Speed & Camera Test!. Moto X Play OTG Test, Sensors, Benchmarks, Design Flaws and More. Das perfekte Smartphone? Motorola Moto X Play Review (Deutsch)| TechReviews DE. Motorola Moto X Play Water Splash Test. Moto X Play Vs One Plus One Comparison, Good, Bad and Ugly. Moto X Play - Water Test Will It Survive?. Handy-Schnäppchen | Folge #6 - August 2016. 6 Reasons To Not Buy Motorola Moto X Play- Crisp Review. Moto X Play - Review after 2 Weeks!. 72h with Moto X Play - BATTERY BATTERY and more... Moto X Play Honest Review | Pros and Cons, Likes & Dislikes. Neu in Android 6.0 Marshmallow: Teil 1 - Apps & Berechtigungen. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Motorola Motorola Moto X Play. Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Play review: Still a solid choice. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. Page 1 of 2 Motorola Moto X Play review: Still a solid choice 1. Motorola Moto X Play review: Still a solid choice 2. The Moto X Play is an excellent mid-range smartphone with a camera and battery life that can still compete alongside this year's flagships. Processor : Octa-core 1.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615, Screen Size : 5.5in, Screen resolution : 1,920x1,080, Rear camera : 21 megapixels, Storage (free) : 16GB (11GB) / 32GB, Wireless data : 3G, 4G, Size : 148x75x8.9mm, Weight : 169g, Operating system : Android 5.1.1. See all of the best Motorola Moto X Play deals on uSwitch. There've been plenty of Moto X regenerations in recent years ever since it first graced our store shelves way back in 2013. The first Moto X was a wonderfully priced compact handheld, with the second generation morphing into a significantly more premium device worthy of the flagship title. Motorola seems to have reverted back to the original design, bringing a budget-friendly smartphone to the masses with their Moto X Play.. At just £280 (and now at a lower price of just £220), it sits itself in the comfortable mid-range price bracket; it isn't bargain basement cheap but isn't so expensive you need to take out a mortgage either. Strangely, it's not the only Moto model we were treated to in 2015, with the plus-sized Moto X Style and the hazards-tackling Moto X Force. Almost a year on then, we'll take a look back at the Moto X Play and see if it still sets itself apart as a necessary purchase in the 2016 world of smartphones.. That doesn't mean the Moto X Play is any less of a great handset, though. While not the slimmest of phones, measuring 8.9mm at its thinnest point and curving out to 10.9mm, the Moto X Play is very comfortable to hold thanks to its rubberised rear panel. The rounded edges can be a tad slippy at times, but I was easily able grasp it in one hand and reach across to the other side of the screen without any fear of dropping it.. Unlike the 3rd Gen Moto G , the Moto X Play isn't completely waterproof. Instead, it's merely water resistant, so it will survive the odd splash or accidental spill as well as a light rain shower, but it won't fare so well if you drop it down the loo. This is a shame, but it's the exactly the same situation with the Moto X Style, so it's not like you're missing out by opting for the Play.. Ironically, it's the Moto X Play which has the more flexible design, as its removable back cover means you can customise it with as many different coloured inlays or Flip Shell cases as you like. Admittedly, a rubber back is never going to match up to the Style's real leather or wood panel textures (both of which add a bit more to the Style's overall price), but it does mean you can always change the colour later on if you get tired of the one you bought originally. The design of the Style, on the other hand, remains fixed for the life of the handset.. There's a range of different colours to choose from using Motorola's Moto Maker service, and you can even customise the colour of the metallic accent that runs down the back around the camera. Prices here start at £280, which is only £10 more than the standard black or white model available from other retailers, allowing you to find your perfect personalised colour combo without compromising your wallet.. The only option which does increase the phone's price is the amount of storage. The phone has 16GB by default (around 11GB of which is available to the user), but you can get 32GB for another £40, taking the total cost up to £319. However, the microSD card slot accepts cards up to 128GB, so this seems like a bit of waste of money – you could buy a 128GB microSD card for the same amount of money.. The Moto X Play may not be quite as fast as its big brothers, but its octa-core, 1.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor is certainly no slouch. Paired with 2GB of RAM, Android 5.1.1 runs beautifully, with super smooth menu animations and lightning fast loading times. Likewise, its performance in Geekbench 3 is actually on par with the Snapdragon 808-based LG G4 with scores of 708 and 2,567 in the single and multicore tests respectively. This also outstrips many of its Snapdragon 615-based rivals, such as the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 and Sony Xperia M4 Aqua , giving the Moto X Play an extra speed boost worthy of its slightly higher price.. The Moto X Play drops the ball slightly when it comes to browsing the web, though, as its Peacekeeper score of 828 is decidedly average compared to other 615-based handsets. Scrolling down The Guardian's home page, for instance, was still quite jerky even once it had loaded, but the Moto X Play coped much better with other sites such as the BBC and Expert Reviews.. Thankfully, its graphics capabilities are far more in keeping with a sub £300 smartphone. While it may only have scored 361 in GFX Bench GL's offscreen Manhattan test, equating to roughly 5.8fps, the Moto X play was equally capable of playing demanding games such as Blizzard's Hearthstone and 2D puzzlers like Threes were super smooth, so you should be able to play any game on the Google Play Store without any trouble.. Battery life was good, too, as its large 3,630mAh battery lasted 13h 08m in our continuous video playback test with the screen set to half brightness. This is just 30 minutes behind the Samsung Galaxy S6 , so the Moto X Play certainly has the stamina to match this year's top flagships despite being a fraction of the price. Page 1 of 2 Motorola Moto X Play review: Still a solid choice 1. Motorola Moto X Play review: Still a solid choice 2. Motorola Moto X Play review: Still a solid choice. The Moto X Play is an excellent mid-range smartphone with a camera and battery life that can still compete alongside this year's flagships. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9: Even MORE expensive than the Galaxy S8. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Samsung Galaxy S9: Ultra low-light photography. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Motorola Moto X Play review: big battery on a budget. Unlikely accident confirms Droid Maxx 2. Moto X Style vs Moto X Play comparison. Apparently, Motorola wants to establish a new category of smartphones. According to one of Motorola's engineers, the Moto X Play is intended for users who want a great camera with longer battery life. The Moto X Play is kind of a hybrid between the Moto G (2015) and the Moto X Style. Find out how well it achieves its ambitions in our full Moto X Play review. [ Note: the Moto X Play will be known as the Droid Maxx 2 in the US]. Motorola Moto X Play release date and price. Buy now: Moto X Play from CA$399 from Motorola.ca. Buy now: Moto X Play for. The Moto X Play was launched on July 28. The Moto X Play release date in Canada. no planned US release, it now looks as though the Moto X Play will make it to Verizon as the Droid Maxx 2 .. On October 14, Verizon and Motorola sent out press invites for an event to unveil. Two days later, a screenshot of Motorola's new stock email client, Moto Email, on the Google Play store showed an email with a signature reading 'Sent from my DROID MAXX 2'. This improbable accident all but confirms the device, so we can expect to see it announced at the October 27 event.. Moto X Play price is as low as CA$399 outright through SaskTel and Videotron,. We don't have a Droid Maxx 2 price for the US market yet, although it's been reported that it'll be around. The Moto X Play became available in parts of Europe on August 14.. UK, the 16 GB version is available for £279, and the 32 GB version for £319.. Elsewhere in Europe the 16 GB version is available for €349 but the 32 GB version has not been released or had a final price announced.. You can customize the look of the phone with. Moto Maker, but that is not included in the cost.. Motorola Moto X Play design and build quality. This is the Motorola Moto X Play. The Moto X Play looks good, but it doesn't have the same impact as the Moto X Style.. The USB port of the Moto X Play and the metallic-look plastic trim. The Moto X Play is larger than the Moto X Style. The Moto X Play is not too dissimilar to the Moto X (2014) , but any changes have been made in the right places. The Moto X Play feels more ergonomic and less slippery than the Bamboo-backed Moto X (2014).. In my opinion the Moto X Play is a better-looking phone that the Moto X (2014),. but if you're looking for the same feel and level of craftsmanship, you'll be disappointed. The materials and build quality of the Moto X Play are quite different. Where the Moto X (2014) and Moto X Style are housed in aluminum, the Moto X Play is made of plastic made to look like metal.. This does not mean that the Moto X Play is an ugly phone. But the polycarbonate frame and fake metal definitely feels less high-end.. The top edge houses a SIM and microSD card tray (up to 128 GB) as well as a centered headphone port. There's a microUSB charging port on the bottom edge.. The power button and volume rocker are located on the right-hand side of the phone and,. as usual, the power button is textured to make it easier to identify with your fingertip. Both buttons are within easy reach when using the phone one-handed.. The rubberized texture on the back of our. Moto X Play review unit feels good in the hand.. Moto Maker offers you a choice of 14. different back plates, which each have their own texture. The battery cover is easier than ever to remove but the battery itself is not removable.. The Moto X Play weighs 169 g. and is 10.9 mm at its thickest point. The new model is 25 g heavier than the previous one and 0.9 mm thicker. While it looks like there are. stereo speakers on the front, only the bottom one produces any sound (the top one is just the earpiece speaker for calls).. particularly like the materials Motorola chose, the design of the Moto X Play won me over. retained its general style but managed to create a unique identity for this new entrant in its product portfolio.. The Moto X Play has a 5.5-inch LCD display with good colors and balance.. Motorola extends the frame of the Moto X Play around to the back of the phone.. The Moto X Play display is perhaps its most controversial component. It is a 5.5-inch Full HD LCD with a pixel density of 401 pixels per inch. The panel does have balanced color reproduction and high contrast, but it's not quite up to par with the saturation or contrast levels of an AMOLED screen.. However, the problematic yellowish tint on previous AMOLED-screened Moto devices is nowhere to be seen. The LCD panel is more reflective than I'd like, but it's generally cooler than previous AMOLED displays and has a more neutral white balance. It's also brighter than the Moto X (2014).. The sharpness of the Moto X Play screen is quite good for such a relatively low pixel density and viewing angles are impressive – stable up to around 75 degrees. Contrast isn't quite so high though, and in bright sunlight it can be a little hard to see, even with the brightness pumped right up. Fortunately, you can tweak the display settings in. a custom calibration section within the settings menu.. Motorola Moto X Play special features. Moto Maker offers plenty of customization options for the Moto X Play. Motorola has shifted a lot of software features into the Moto App, which controls gestures and voice controls. The Moto X Play has a nano-coating that protects it against moderate splashes of water. The sealing is not the same as that found in the Moto G (2015) and so the Moto X Play. is not water-resistant, but if you splash some water on it. by accident it shouldn't be any worse for wear.. The Moto Maker customization options are an intrinsic part of choosing a Motorola device these days. There is barely anything you can't customize, from front and back colors, different back covers and accent colors, engraving and custom boot screen messages.. The Moto App is the nerve center for the smart features found on the Moto X Play. It can be used to configure gestures and motion controls or set a hotword for controlling the Moto X Play with your voice. Motion controls can be set to launch the camera on either the front or back, but unfortunately not for the flashlight.. The software experience is "pure", according to Motorola. The new Motorola interface looks a lot like stock Android. The Moto X Play should update from Lollipop to Marshmallow by the end of 2015. Since its days under Google, Motorola has become known for keeping Android relatively stock with a few select apps and features added on. The Moto X Play software runs on Android 5.1.1.. used to have their own sections in the settings menu, are now contained in the Moto App. While I can appreciate this will make the Android update process faster, I do miss having dedicated Moto sections in the settings.. quite a few pre-installed apps, at least on our review unit. Some of these apps can be instantly uninstalled and others can be disabled (although you won't get any internal storage back for disabled apps). The best part of Moto software is that the more you use it, the more it learns about you.. We asked Motorola when the Moto X Play Android 6.0 Marshmallow update would arrive and were told it would be either the end of 2015 or early 2016, depending on when Google delivers the source code. Android Marshmallow should be out in October and considering how. changes Motorola has made to stock Android, we don't think the update will be far behind Nexus devices.. Even under heavy stress from gaming the Moto X Play doesn't lag or heat up too much. The rear camera on the Moto X Play has a 21 MP sensor. The Moto X Play is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 615 processor, the same processor found in the HTC Desire 820, Samsung Galaxy A7, Sony Xperia M4 Aqua and Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3. Four of the eight cores are clocked at 1.7 GHz and another four at 1.0 GHz.. As with previous Motorola devices, the Moto X Play has a special co-processor for processing natural language and contextual awareness. The GPU contained in the Snapdragon chip is the Adreno 405, which is. The Moto X Play also has 2 GB of RAM, 16 GB or 32 GB storage options and a microSD card slot for memory expansion up to an additional 128 GB.. I found performance to be entirely satisfactory during the testing period for. I experienced no crashes or software glitches. Motorola's choice to keep Android as stock as possible is clearly a good one in terms of stability: the fewer modifications you do the less chance there is of bugs, stutters or lag. At least if there's a problem you know it's a core Android problem and not something Motorola did.. During testing I found no heat problems, even after heavy gaming sessions including Real Racing 3, Sonic Dash, Crossy Road or GTA: San Andreas. all game graphics could be left at their highest quality without stutters, dropped frames or excessive heat.. testing I registered no heat problems, unless the unit was flying absolute full load, for example. games like Real Racing 3, Sonic Dash, Pitfall, Crossy Road or GTA: San Andreas. Despite the mid-class processor I could leave. the graphics at the highest level in these games. At one point while I was playing Pitfall there were 32 apps in the multitasking menu, various notifications coming in over an LTE network, email syncing and more. Nevertheless, the game ran without stuttering. In the AnTuTu benchmark app the Moto X Play managed a moderate 35,074 points (newer high-end flagship devices are inching towards 70,000). This result may be lower than expected, but my subjective experience with the Moto X Play test is not reflected by this benchmarking figure.. The Moto X Play's front-facing camera boasts 5 MP and is reasonably impressive. The HDR mode on the Moto X Play is pretty great. Without a flash the Moto X Play struggles in the dark. Night Mode on the Moto X Play produces quite acceptable results. Even in Auto Mode the Moto X Play performs quite well at night. This blurred photo is a result of Auto Mode without HDR enabled. Motorola has paid a lot of attention to the cameras on both 2015 Moto X devices. The Moto X Play camera has a new Sony sensor and while it doesn't have OIS, the sensor is sensitive to individual colors, combining light intensities individually for each color.. The results of the 21 MP rear-facing. camera are impressive, as are the efforts of the 5 MP front-facing camera. The Moto X Play features 1,080p slow-motion video recording and a dual-LED with color correction. panorama shooting, night mode, macro, tap focus and exposure control.. the Moto X Play camera's f/2.0 aperture performs well. Our low-light shooting efforts were very satisfactory, especially for a phone at this price, although it did struggle without a flash. The camera software doesn't overdo it with automatic editing and it maintains sharpness and color balance nicely. Even at night there isn't excessive noise in the images, showing how seriously Motorola took getting the camera right in the Moto X Play.. HDR mode is excellent and manual exposure controls are very handy. Not everyone will make use of them, but if you want to step your photography up a notch it's nice to have them available.. Stabilization comes via software, not optical image stabilization, which is a shame. Selfies are good quality though, and produce. Motorola assures us the Moto X Play charges faster than even the Galaxy S6.. Games / social networking / YouTube. Games / Chromecast / social networking. The Moto X Play battery is one of its main selling points. It's big: 3,650 mAh is among. the largest batteries on any smartphone right now, of any size. Full HD display means the power demands from the screen aren't that high either, so this phone will really appeal to those who demand great battery life. You can see our Moto X Play battery life examples below, but it was generally very easy to make it through a full day of use, except when doing serious gaming or streaming YouTube via Chromecast for long stretches.. The Moto X Play also comes with Motorola's turbo charger and can be fully charged in about two hours and. minutes, with up to eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. claims that the Moto X Play will make two days without a charge, but you'd have to be using it very lightly to get. During the Moto X Play review process I tested the battery under various conditions, which you can see in the table above. To kill the battery in eight hours requires serious use, but with moderate use, it wasn't uncommon to kill it within 15. On light days with occasional social media, email and always on Wi-Fi, the Moto X Play could manage around 23 hours without the use of battery saving mode.. Motorola Moto X Play technical specifications. 148 x 75 x 10.9 mm. 1920 x 1080 pixels (401 ppi). The Moto X Play is a solid, affordable choice for anyone who wants ;above average battery life and camera performance for a mid-range price. The phone itself is mid-range in terms of specs, but Motorola had to make some compromises to keep the price low. Unfortunately neither the camera nor the battery performed quite as well as Motorola said they would, but they are both still above average for the price.. If you currently have a Moto X (2014), the Moto X Play probably won't entice you as much as the Moto X Style will, but the Moto X Play will definitely appeal to a large segment of the smartphone audience.. There is increasingly stiff competition in this price range, however,. from the likes of the Asus Zenfone 2 and Huawei P8. The first offers fantastic value for money and the second more high-end specs (but a much smaller battery). The Moto X Play is a good phone, but the mono speaker is disappointing and despite increased resolution in the camera, it still doesn't produce the high-end results we expected.. Motorola Moto X Play - where to buy?. Buy now: Moto X Play from CA$399 from Motorola.ca. Buy now: Moto X Play from Motorola UK from £279. Buy now: Moto X Play from Amazon.co.uk from £270. My Moto X Play is just 7 months old and I'm facing an issue in making calls. It does not start the call duration once the person answers the call and they cannot hear me. Am using moto xplay for the last 3 months. Am facing heating issue while using 3g net only. And battery drains within 14 hrs with heavy net or camera usage.. Moto claims 30 hrs battery backup for xplay. Is this a common issue to all ? Do I get more battery than this..? Please help me moto users.... Support says it is "Beyond Economic Recovery" Do not Buy!!!! Please check this www.consumercomplaints.in/?search=moto-x-play. It is slightly resistant to drops and light rain. Not being fully waterproof is anyway understandable by looking at the specs. and if you want to buy it, then first go through this website www.consumercomplaints.in/?search=moto-x-play. thanks for sharing, but at least mine works flawlessly ... i also could not find to off the camera shutter option after upgrading to marshmallow. how to off camera shutter sound... i am facing problem with camera shutter sound. To do so, when using the camera app, you have to swipe right from the left border: a circle with different options appears. Move this circle up and you'll see a sound symbol. Just tap on it to switch off the sound. Another tap to reactivate it, and so on and so forth ^_^. Just bought my new motorola moto x play and can not wait for a NanoSIM to be delivered so I can swith it in on and start experience!. I've had my moto x play for two months now, and I love it. Battery life is awesome, compared to the moto razr I used for the past 4 years, which lasted 4 hours if that, with moderate to heavy use. I love the moto apps, which will apparently be removed with update to marshmallow. why update to something that gives me what " Google says is new" but I, and all moto x owners already have and enjoy. Google on tap? My x play is already listening, and learning my habits, the system is so intuitive, I am happy with how it runs. I will wait and read comments on how marshmallow works out for other x play owners, before considering upgrading to marshmallow. As far as heating up, I don't have that problem. If heating up was a real problem, the phone would reboot or act erratic, no signs of that either. Screen is beautiful, I don't need a quad hd phone, I think it's stupid to put that in a phone, unless for vr headset use.. My phone starts to heat up when i play a subway surfer for 10min....even when i simply listen to music....plz help....is it normal?? I'm worried about it...😢. From my experience with the phone, I think it's either not normal (check out for substitution) or it depends on your sensitivity to temperature (listening to music doesn't make it hot, not even if the music comes from a continuous 4g YouTube stream).. Writing to you from my Moto X Play. It's a beast of a phone, in all the good possible ways. The Screen On Time is around or more than 6h, but then you'll have to recharge it after one full day, otherwise I noticed a >4h SoT but a longer overall battery life span of 2 full days. Every time a ~10% of battery remains before I recharge, anyway. It means, you have a trade-off between SoT and overall life time. Remember that the so-called flagship phones out there offer something around 4h of SoT, but you have to recharge in less than a day. I tried hard but really found the (few) Motorola apps pre-installed to be of no use for me, so I disabled them all... Apart from the double-twist feature to shoot photos! It's amazingly useful. Other than these, the screen is bright and don't have to set to 100% brightness, not even in sunlight. The audio of course is another plus. As all the others, I was hoping to have double front-facing speakers, but then again, the single speaker on the X Play is more than sufficient to reproduce a clear and loud sound (keeping in mind, this is a smartphone and not your leaving room hi-fi stereo). The size is optimal for me. Coming from the 5.2inches of the LG G2, which is quite compact, I was worried to carry around a monster... But it turns out that I was wrong, and the size is quite balanced and portable, with a fantastic ergonomic design and the right weight/size ratio. Of course in low light conditions you might want to use a real camera or other better smartphone cameras, but it is not bad either, as in pubs or indoor shootings it performs quite decently. My daily use of ~1h music streamed from 4g and with Bluetooth headset on, ~1h of feeds reading, ~1 of browsing plus lot of Whatsapp, some photos or videos, some Google Maps navigation, some weather, etc. Battery is the main thing for me, other features like 1080p, support Android 5.x + future updates. Backcover design with choice of flip cover by Motorola and TurboCharge (Quick Charge 2.0) it's all my major needs. The price made it even more attractive. So I got the phone just a few days ago from Koodo, $35 CAD monthly unlimited evertying Canada wide + 1GB Data and a free Moto 360 Smartwatch. Initial fee only cost me $6 for the nanoSIM. About this article, a lot of people are too focus into what's "feels to be premium phone" I'll be honest, it's just a dam phone premium or not. I am happy that is not metal edge, so I can avoid tinks or dents. PVC Plastic is more flexible to absord impacts. I started to hate glass back phones especially iPhone 4 and Nexus 4 I had. It's slippery in winter with gloves and these glass back phones always need a case for them which add extra bulk. Moto X, i love those backcover and especially the one with rubber feels that clip right behind the back without adding bulk to the width and height of the phone. Battery life, coming from iPhone 4 and Nexus 4. They only last 2-3 hours of on screen usage. The battery wear level after 2 years is about 80% effectiveness. But regardless those 2 phones battery is shy of 2000mAh capacity. Moto X Play, so far with such a massive 3600+mAh battery. Light-moderate use on regular work day. Last charged 12 hrs ago and it is still sitting at 75% battery life when I got home.. Sick of waiting forever for updates on my G2. Would this or a nexus 6 be a good upgrade? I could wait for the 2015 nexus phones as well. I would touch it for free.. Your review conclusion about the camera makes absolutely NO sense. Under the bad is listed: Camera performance (you spelled it "peformance" btw) below expectations. Yet, in the body of the review the camera is generally praised with a few critical remarks. What kind of expectations should have one for a phone that costs $399 CA or $300 US?. I noticed exactly the same, the only "not good" thing in the body of the camera review is that it doesn't perform well in low light environment without the flash, but then again, what mobile camera does? None! Looks like the only thing is the mono speaker but only annoying teenagers use this feature for listening to music, for that I carry nice earbud headphones.. MWC 2018 live updates: Sony shakes up the Xperia XZ2 design. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Motorola Moto X Play. Motorola Moto X Play: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto X Play cuenta entre sus características destacadas con una pantalla 1080p de 5.5 pulgadas, procesador octa-core Snapdragon 615 a 1.7GHz, 2GB de RAM, 16GB o 32GB de almacenamiento expandible vía microSD, batería de 3630 mAh, cámara de 21 megapixels con flash LED dual, cámara frontal de 5 megapixels y corre Android 5.1 Lollipop.. Motorola Moto X Play Características principales. Android 5.1 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto X Play. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 10.9 mm. y un peso de 169 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto X Play tiene una pantalla de 5.5" con una resolución de 1080 x 1920 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto X Play encontramos un procesador Snapdragon 615 1.5GHz, acompañado de 2GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 16GB/32GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto X Play tiene una resolución de 21 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 3630 mAh. .El Motorola Moto X Play también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5.5", 1080 x 1920 pixels Procesador Snapdragon 615 1.5GHz 2GB RAM. 16GB/32GB, microSD Cámara: 21 MP. OS: Android 5.1 Perfil: 10.9 mm Peso: 169 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto X Play. basado en 11 experiencias. Gran batería (3630 mAh) Conectividad 4G LTE Resistente al agua y polvo Procesador octa-core Amplia memoria RAM (2GB) Buena densidad de pixels (401ppi). Motorola Moto X Play características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto X Play. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto X Play. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 28). 148 x 75 x 8.9~10.9 mm. LCD TFT, touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Resistente al polvo y agua. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 16GB/32GB memoria interna, 2GB RAM. - Procesador octa-core Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615 1.7 GHz, GPU Adreno 405. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS. 21 MP, 5248 x 3936, autofocus, flash LED dual (tono dual), foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 1080p@30fps; cámara frontal 5 MP. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct; banda dual. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. Funciones clave Motorola Moto X Play. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto X Play. Hay 435 opiniones del Motorola Moto X Play .. Hola a todos tengo un Motorola x play y no lee la tarjeta micro SD alguien sabrá una solución por favor soy de Monterrey nuevo León. El moto x play no cuenta con giroscopio. A mí me pasa lo mismo de vez en cuando , se queda sin cargar y solo se enciende una pequeña luz LED, pero lo dejo desconectado un par de horas , lo conecto en otro tomacorriente y empieza a cargar, al parecer es un problema del modelo , lo que yo hago es no dejar q llegue a apagarse , es decir cuando está en 10 o 5% lo conecto y ahí sí carga normal. Mi moto x play no Lee la micro SD es como si no le hubiera insertado una memoria sd. Tengo un moto x Play pero cada que inicio una llamada y al escuchar un mensaje de voz por watsap mi pantalla se apaga que puedo hacer para que no haga esto?? Alguien podría ayudarme gracias. Al igual que a varios mi motorola xplay dejo de cargar de un dia para otro y no ha vuelto a cargar ya lo lleve con el servicio tecnico y me dicen que no es el centro de carga que es un problema que tiene ese modelo me recomendo que lo cargara con un cargador inalambrico pero hasta donde se no se puede cargar de esa manera hay alguien que ya lo haya intentado?. mi moto xplay hay veces que dura dos dias sin cargar se queda en 1 porciento ya cambie su cargador y es el original y sigue la misma falla de repente vuelve a cargar y bien hoy ya de plano solo se le quedo una luz led encendida si alguien le paso esto y lo soluciono le agradeceria pase el tip o la solucion gracias saludos desde mexicali mexico. mi moto xplay hay veces que dura dos dias sin cargar se queda en 1 porciento ya cambie su cargador y es el original y sigue la misma falla de repente vuelve a cargar y bien hoy ya de plano solo se le quedo una luz led encendida si alguien le paso esto y lo soluciono le agradeceria pase el tip o la solucion gracias saludos desde mexicali mexico. Muy buen equipo buena cámara,buena batería yeso recontra veloz, ya es hora de que lancen la actualización de Android nougat.. mi moto x play no carga reconoce el cargador y todo, después de esto deje de usarlo 2 semanas y volvió a cargar durante 2 días después de esto volvió a lo mismo, ya cambie la batería y el centro de carga aun así no funciona alguien que me pueda decir que tiene escuche algo sobre calibrar la batería o alguna solución por favor. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto X Play - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 435. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto X Play. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto X Play. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto X Play a otros usuarios. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Find it, buy it and tell us how you really feel.. A good product that falls short of greatness.. A good product that falls short of greatness.. The Engadget Score is a unique ranking of products based on extensive independent research and analysis by our expert editorial and research teams. The Global Score is arrived at only after curating hundreds, sometimes thousands of weighted data points (such as critic and user reviews).. The Moto X Play seems built for one thing. It can't compete with other devices on specs, but it will last you two days on a single charge.If you prioritize battery life over everything, it's definitely worth considering.. Questionable value when compared to other Moto phones. Camera is still poor in low light. Not waterproof like the Moto G. I've had this phone for over 48 hours now and i can safely say that it has performed... I used to be a fan of Motorola phones, and thought they were an industry leader.... Moto G5 and G5 Plus | Review. Motorola Moto Z and Z Force Droid Edition Mini Review. Motorola Moto G4 and G4 Plus Mini Review. Review: Motorola Moto Z and Z Force (Droid Edition). Review: Motorola Moto G4 & G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z Force Hands-on. Early Look at the Moto G4 Plus. Droid Turbo 2 & Maxx 2 Hands-On. Hands-on with the New Moto 360s. A US Paralympian designed Team USA's snowboard prosthetics. How Mike Schultz went from pro snowmobiler to Paralympic athlete.. Motorola's 2018 lineup may include an iPhone X lookalike. 5G and AI might also play important roles.. The Moto Z's keyboard mod feels like an imperfect blast from the past. Get ready to relive the Droid days, for better or worse.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Current : Android 6.0.1 "Marshmallow" (For Droid Maxx 2). Android 7.1.1 Nougat (For Moto X Play). Qualcomm Snapdragon 615. 2 GB LPDDR3 RAM. microSDXC up to 128 GB. 5.5" (140 mm) 1080 × 1920 pixel (403. MP Sony Exmor IMX230, f/2.0 aperture , dual CCT flash, 1080p video recording @ 30 fps , slow motion. Europe, [12] Australia, [13] India [14]. Canada, [15] Brazil [16] and most Latin American carriers. Original : Android 5.1.1 "Lollipop". Moto X Play is an Android smartphone developed by Motorola Mobility , a division of Lenovo. Unveiled on July 28, 2015, it is one of three devices that succeeded the second-generation Moto X. In contrast to the high-end Moto X Style phablet , the Play is intended as a mid-range device distinguished by its large battery.. It was released in Canada, Europe, and Latin America in August 2015. [1] In the United States, it is exclusive to Verizon Wireless under the name Droid Maxx 2 , as unveiled in October 2015 [2] as part of the Droid line of smartphones that are exclusively manufactured by Motorola. The Moto X Play's chassis features a faux metallic bezel and a textured rear cover, and is splash-resistant. The rear cover can be removed and replaced with differently-colored versions to customize the phone; no other user-replaceable parts are present under the cover, as the device's battery is non-removable, and the SIM and MicroSD card tray are located on the top.. It is powered by an 1.7. GHz [4] octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 system-on-chip with 2. GB of RAM, and features a 5.5-inch 1080p IPS LCD display. Moto X Play is available with either 16 or 32. GB of internal storage, expandable via MicroSD card. The Moto X Play includes a non-replaceable 3630. mAh battery, which Motorola rated as providing 48 hours of mixed usage on a single charge. [5] It also features a 21-megapixel rear-facing camera with Back-LED flash, [6] and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with wide-angle lens. The Moto X Play shipped with Android 5.1.1 "Lollipop" , customized with Motorola's suite of apps including Moto Display, Moto Voice, and Moto Assist. [8] In January 2016, Motorola began to release an update to Android 6.0 "Marshmallow". [9] It enables new features such as " Google Now on Tap ", which allows users to perform searches within the context of information currently being displayed on-screen, and "Doze", which optimizes battery usage when the device is not being physically handled. [10] In 2017, Motorola released a update to Android 7.1.1 Nougat only for Moto X Play. This new update will be released for Droid Maxx 2 soon.. The Moto X Play has several variants to support 3G and 4G networks of different carriers:. All variants support the four 2G GSM bands 850/900/1800/1900.. ^ "Motorola unveils new Moto X Style, Moto X Play, and Moto G smartphones". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ "Verizon's Droid Maxx 2 is a Moto X Play for the US". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ "Motorola now exclusive Droid partner to Verizon". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ a b "Moto X Play review: An unexciting phone with a huge battery". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ "Crowd Pleaser: Motorola Moto X Play review". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ "Moto X Play review". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ "Motorola Moto X Play review: a decent performer for a bit less". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ "Moto X Play Now Receiving Android 6.0 Marshmallow Update in India". Retrieved 9 June 2016. ^ "Android 6.0 Marshmallow, thoroughly reviewed". Retrieved October 6, 2015. ^ Motorola Moto X Play Get Certified In China , Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China. Android phablets and tablet computers. Motorola phones and smartphones by series. ROKR (E, EM, W, Z, ZN). Talkabout (T180, T190, T191). Categories : Android (operating system) devices Motorola mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Touchscreen mobile phones. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 8 February 2018, at 22:27. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
MOTOROLA and the Stylized M Logo are registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC.. Android, Google, Google Play, Nexus and other marks are trademarks of Google Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License.. ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY: Motorola uses cookies on this site. Some are essential but we set others based on Privacy settings you choose. Skipping this step implies that you accept our default settings.. Android is a trademark of Google LLC; Oreo is a trademark of Mondelez International, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Compare Mobiles Motorola Moto X Play vs Motorola Moto X (Gen 2). Motorola Moto X Play vs Motorola Moto X (Gen 2) comparison. ratings Overall NDTV Rating - - Design Rating - - Display Rating - - Software Rating - - Performance Rating - - Camera Rating - - general Alternate names - XT1092 - - Release date July 2015 September 2014 - - Form factor Touchscreen Touchscreen - - Dimensions (mm) 148.00 x 75.00 x 10.90 140.80 x 72.40 x 9.97 - - Weight (g) 169.00 144.00 - - Battery capacity (mAh) 3630 2300 - - Removable battery No No - - Colours - White, Black - - display Screen size (inches) 5.50 5.20 - - Touchscreen Yes Yes - - Resolution 1080x1920 pixels 1080x1920 pixels - - Pixels per inch (PPI) 403 423 - - hardware Processor 1.7GHz octa-core 2.5GHz quad-core - - Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 - - RAM 2GB 2GB - - Internal storage 16GB 16GB - - Expandable storage Yes No - - Expandable storage type microSD - - - Expandable storage up to (GB) 128 - - - camera Rear camera 21-megapixel 13-megapixel - - Front camera 5-megapixel 2-megapixel - - software Operating System Android 5.1.1 Android 4.4.4 - - connectivity Wi-Fi Yes Yes - - Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac - - GPS Yes Yes - - Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 Yes, v 4.00 - - NFC Yes Yes - - Infrared No No - - Headphones 3.5mm 3.5mm - - FM Yes No - - Number of SIMs 2 1 - - sim1 SIM Type Nano-SIM Nano-SIM - - GSM/CDMA GSM GSM - - 3G Yes Yes - - 4G/LTE Yes Yes - - sim2 SIM Type Nano-SIM - - - GSM/CDMA GSM - - - 3G Yes - - - 4G/LTE Yes - - - sensors Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Yes - - Proximity sensor Yes Yes - - Accelerometer Yes Yes - - Ambient light sensor Yes Yes - - Gyroscope No Yes - - Barometer No No - - Temperature sensor No No - -. Compare Motorola Moto X Play vs. Compare Motorola Moto X Play vs. Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo vs. Compare Zopo Hero 1 vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 vs. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Compare Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto X Force vs. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Compare Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Compare Motorola Moto X Play vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 vs. Compare Motorola Moto E4 Plus vs. Compare Leeco Le 2 Pro vs. Sony Xperia M5 Dual vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 4g comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 comparison. Samsung Galaxy On Max vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Max vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime comparison. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services. Sony Xperia Ear Duo Launched at MWC 2018, Takes on Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 HDR Displays Launched at MWC 2018: Specifications, Features. Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launch Date Is March 27. Huawei MateBook X Pro Laptop, MediaPad M5 Tablet, Balong 5G01 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India. ZTE Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita, Tempo Go Launched at MWC 2018: Price, Specifications, Features. Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung mobiles price in India Lyf mobiles price in India Micromax mobiles price in India Sony mobiles price in India Htc mobiles price in India Lenovo mobiles price in India Intex mobiles price in India Lava mobiles price in India Apple mobiles price in India Nokia mobiles price in India Xolo mobiles price in India Lg mobiles price in India Vivo mobiles price in India Oppo mobiles price in India Gionee mobiles price in India Motorola mobiles price in India Blackberry mobiles price in India Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Motorola Moto X Play Cases and Accessories. Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. The Motorola Moto X Play is great for people who are always on the go. It has a long battery life, a waterproof interior, and terrific camera. It's important to protect your phone no matter where life takes you, which is why you need a high-quality cell phone case. You also want your Motorola Moto X Play to keep working on all your adventures, so getting a set of affordable accessories also makes sense. CellPhoneCases.com offers both in one easy-to-shop website. Scroll down right now to view our wide selection of Motorola Moto X Play hard cases, soft cases, waterproof pouches, hybrid cases, screen protectors, charging cables, data and auxiliary cables, external battery packs, power banks, car mounts, Bluetooth devices, and handsfree devices. As if our high-quality items and low prices weren't enough, we also offer free shipping on everything we sell! Don't delay  shop today!. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - White for Motorola Moto X Play. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto X Play. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for Motorola Moto X Play. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for Motorola Moto X Play. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for Motorola Moto X Play. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for Motorola Moto X Play. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for Motorola Moto X Play. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for Motorola Moto X Play. Hot Pink Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for Motorola Moto X Play. Mint Green Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for Motorola Moto X Play. Purple Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for Motorola Moto X Play. Red Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for Motorola Moto X Play. White Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for Motorola Moto X Play. Yellow Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) White for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Posh Genuine Real Leather Premium Luxury MyJacket Wallet Case with Strap for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Green for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Orange for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Pink for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Yellow for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Crocodile Genuine Real Leather MyJacket Wallet Case Flap Phone Pouch for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet 3.1A Dual USB Port Car Charger with Extended 5ft Cable Cable for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet 5V / 25Watt (5.1Amp) 4-Port Fast Rapid Charge USB Desktop Charging Station Travel Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat White for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Fast Car Charger for Motorola Moto X Play. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - White for Motorola Moto X Play. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Gray for Motorola Moto X Play. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Green for Motorola Moto X Play. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - White / Gray for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Retractable 3.5mm Stereo In-Ear Headphones Earbuds Compact - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - White for Motorola Moto X Play. 2X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto X Play. 3X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto X Play. 4X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto X Play. 5X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto X Play. 6X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet 10 Watt/2.1 Amp Dual USB Fast Charging Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Home Travel Wall Charger USB Port - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Car Charger with 2 USB Ports and 1 Car Socket Lighter Adapter White/Gold for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet High Powered Dual USB Port 10Watt (2.1Amp) Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Low Profile 5Watt (1Amp) USB Car Charger - Purple for Motorola Moto X Play. 2-port White Round Earphone Splitter with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Rotating Display Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Wrap Clip for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Universal Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Universal Phone Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Universal Premium Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto X Play. Blue Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Universal Tablet & Phone CD Slot Mount for Motorola Moto X Play. Pink Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto X Play. Red Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto X Play. Silver Mobile Speakers for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset with Neckband Earbuds for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Clock for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Lemon for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Skull for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Mini Phone Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Bowknot Mirror for Motorola Moto X Play. White International Adaptor All-In-One Wall Plug for Motorola Moto X Play. Windshield Car Holder Black Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto X Play. Windshield Car Holder White Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Bluetooth Portable Speaker for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Charging Receiver for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto X Play. Blue Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto X Play. Gold Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto X Play. Hot Pink Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto X Play. Silver Dual Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Red for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case White for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Orange for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder with 360 Degree Rotation & Tightening Knob for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Durable Car Air Vent Smartphone Holder Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - White for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Car Dashboard Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Heavy Duty 360 Degree Swivel Belt Clip Holder Holster Attachment Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Heavy Duty All Weather Bicycle Smartphone Pouch Safe Holder Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Heavy Duty Magnetic Car Phone Mount Holder Attachment for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Smartphone and Tablet Desktop Novelty Office Premium Stand Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Smartphone Durable Bike Bicycle Phone Mount Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Sticky Pad Car Dashboard Windshield Cell Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Windshield Car Holder Smart Phone Mount with Large Suction Cup for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear Black Non-Slip Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Extra Strength Adhesive Multipurpose Mounting Disk Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. Quick Charge Fast Rapid USB Wall Home Travel Charger QC 3.0 Phones Tablets for Motorola Moto X Play. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. Super Duty Premium Quick Rapid QC 3.0 Car Charger for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Acu Camouflage for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Camouflage for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Camouflage for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Digital for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Camouflage for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Digital for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Khaki for Motorola Moto X Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Python for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Silver for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Space Gray for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Orange for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Pink for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Gold Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Hot Pink Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. White Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Black 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Rose Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Silver 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Car CD Slot Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap CD Slot Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Gold for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Silver for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - White for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet 2-Port 4000mAh Portable Charger Power Bank With Suction Cup - White for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - White for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Green for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Pink for Motorola Moto X Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - White for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Genuine Leather Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Pink Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. White Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Rose Gold Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Cellet White Stylus Pen with Laser, LED Light & Ballpoint Pen 4 in 1 for Motorola Moto X Play. 360 Degree Rotating Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. 360 Degree Rotating Windshield Car Mount Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Sticky Pad Dashboard Car Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Universal Dashboard Stand Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Windshield Desktop Car Mount Clamp Phone Holder for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Gold for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Green for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Purple for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Red for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Silver for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Yellow for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Blue for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Green for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Purple for Motorola Moto X Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Yellow for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. White Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto X Play. Apple Green Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto X Play. Blue Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto X Play. Hot Pink Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto X Play. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto X Play. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Bicycle Bike Mount Holder Universal Handle Bar Clip GPS Phone for Motorola Moto X Play. Red Black Car Air Vent Holder Mount Cradle Stand Universal for Motorola Moto X Play. Black Universal One Touch U Stand Kickstand Accessory Add-On Sticky for Motorola Moto X Play. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. In search of pixel perfection with the Analogue Super NT. Smart Fortwo EV Cabrio is the tiny car for the big city. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. Lenovo recalls some Thinkpad X1 laptops due to overheating risks. Lenovo’s fingerprint manager left passwords vulnerable. Intel told Chinese firms of Meltdown flaws before the US government. Moto X Play review: An unexciting phone with a huge battery. The Moto X Play occupies a strange space in the company's 2015 lineup. It's an affordable, mid-range handset that does a decent job of keeping pace with the flagships. But at £249 ($382 including the UK's 20 percent sales tax), it's not that much more affordable than the company's top-tier X Style , and it's a lot pricier than our favorite budget smartphone , the Moto G. That's not to say there aren't benefits to splashing out on the X Play. You'll get a larger, higher-res display than on the G, an all-new 21-megapixel camera, a capacious 3,630mAh battery and a whole lot more. If you've got your heart set on a Moto, could these additions be worth the extra cash? It really depends on what you want from a smartphone.. Gallery: Moto X Play | 17 Photos. Questionable value when compared to other Moto phones. Camera is still poor in low light. Not waterproof like the Moto G. The Moto X Play seems built for one thing. It can't compete with other devices on specs, but it will last you two days on a single charge.If you prioritize battery life over everything, it's definitely worth considering.. Hardware This is the least attractive iteration on the Moto X theme. Display and sound Software Motorola's additions are moderately useful, but easy to ignore. The OnePlus 2 has already proven that you can get a lot of phone for a few hundred dollars. In the case of the X Play, however, you're not getting cutting-edge specs. Inside, there's an octa-core Snapdragon 615 processor paired with 2GB of RAM, and a choice of 16GB or 32GB of built-in storage, expandable by microSD. Of course, there are plus sides to these mid-range specs, especially when you consider the battery size. Design wise, Motorola clearly knows it was onto a good thing with the original Moto X, as it's continued to play with that striking profile ever since. Unfortunately, the X Play is actually the least attractive iteration of this theme. Up front, everything's pretty much as you'd expect: an expansive, 5.5-inch 1080p display with fairly thin bezels. But there's a lack of attention to detail here.. Take the cutouts for the speakers that are above and below the screen, respectively, as an example. Vertically, they're poorly aligned, with the lower slot centered, but the upper one placed high above the display. It makes the phone look oddly imbalanced, especially as they're the same size and neatly horizontally aligned. This is exacerbated by the haphazardly positioned front-facing camera and light sensor, which again just seem to have been placed without a care in the world. While I'm aware that most people won't know why it looks odd, a straw poll of friends and family showed that most thought "something was off.". The X Play is wrapped in a cheap-but-sturdy metallic plastic that curves around from its sides to the rounded back casing, accented by Moto's familiar camera unit, complete with dimpled "M" logo. On the right side of the phone are the only two buttons you're getting: a power and volume rocker -- as on all of Motorola's phones, you won't find a dedicated camera key. Unlike the cheaper Moto G, there's no waterproofing here. Instead, the X Play is "water resistant," which means it will survive a splash, but not a fall into your toilet.. The back of the phone is a pleasant soft-touch plastic with a grippy pattern. I strongly dislike the ergonomics of large phones, but it has to be said that this feels like it'd be very hard to drop. Although you can take off the backing, the battery is non-removable, and the combined SIM/microSD slot is actually atop the device next to the headphone port. So, rather than being functional, the swappable backs are for aesthetic reasons. Useful if you get tired of whatever garish color scheme you've invented for yourself in the company's Moto Maker customization tool, I suppose.. I know I'm harping on about the design a little, but the cheap plastic wrapping around the sides really doesn't scream premium, and looks at odds with the device's curved back. As on the front of the device, Motorola doesn't appear to have put much thought into the finer details, the lines and how they flow into one another. It's weird because Motorola did a good job with the Moto G of creating a premium-feeling device on the cheap. Sure, the more-expensive X Style has its own interesting design flourishes, but perhaps because of budget constraints, the X Style pulls it off, and the X Play does not.. With smartphone displays fast-approaching 4K resolutions, the X Play's 5.5-inch 1080p screen might not seem anything special. It's more than up to the task, though.. Motorola has switched to IPS display tech this year, which would usually mean that colors don't have that AMOLED punch that last year's X does, but the company has implemented a software trick to combat that. By default, the display is set to "vivid," which does a decent job of boosting saturation, if that's your thing. I quickly switched to "natural," which makes things look far less gaudy.. Unsurprisingly for an IPS display, viewing angles are top-notch, and the screen is also super bright and readable even in direct sunlight. For some reason adaptive brightness was switched off out of the box, and I had to dig through the settings to turn it on. All told there's nothing spectacular about the X Play's display, but there's also very little to complain about.. The same can't be said for audio quality. Despite their appearance, those misaligned slots don't actually house matching dual speakers. Up top there's a standard speaker for calls, while down below is a loudspeaker. It's by no means the worst I've heard, but it's a little on the tinny side, especially if you're coming from one of HTC's or Samsung's phones. Not having stereo sound feels like an unnecessary corner to cut and something that would've set apart the X Play from the cheaper G. Think about it: If you're watching movies or playing games, do you want all the sounds coming from one side of the display?. As we've come to expect from Motorola, the X Play offers an uncluttered take on Android 5.1.1, with little in the way of additions. The few changes it brings are fairly useful.. Moto Display is probably my favorite. Whenever a notification comes in, a small icon appears on an otherwise black display. Holding your finger on that icon gives you more information, and you can swipe up from there to jump straight in to the relevant application. That's cool, but what's cooler is you can bring up this functionality just by moving the phone slightly. I've gotten quite used to giving the phone a little nudge as it sits on my desk to see what's waiting for me inside. The downside to that is there's no notification LED. For me, the additional context Moto Display offers is worth the trade-off, but it might not be for you.. Next up is Moto Assist, which automatically adjusts settings in exchange for a little information. Tell it when you sleep, for example, or give it access to your calendar, and it'll turn off notifications at the appropriate times. Also included is Moto Voice, which listens out for a key phrase at all times (mine was, "What's up Moto X?") to activate a little voice assistant that'll let you place calls or ask various questions. I spend my life trying to speak as little as possible, so it's really not the ideal feature for me, but if you enjoy talking to inanimate objects, it's accurate enough.. Way down at the bottom of the usefulness list is Motorola's "Actions" gesture. It'll let you do things like jump straight into the camera app by contorting your wrists twice in quick succession. Quite why you'd do that when swiping left on the lock screen or clicking on an icon achieves the same thing, I'm not sure.. I'm fairly cynical about new things, and there's every chance you'll find Motorola's extras useful, especially if you've grown accustomed to waving your phone around to do things with a previous-gen Moto X. One great thing about the additions, though, is how easy they are to ignore. Every bell and whistle can be deactivated in the "Moto" app, after which you're just left with, well, Android. On a more positive note, Motorola has a great track record when it comes to updating its phones, so if you're anxiously waiting for Android M, this is likely to be one of the first non-Nexus devices to make the jump.. If there's one thing that Motorola has struggled with in its renaissance, it's been cameras: From the original Moto X all the way up to the Nexus 6, owners have had to make do with subpar image quality. This time around, the company has fitted the X Play with a 21-megapixel shooter, and things are much improved.. The software experience is similar to any stock Android phone, which is to say you just tap on the screen to take a photo. That means it's super quick to boot up, even from the lock screen, and takes photos in the blink of an eye. The spartan layout is great for beginners, and there's an HDR setting and a focus and exposure tool for those looking to get a little more creative with their shots.. Gallery: Moto X Play camera samples | 12 Photos. Passable, but nowhere near the best. Performance and battery life The competition Wrap-up. Provided you've got a well-lit subject, you're going to get great photos. Colors are accurate without being dull or gaudy; exposure is spot-on; and the software does a good job at white balancing. I'm the sort of person who shoots manual on regular cameras, so I thought I'd miss the advanced settings found on other manufacturers' phones, but it really wasn't an issue.. Although it has the same-sized sensor as the Moto X Style, there's a party-trick that the X Play is missing: 4K video. The two phones have different image-processing chips inside, which means that the X Play tops out at 1080p. Because of that chip, the phone also seems a little slower to focus than the X Style. In practice, I didn't find the X Play's focusing either slow or inaccurate, but from testing them side by side at Motorola's launch event I can say the X Style is a little quicker at everything.. One area that pretty much no smartphone excels in is low-light photography, and sadly that's the case again here. It's still a marked improvement over previous Motos, but that's not saying a lot. Unless you have a super-steady hand and a still subject, you're not going to be winning any night photography prizes with the X Play. In fact, it's worse in low light than all of the competition's mid-to-high-end phones. The problem seems to be a combination of poor ISO performance and long, long shutter speeds. That means that not only are your photos going to be full of noise, but also anything that's not still will be blurry.. Qualcomm's octa-core (four cores at 1.7Ghz, four at 1GHz) Snapdragon 615 processor might not be the fastest chip on the block, and plenty of phones offer more than 2GB of RAM, but truth be told, the Moto X Play never struggled to keep pace with my daily routine. We've reached a point where less expensive phones don't slow down or stutter in regular use. Sure, the Galaxy S6 or HTC One M9 will load up your apps a little faster and play graphically intensive games at a smoother frame rate, but that's really the difference we're down to now. My unit came with 16GB of storage, of which 10.9GB was addressable. (There's also a 32GB model available.) Unlike certain other Android manufacturers, Motorola is still giving users the option to expand that storage. The company saved space by having just a single tray house the SIM and microSD, so you won't be able to swap cards without losing cell signal, but it's still a useful addition.. In the US, the X Play looks set to be called the Droid Maxx 2. If you know your phones, you'll know that nomenclature implies this phone is built to last all day. It's got a colossal 3,630mAh battery, which, when paired with those middling specs, meant the X Play reached 14 hours and 50 minutes in our video playback test. Motorola says in the real world the X Play gives you "up to 48 hours" of "mixed use," and it did just that. In fact, you might get even longer.. Twice now the X Play has seen me through two full days' use with more than 20 percent left in the tank. A "full day's use," to me, means syncing emails; streaming a few songs on Spotify; watching some YouTube videos; and incessantly checking Engadget, Twitter and the various messaging apps I use.. I'm neither the heaviest nor lightest smartphone user, then, but I did try and put the X Play through its paces. One day I synced all three of my email accounts, streamed music over LTE for over four hours, spent three hours using the hotspot function for my MacBook, played games for two hours, watched Netflix over WiFi for an hour and placed a 30-minute Skype call. That's all in addition to my regular routine. I finished the day, 16 hours later, with 31 percent battery left. I test a lot of phones, and I have to tip my hat to the X Play's endurance.. It may seem a little overpriced and under-specced compared to cheap Chinese phones like the OnePlus 2 and ZTE Axon , but being able to use the X Play all day without worrying about it dying is kinda priceless. That said, if, like me, you're not a super-heavy user, the OnePlus 2 will easily see you through the day without a charger. Sony's also done a great job with battery life in recent years, and its mid-range handsets are worth a look.. The real competition lies within Motorola's own ranks, though. The Moto G is such a good phone, and in my opinion a more attractive one to boot. It should last you roughly a day's use -- more if you're frugal -- and you'll save a ton of money (it's over $100 cheaper in the UK). The main compromise is the camera, which struggles to keep pace with the X Play's.. And then there's the Moto X Style. It's got a super-fast processor, more RAM, a truly gorgeous 2K display and the same camera, but with phase-detection autofocus. It costs £100 more than the X Play in the UK, or $399 unlocked in the US, and you're getting a lot of extra phone for that. Of course, we've yet to put it through its paces for battery life, but chances are you won't be getting two full days' use out of it.. Once you take the epic battery life into consideration, the X Play starts to make a little more sense. You get a lot of the benefits of Motorola's flagship; you save a little money; and you never need to carry your charger with you again. Even so, I can't help but feel that most people would be happy with the budget Moto G. And those looking for something better than that will probably gravitate toward the Moto X Style or any of the latest wave of "cheap" flagships. But although the X Play is still not the most exciting phone, it's a very capable one, and I can't knock Motorola for giving Android users more options.. Update: This review has been updated to clarify the difference between the Moto X Play and X Style's image processors. The update has not affected the review score or our opinion of the phone.. lenovo , mobilepostcross , Motorola , motox , motoxplay , review , uk-reviews. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Motorola Motorola Moto X Play. Motorola Moto X Play Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Your Perfect Partner! After a long time leap Motorola putted his step further into Smartphone and launched Moto X Play recently. This phone can be you ... GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 / 2100 - XT1562. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600),. 8(900), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 41(2500) - XT1562. 148 x 75 x 10.9 mm (5.83 x 2.95 x 0.43 in). Optional Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - Water repellant nano-coating (IP52 certified). 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density). Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0. 21 MP, 5248 x 3936, autofocus, dual-LED (dual. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama,. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email,. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Motorola Moto X Play this is the good smartphone which has the faster speed of the RAM and the amazing collection of the aps what we really need in it. There has the many type of bets mobile phone of this brand of Motorola moto x play that is the only brand that give the best models with the best things in just affordable price. Yes i want sale moto x play. moto x play AGR kesi ne sail krna ho to mujh se rabta kre 03017206979. I want to buy Motorola x play plz connect me.03447332196. Matrolla x play kis ne sail krna ha Maine Lena ha 15 June se phaly phaly my contact number 03408535456. Motorola Moto X Play Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Your Perfect Partner! After a long time leap Motorola putted his step further into Smartphone and launched Moto X Play recently. This phone can be your perfect fun time partner according to its specifications device offers 5.5 inches Full HD 1080 pixel resolutions display screen covered with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Phone requires Dual Nano SIM integration. Motorola Moto X Play is equipped with 21 megapixels camera at back that offers rapid color adjusting flash focus for stunning photo clarity and front camera of 5 megapixels. Device camera other features are Quick capture, Slow motion Video, 4X digital zoom, burst mode, night mode, auto HDR, and Panorama. This device provides internal storage space of 16/32 GB along with maximum RAM memory of 2 GB. It also offers external storage space of 128 GB through microSD card. This Motorola Moto X Play contains processor platform of Quad Core with frequency of 1.7 GHz/1.0GHz Cortex A53 with integrated chipset Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615. Phone runs smartly on Android OS v.5.1.1 (Lollipop). Device provides communication of WLAN, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC and USB. Phone is available in Black and White color. It has browsing facility of HTML5. Phone provides all network technology of GSM/HSPA/LTE. It offers fast battery charging capacity of 3630 mAh that lasts for 48 hours. Motorola Moto X Play Price in Pakistan is market competitive for the users.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. 360 Rotate Leather Case For .. UE ROLL Mobile Bluetooth Sp .. BL-54SG - Battery For LG - .. HB4242B4EBW - Battery For H .. Powercore - Power Bank - 20 .. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto X Play Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. Motorola Moto X Play (16 GB). 7.7 Expert Score 4.2 51893 Ratings 15 Questions & Answers. Motorola Moto X Play is a smartphone that runs Android 5.1.1 Lollipop OS. It sports a 5.5-inch TFT capacitive touch screen with full HD resolution. the latest variants of this phone. It features a 21 MP camera with dual-LED flash and a 5 MP front-facing camera. The phone is powered by a Snapdragon 615 processor. The handset has 2GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and Micro USB. The device has a 3630 mAh battery.. Best Price: ₹ 12,490. Key Specifications Snapdragon 615 processor 2GB RAM 16GB internal storage 3630 mAh battery 21 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano-SIM) Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop). Motorola Moto X Play Price in India. Motorola Moto X Play Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto X Play is at Amazon. Moto X Play is not available in other online stores. This phone is available in 16 GB, 32 GB storage variants.. Motorola Moto X Play: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff IP52 certified water-repellent nano-coating Excellent Full-HD display Faster focusing and high resolution 21MP images from the primary camera Huge 3,630 mAh battery Sufficient processing power from Snapdragon 615 Moto devices are known for receiving faster software updates Bad Stuff Laggy animations through the UI and while multitasking Does not feature any extra features on top of stock Android OS. Motorola Moto X Play is one of the two variants in the newest generation of Moto X phones. The device is the mid-range version of the Motorola Moto X Style. The device comes in similar size and form factor but has mid-range internal hardware.. The device sports a 5.5-inch display having a full HD (1920x1080 pixels) screen resolution. The phone has an impressive 74% screen to body ratio and has a pixel density of 403 PPI. Though the phone flaunts an impressive display resolution, most devices in the price bracket now sport QHD displays. The display comes with a dose of Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection to ensure longevity of the device.. A Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 chipset sits at the heart of the smartphone compared to the 808 chipset in the Moto X Style. The chipset comes with two quad-core Cortex-A53 processors, each having a clock speed of 1GHz and 1.7GHz. The processor comes with 2GB of RAM along with an Adreno 405 GPU. The combination ensures that the device runs flawlessly through most situations.. The device is available in two colour options black and white and ships with Android 5.1.1 Lollipop out of the box. The device, like the Nexus phones is likely to be one of the first devices to get any further updates like the upcoming Android M update.. The smartphone comes with a 21-megapixel primary camera which comes with dual-LED flash to ensure that most colours are captured naturally. A 5-megapixel front shooter is also present on the smartphone.. All the usual connectivity options are available on the smartphone such as Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, GPS and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device comes with 4G LTE support enabling high speed data connectivity. The smartphone packs a monstrous 3630 mAh non-removable battery enabling the phone to last an incredibly long time.. Motorola Moto X Play Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 403 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Screen to body percentage 74.4 % Design and Build Dimensions (5.8 x 2.9 x 0.4 inches) Weight 169 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash No Primary 21 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video 1080p(HD)@30fps Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 128 GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3630 mAh Turbo Charge No Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with dual-band, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 615 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 1.7 GHz (Quad Core) + 1.0 GHz (Quad Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8939 GPU Adreno 405 Sensors Proximity No Accelerometer No Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Jio sim supported in it ?. Yes, One of the best part of the Moto X Play is that it has both slots as LTE. So you need to insert Jio SIM in slot 1 and another SIM in slot 2. If you turn the data of SIM 2 ON, Jio will disconnect from LTE and the signals will go. Thus, even to call, you need to put the data on first SIM i.e., Jio. You can although turn Off the data but SIM preference has to be SIM 1.. Not tried But I am sure it will (bcz it has LTE settings in it). No need to install Jio calling...... Yes, obviously it supports Jio sim.. Does it have direct calling option on jio or we need to call by jio app?. Every cellphone which is VoLTE (voice through LTE) enabled works without JioVoice app.. Jio 4G call app is only for those phones which don't have VoLTE enabled feature.. And yes, X play works without Jio voice app as it supports VoLTE option.. Yes, you can call directly through the Jio by updating the software. Software update option is available in the phone itself and you don't need to download software from any other source.. If it is upgraded to 6.0.1, the VoLTE feature supports automatically and then it doesn't require Jio4GVoice call app.. Though it has VoLTE enabled feature you could call directly, you don't need to use any app for calling or texting.. Direct calling option is available in Moto X Play for Jio. So, no need to call via Jio apps.. Which android version is in this phone, is it lollipop 5.1.1 or 6.1(Marshmallow), and is it upgradeable?. When I bought, it had 5.1.1 which I guess is the best Android which suits this device. Yeah, the device is upgradeable, and I did it too, but I recommend retaining the original 5.1.1 which comes with the device. But nowadays I have seen it come with 6.0.1 which is a bit ironic as the device hardware is not suited for the same.. It comes with android 5.1.1 lollipop and it's upgradeable to 6.0.1 marshmallow.. It supports lollipop and it can be upgraded to Marshmallow.. It is Lollipop version which is upgradable to Marshmallow.. Marshmallow 6.1, and I hope nougat update will come soon.. Is it water resistant? How good is its water resistant?. There is difference between water proof and water resistant. Water proof is that your phone is completely safe from water.......but water resistant is only for small quantity of water... Like sometimes water falls on your phone , sometime it becomes wet...by raining or other,,,,,,,,,. Frankly, haven't thrown it into water much but it has handled water spilling really well. So I can say it resists water well.. Yes, this phone is water resistance. You can keep it inside depth of 1 meter water for 1/2 hr.. Yes, it resists water upto some extent, like from splashes or sudden drop and out in bucket.. it is not perffectly water resistant but it is water reflant. Does it come with turbo charging ?. It has 2 versions, 1 with and 1 without turbo charger which was 1k extra when I bought it but it's completely worth. Takes around 2 hours to charge completely in turbo speed which is actually Quick charge 2.0.. When I got this phone .There is no turbo charger. I did not get .But may be with new phones you'll get it.. Yeah, it comes with a fast charger you could charge it upto 100% in just 45-50minutes.. I got Motorola Moto X Play with charging and headphone.. There are two varients , one with turbo charger. Motorola Moto X Play Video Review. User Reviews of Motorola Moto X Play. 16 Ratings 9 Reviews. 5 11. 4 2. 3 0. 2 0. 1 2. Rate & review this product and help other customers. smoth and good screen bhai ye smartphone gajab ka hai or iska cemra to best mujhe is smartphone mei bas cemra screen or sound best hai or quality number one and charger best hai. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. No problem in any department using from October, it's battery backup, software, camera clarity, all are good. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. moto x play is best phone, small problem of haet but it's not bigger issue, android phone are heat when's using so it's not too heat... Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Top Camera, Battery, Display and Motorola performance. Phone doesn't get hot, lasts full day after heavy use and is equipped with premium 21MP camera. Motorola performance and engineering truly stands out. This is the new Moto G in this price tier. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Motorola mobile price list in India. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt 64GB price (Rs. Redmi Note 5 64GB price in India (Rs. Moto G5 Plus 4GB RAM price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto X Play. Motorola Moto X Play Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto X Play was obtained on 26th February 2018 14:00:44 The Motorola Moto X Play is available in Amazon The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto X Play online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Motorola Moto X Play is available in Black colours across various online stores in India.. Motorola Moto X Play Price in India is Rs. 12,490 as on 26th February 2018 14:00:44. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Moto Z Play | Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force | Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z | Z Droid Cases. Galaxy S II (Global & AT&T) Cases. LIMITED TIME SALE 10% OFF - ENTER CODE "CASES" AT CHECKOUT. Sign in or Create an account. All prices are in USD. Moto Z Play | Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force | Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z | Z Droid Cases. Galaxy S II (Global & AT&T) Cases. iPhone 6 / 6S Plus Cases. iPhone 5 / 5S / SE Cases. iPad mini / 2 / 3 Cases. iPad 2 / 3 / 4 Cases. MacBook Pro 13" w/ Retina Display. MacBook Pro 15" w/ Retina Display. BlackBerry Bold 9900 / 9930 Cases. Moto Z Play / Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force / Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z / Z Droid Cases. Home Motorola Cases Moto X Play Cases. PDair Black Leather Vertical Pouch for Motorola Moto X Play with Belt Clip. PDair Black Leather Book-Style Case for Motorola Moto X Play. PDair Black Leather Luxury Holster Pouch for Motorola Moto X Play. PDair Black Soft Plastic Case for Motorola Moto X Play. PDair Black Leather Vertical Pouch for Motorola Moto X Play. PDair Black Leather Horizontal Pouch for Motorola Moto X Play. PDair Black Leather Flip-Style Case for Motorola Moto X Play. Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn GooglePlus Instagram. Moto Z Play | Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force | Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z | Z Droid Cases. Galaxy S II (Global & AT&T) Cases. Piel Frama PDair Incipio Laut OtterBox Speck Spigen Kate Spade SwitchEasy Case-Mate. Questions? Give us a call: 1 (877) 255-8766. 
Home > Topics > Motorola Moto X Play. Moto X Play Hands-On review: Does the phone compromise on quality at Rs 18,499?. Moto Play X to soon get Android Nougat, Motorola India confirms. Rutu Ladage | June 7, 2017 10:52 AM IST. Motorola announced that the two-year-old Moto X Play will be getting the Android Nougat update but d.... Moto Play X to soon get Android Nougat, Motorola India confirms. Moto Play X to soon get Android Nougat, Motorola India confirms. Rutu Ladage | June 7, 2017 10:52 AM IST. Motorola announced that the two-year-old Moto X Play will be getting the Android Nougat update but d.... Moto Play X to soon get Android Nougat, Motorola India confirms. Flipkart Freedom Sale: Best deals on smartphones and electronics you shouldn't miss out on. Sambit Satpathy | August 10, 2016 10:11 AM IST. It's the best time to get some shopping done online with sales on all major e-commerce platforms. Flipkart Freedom Sale: Best deals on smartphones and electronics you shouldn't miss out on. Flipkart Freedom Sale: Best deals on smartphones and electronics you shouldn't miss out on. Sambit Satpathy | August 10, 2016 10:11 AM IST. It's the best time to get some shopping done online with sales on all major e-commerce platforms. Flipkart Freedom Sale: Best deals on smartphones and electronics you shouldn't miss out on. Lenovo Vibe X3 vs Moto X Play vs HTC Desire 828: Price, specifications and features compared. Ritesh Bendre | January 27, 2016 11:28 PM IST. Earlier today, Lenovo launched its flagship smartphone, called the Vibe X3. Lenovo Vibe X3 vs Moto X Play vs HTC Desire 828: Price, specifications and features compared. Lenovo Vibe X3 vs Moto X Play vs HTC Desire 828: Price, specifications and features compared. Ritesh Bendre | January 27, 2016 5:58 PM IST. Earlier today, Lenovo launched its flagship smartphone, called the Vibe X3. Lenovo Vibe X3 vs Moto X Play vs HTC Desire 828: Price, specifications and features compared. Motorola Moto G (third-generation), Moto G Turbo Edition and Moto X Play price cut by Rs 2,000 in India. Sambit Satpathy | January 13, 2016 6:33 PM IST. Motorola has announced a price cut of Rs 2,000 on some of its best selling smartphones in India. Motorola Moto G (third-generation), Moto G Turbo Edition and Moto X Play price cut by Rs 2,000 in India. Motorola Moto G (third-generation), Moto G Turbo Edition and Moto X Play price cut by Rs 2,000 in India. Sambit Satpathy | January 13, 2016 1:03 PM IST. Motorola has announced a price cut of Rs 2,000 on some of its best selling smartphones in India. Motorola Moto G (third-generation), Moto G Turbo Edition and Moto X Play price cut by Rs 2,000 in India. Motorola Moto X Play and Moto X Style now available for Rs 8,499 and Rs 14,999 with exchange offer. Ritesh Bendre | December 7, 2015 9:50 PM IST. Motorola is back with exchange offers on its smartphones. The company is giving users a chance to ex.... Motorola Moto X Play and Moto X Style now available for Rs 8,499 and Rs 14,999 with exchange offer. Motorola Moto X Play and Moto X Style now available for Rs 8,499 and Rs 14,999 with exchange offer. Ritesh Bendre | December 7, 2015 4:20 PM IST. Motorola is back with exchange offers on its smartphones. The company is giving users a chance to ex.... Motorola Moto X Play and Moto X Style now available for Rs 8,499 and Rs 14,999 with exchange offer. OnePlus X vs Motorola Moto X Play vs Xiaomi Mi 4: Price, specifications and features compared. Ritesh Bendre | October 29, 2015 9:34 PM IST. OnePlus today launched a new, compact and affordable smartphone, called the OnePlus X. OnePlus X vs Motorola Moto X Play vs Xiaomi Mi 4: Price, specifications and features compared. OnePlus X vs Motorola Moto X Play vs Xiaomi Mi 4: Price, specifications and features compared. Ritesh Bendre | October 29, 2015 4:04 PM IST. OnePlus today launched a new, compact and affordable smartphone, called the OnePlus X. OnePlus X vs Motorola Moto X Play vs Xiaomi Mi 4: Price, specifications and features compared. Moto X Style ‘releasing soon in India’: Motorola. Ritesh Bendre | October 4, 2015 6:31 PM IST. After launching the Moto X Play in India, Motorola is all set to launch the Moto X Style. Moto X Style ‘releasing soon in India’: Motorola. Moto X Style ‘releasing soon in India’: Motorola. Ritesh Bendre | October 4, 2015 1:01 PM IST. After launching the Moto X Play in India, Motorola is all set to launch the Moto X Style. Moto X Style ‘releasing soon in India’: Motorola. Moto X Play and 5 other Motorola smartphones in India set for Android 6.0 Marshmallow update. Sambit Satpathy | October 3, 2015 5:41 PM IST. Along with the new LG Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P , Google also released its latest Android 6.0 Mar.... Moto X Play and 5 other Motorola smartphones in India set for Android 6.0 Marshmallow update. Moto X Play and 5 other Motorola smartphones in India set for Android 6.0 Marshmallow update. Sambit Satpathy | October 3, 2015 12:11 PM IST. Along with the new LG Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P , Google also released its latest Android 6.0 Mar.... Moto X Play and 5 other Motorola smartphones in India set for Android 6.0 Marshmallow update. Motorola Moto X Play hands-on photo gallery. Sambit Satpathy | September 15, 2015 9:10 PM IST. Motorola yesterday launched the Moto X Play at an event in New Delhi. Priced at Rs 18,499 for the 16.... Motorola Moto X Play hands-on photo gallery. Motorola Moto X Play hands-on photo gallery. Sambit Satpathy | September 15, 2015 3:40 PM IST. Motorola yesterday launched the Moto X Play at an event in New Delhi. Priced at Rs 18,499 for the 16.... Motorola Moto X Play hands-on photo gallery. Moto X Play will be manufactured in India: Motorola India GM Amit Boni. Mukesh Singh | September 14, 2015 9:57 PM IST. Earlier today, Motorola launched the Moto X Play in India, which will go on sale exclusively via Fli.... Moto X Play will be manufactured in India: Motorola India GM Amit Boni. Motorola Moto X Play vs OnePlus One vs Samsung Galaxy E7: Price, specifications and features compared. Ritesh Bendre | September 14, 2015 8:33 PM IST. Earlier today, Motorola launched the Moto X Play at an event in New Delhi. Motorola Moto X Play vs OnePlus One vs Samsung Galaxy E7: Price, specifications and features compared. Motorola Moto G Flipkart Android Google Lenovo Smartphone Nexus 6 Xiaomi. श्रीदेवी के निधन पर शिरीष कुंदर ने बॉलीवुड को कहा अवसरवादी, नाराज़ हो सकते हैं लोग. आप के दो विधायक जेल में खेल रहे कैरम, कैदियों संग लंगर में खाते हैं खाना. यूपी में तेज धूप से तापमान में वृद्धि, अगले 24 घंटे में गर्मी और बढ़ने की संभावना. Amalaki Ekadashi 2018: आज सुनें ये व्रत कथा, पूरी होगी हर मनोकामना. Amalaki Ekadashi आज, जानें महत्‍व और व्रत तोड़ने का समय व विधि. Indian Premier League 2018 Holi 2018 Assembly Elections 2018 North East Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi Salman Khan Donald Trump Festivals & Events 2017 India vs South Africa 3rd T20I Match MWC 2018. Sridevi Funeral in Mumbai Live Updates. Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety Movie Review. Sridevi's funeral in Mumbai LIVE updates: Forensic reports finally out; confirm "nothing suspicious" about the sudden death. Harvey Weinstein's New York studio to declare bankruptcy. Shabana Azmi cancels her Holi party as a sign of respect to late Sridevi. Sridevi was "excited" to have been signed on for this Karan Johar film. New Zealand paceman Seth Rance helps firemen extinguish fire at local pub. Yuvzendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav have done really well, says Mohammad Hafeez. India vs South Africa, 5th Women’s T20I, statistical highlights. Darren Lehmann responds strongly to Moeen Ali's views on future of Test cricket. India vs South Africa, 3rd T20I: Shikhar Dhawan betters Rohit Sharma, other statistical highlights. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact launched with bezel-less design. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, Nokia 6, Nokia 1 and Nokia 8110 unveiled. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. Sridevi dies due to cardiac arrest; a doctor explains why women need to take care of their heart health seriously. Fitness post on social media may impact others too. Here’s what’s wrong with Voice Kids India and other kids reality shows even without the Papon Kiss Controversy. Parrikar hospitalised for dehydration, low blood pressure. Need more awareness on leprosy in country: Vice President. Advertise With Us | About Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Author Profiles. 
How to Root the Motorola Moto X Play. Remove apps that were preinstalled by your carrier/manufacturer from your device. Free up storage space (because of the above benefit). Increase battery life (apps that might have been running constantly can be removed). Increase performance (after removing apps that are always running, the device will be less bogged down and run smoother). Update to a new version of Android (by flashing a custom recovery/ROM, see the end of this procedure for more info on that). Tons of other customizations when you use your new found administrative rights to flash a custom ROM (again, see the end of this procedure for more info on that). How to Root the Motorola Moto X Play. Unlocking the Bootloader on the Motorola Moto X Play. Flashing a Custom Recovery on the Motorola Moto X Play. Rooting the Motorola Moto X Play. Posted by David Cogen and TheUnlockr Staff. You are here: How To's » Android How To's » Motorola How To's » Motorola Moto X Play How To's » How to Root the Motorola Moto X Play. Before You Begin How to Root the Motorola Moto X Play II. Unlocking the Bootloader on the Motorola Moto X Play IV. Flashing a Custom Recovery on the Motorola Moto X Play V. Rooting the Motorola Moto X Play. Rooting is the process of gaining administrative rights on your Android device. Once we root our Android device, we can then make changes to it to customize it well beyond what it normally can do.. Once you root the Motorola Moto X Play, you’ll be able to:. Interested? Here’s how to root your Motorola Moto X Play:. This could void the warranty of your device. We won’t be held responsible for anything that happens from doing this tutorial so please proceed at your own risk.. You need a Windows based PC in order to do this procedure.. You should have Motorola USB drivers installed on your PC. If you don’t, install them first.. This should erase all the data stored on your device. So, please backup everything that you’ll need.. This should also flash a custom recovery on your device.. To root the device, you’ll first unlock the bootloader, flash a custom recovery, and then flash SuperSU using the custom recovery to achieve root access. Download Fastboot and save it to your desktop.. Download TWRP Recovery and save it to your desktop.. Download SuperSU and save it to your desktop.. SuperSU for Marshmallow (Download this if you’re running Android Marshmallow). Extract files from Fastboot over to your desktop by right-clicking on it and selecting Extract here.. Turn your device back on in fastboot mode. To do that, hold down Volume DOWN and Power buttons together for a few seconds.. Your device should now be in fastboot mode.. Plug in your device to your PC using a USB cable.. Launch a Command Prompt Window on your desktop by holding down Shift and right-clicking anywhere on the screen and selecting Open command window here.. Type in the following command into the Command Prompt Window and hit Enter:. You should see a string of text on your screen. Copy it to your clipboard removing any spaces so that it is a long string of text.. Head over to the Motorola Bootloader Unlock website and get yourself logged-in. If you don’t have an account with them, create one now.. One of the steps on that website will ask you to paste the string of text. Just paste the string that you’ve already copied to your clipboard and follow the on-screen instructions.. You’ll receive an unlock key to your email address. Copy that key to your clipboard.. Now, type in the following command replacing KEY with the actual unlock key that you’ve copied to your clipboard and hit Enter:. Wait for it to unlock the bootloader on your device.. When it’s done unlocking the bootloader, reboot your device by issuing the following command:. The bootloader on your Motorola Moto X Play is now unlocked, and you can now flash a custom recovery on your device. Here’s how you can do that:. Reboot your device into fastboot mode by holding down Volume DOWN and Power buttons together for a few seconds.. Connect your device to your PC using a USB cable.. Open a Command Prompt Window on your desktop. To do that, hold down Shift and right-click anywhere on your screen and select Open command window here.. Type in the following command into the Command Prompt Window and hit Enter. Make sure to replace recovery.img with the actual name of the recovery image that you have downloaded.. Wait for it to flash a custom recovery on your device.. When it’s done flashing a recovery, reboot your device by using the following command:. Your Motorola Moto X Play now has a custom recovery using which you can gain root access on your device. Connect your device to your PC using a USB cable.. Copy SuperSU .zip from your desktop over to the internal SD card storage on your device.. Unplug your device from your PC when SuperSU is copied.. Turn your device back on in recovery mode. To do that, hold down Volume DOWN and Power buttons together.. Your device should reboot into bootloader mode.. Select Recovery from the options appearing on your screen.. Select Install in the recovery menu.. Choose SuperSU .zip to be installed on your device.. Tap on Swipe to Confirm Flash to confirm flash.. Wait for it to flash SuperSU on your device.. When it’s done flashing SuperSU, reboot your device by selecting Reboot followed by System in the recovery menu.. All set! Now, you can head to my how to flash a custom ROM tutorial for how to flash custom ROMs from my ROM repository onto the phone to open up a whole new world of customizations for your Motorola Moto X Play!. By the way, if you ever need to undo this, you can always put your device back to stock by heading to my Rooting How To’s section, finding your device, and doing the How to Unroot listed for it there.. Let me know if this worked for you in the comments below!. Related Items: android , motorola , rooting. Join 90k others & subscribe to my weekly, not annoying newsletter for more tech!. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus (Complete Walkthrough) (Video). The Last Pen You’ll Ever Need (Video). Best Camera Phone of 2017 (Video). How to Turn off Read Receipts on All Your Social Networks. love your tutorial man very specific thanks a ton.. Thanks for that! Happy to help!. See if we do routing,it voids manufacturer warranty.Suppose after rooting, i want to unroot again to a normal one similar to what has company given. will it possible? if so after unrooting can we able to get manufacturer warranty again?. FastBoot Link not working please update working url ( https://docs.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0BxzKWBQ99T28V3QwRzBvU2FDTDg ). Cant i use the same steps with mac os?. Yes you can just use Terminal instead of Command Prompt and you’ll need to put ./ in front of the commands (as per syntax for terminal is why). Everything’s fine but, supersu is not being flashed and I see an error. What error did you get while flashing SuperSU?. I put in fastboot oem get_unlock_data but it says ‘fastboot’ is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file. Means you are not in the right folder when launching the command prompt. You need to be launching it from the same folder as fastboot is located. In this tutorial, you should be saving fastboot and the other files to your desktop then you right click the desktop while holding shift and click open command window here (this ensures that it is open in the same place as those files as mentioned). You either saved fastboot in a different place or didn’t open command prompt in the right place. Check all the steps in Section II and make sure to save them all to the actual desktop and then make sure to do step 6 in Section III exactly as written.. OK, I’ve followed the steps above and get as far as flashing super su but once I flash it my device hangs on the Motorola screen and won’t load. I’ve had to restore from a nandroid backup every time. I’ve several versions of SuperSU and superuser and they all do the same thing. I’ve also reset and wiped everything I could think of and nothing works. Did you flash SuperSU using the custom recovery that you installed on your device? Or did you use the stock recovery?. Dear…the Fastboot link has 4 files, we need to downlaod & install/run all in order or just fastboot.exe?. You don’t need to install/run any files. All you need to do is launch a command prompt window in the fastboot folder and run commands through it. It’ll automatically make use of the available fastboot files.. Dear Mahesh…thanx for reply, but my query was something else. See the Fastboot down link above, when hit it, it takes to Google Drive, there show one folder names Fastboot & inside folder are 4 files, Fastboot.exe being the last. So its bit confusing for beginner at this step, though stage III-1 makes it clear that it was complete folder required to be downloaded & extract.. Yes, you’re required to download the entire “Fastboot” folder (archive) and then extract its files. You’ll get four files but you don’t need to touch them, the commands that you run through the command prompt window will make use of these fastboot files.. Hello, I am going up to the last part. I managed to unlock the bootloader and flash the custom recovery (twrp-lux-2.8.7-r5.img). Then I transfer the zip file to the sd card (I even tried to unzip it…). However, when i go to recovery mod, I have the error message “no command” so I guess the recovery did not work. However, it was writen the recovery was sent and writen.. Hi David, where you able to flash correctly the custom recovery? Because I have tried erasing and flashing the recovery with all versions of TWRP and always get the same “No Command” error when trying to get into recovery mode.. I also checked the logs of the bootloader and it always said that it flashed the recovery, but never works.. How do you know the custom recovery has been flashed once you have writen the command. The only thing i have is sending recovery ok and writing recovery ok.. Hello, when i go to recovery my phone dont show any recovery to flash and i copy ziped and unziped SU on sd memory and the phone memory too but doesnt show anything, help plz.. You are NOT supposed to unzip the SuperSU .zip as it must be in .zip format for it to be flashed through a recovery on your phone.. So, please let SuperSU be in .zip format, copy it to your phone, and flash it through the custom recovery, and you will be rooted.. Hello Mahesh I was following you tutorial to root my new Moto X Play. When I would flash the custom recovery it seemed to go fine but then there was no “recovery” option on the bootloader menu, only “recovery mode”. So I thought maybe when doing the custom recovery I maybe had to enter “fastboot flash recovery_mode twrp-lux-2.8.7-r7.img”. That seemed to work, from the bootloader menu I launched “recovery mode and got some program where I had to slide to accept. But now my phone will not boot. it just hangs forever at the WARNING BOOTLOADER UNLOCKED screen. I have found that it I go to the Bootloader menu and hit “recover mode” it will launch “Team Win Recovery Project 2.8.7.0” but if I go to the bootloader menu and hit “factory mode” it will not boot. If I turn the phone on normal, it will not boot. I also got stucked at same step….in the process i lost my original Motorola ROM also..as had to wipe all things to see if my handset could get rid of loop of Bootloader Warning screen. May be your situation also same…do you see TWRP Blue screen when go to recovery by any means? Then have some way out…you need to flash fresh ROM & Gapps to get your gadget back & working. When in bootloop warning screen…keep press the Power & Volume key for longer period (the volume key end far from power key)..it will take you to Fastboot screen. Here you have 2 option to see if TWRP actually installed:. Press volume up/down to display Recovery or Recovery Mode…whatever, & press power key : it should open TWRP blue themed screen if custom recovery has been installed OK (you have had seen such screen while installing superSU). If not this..it will show no-command screen. NOW you press the power & volume key again, this time the volume key end near to power key (note this!!), then Stock recovery screen should will appear…you can see the Motorola recovery version etc there & some actions written above the Android robot lying there. From here you can select reboot Fastboot by volume key & press power key….it will take you back to square…..this step is done here. (i have just explained what happened & done with my Moto). As above attempt to go into custom recovery fails, now……when in Fastboot screen, connect your data cable with phone, other end in PC with command screen. write actual file full name you flashed originally instead of “recovery.img”. If your TWRP has actually been installed OK or not got disturbed by rooting process (Step V above), then your phone should open TWRP main screen….the blue one. IF THIS ALSO FAILS…then you need to repeat the step IV & V of above tutorial. Dont care warning screen, just start from step IV-2 above. You would need to press both for much longer period.. Once you have proper custom recovery installed & rooted done correctly…there are many ways to put life back into your phone. “Type in the following command into the Command Prompt Window and hit Enter. Make sure to replace recovery.img with the actual name of the recovery image that you have downloaded.. Can someone please explain this step to me?. What img are you talking about?. Is it a specified recovery image?. That’s the TWRP recovery image that the procedure talks about. You need to download it from Section-II and then use it in the recovery flashing section.. Does anyone gets the “No Command” error after flashing the recovery? I am stuck there. I have tried erasing and reflashing the recovery several times, with all versions available of TWRP, but never works. On the bootloader log, I can see that it was flashed, but when trying to access the recovery, I always get the No Command error.. Same error..did u found any solution?. Where do you see that “No command” error? Do you see it in your device or on your PC?. Got to the SuperSU part and it said this:. the device has either stopped responding or has been disconnected”. That means your device isn’t properly connected to your PC. Please install the required drivers, if any, and then try copying the file.. You can also use any alternative method to copy file over to your device, maybe using an app like AirDroid.. My Device stuck on the MOTO screen and is not going forward. This happen when i flash it with SUperSU.ZIp.. I have MOTO X Play XT1563.. Was your device working fine after you had flashed a custom recovery on it? Did you only get stuck after flashing SuperSU?. I followed all above steps successfully up to V. Please try flashing the following file and see if that works for you – https://download.chainfire.eu/921/SuperSU/UPDATE-SuperSU-v2.65-20151226141550.zip. I tried flashing above superSU but its not working. It still stuck on MOTO screen after succesfully flashing superSU. It should work, not sure why it isn’t working for you. Are you flashing the file using TWRP?. Also, if that still doesn’t work, then do the following: copy SuperSU to your device, flash the TWRP recovery and then don’t reboot your device, directly go into the recovery mode and flash SuperSU.. See if that works for you.. After flashing the TWRP Recovery image, and going into the “Recovery Mode” it shows the laying down Android with the Red triangle and ! and under it has “No Command” right after V. Do you happen to see the recovery menu? If you don’t, press the Volume UP key when you see that triangle and ! and you’ll be able to see the recovery menu.. Let us know how it goes for you. After booting into the Fastboot, I press the Volume Up/Down till “Recovery Mode” shows beside the Power button, then I press the Power button and then After the “Warning Boot Loader Unlocked” shows, the Laying down Android appears with the Red Triangle and ! and “No command.” under. Pressing the Volume Up/Down then does nothing. Only pressing and holding the power button restarts the phone. Although it restarts automatically after a few minutes.. ((By the way I thought I had already replied.)). It seems you need to factory reset your device before you can access the recovery mode.. Just reboot your device, go into Settings and factory reset your device from there (that’ll erase all data) and then try rebooting into recovery mode and it should work.. Another possible solution is when you’ve flashed the recovery using “fastboot flash recovery” command, do not reboot your device. Instead, pull the battery out of your device, put it back in after a few seconds, and then reboot the device into recovery mode. See if that works for you.. Just did the first option and the same result appeared, laying down Android with Red Triangle, ! and “No Command” under.. Just did the first option and the same result appeared,. laying down Android with Red Triangle, ! and “No Command” under.. Can you please do the following and see if it works for you?. (2) Copy SuperSU .zip to your device. (3) Flash the recovery using “fastboot flash recovery recovery.img” command and just after the recovery’s flashed, run the following command: “fastboot boot recovery.img” and your device should reboot into the recovery mode. From there, flash SuperSU .zip and your device should be rooted.. Let us know if it works for you. I have backed up the system files.. Hi Mahesh, I have done what you listed. Now I get a notice in the Notifications saying that SuperSU needs to be updated. Where is the Download link for the SuperSU update? “SuperSU | The SU binary needs to be updated!”. I’m glad my instructions worked for you!. As for updating the binaries, just launch SuperSU from your app drawer and it’ll ask you to update binaries. Allow it to do so and it’ll do everything by itself and let you know when it’s done.. You’re most welcome, but why sad smiley?. It’s not a sad smiley… it’s a smiley the other way around. Although Error 7 appeared when I tried to install a Rom.. Teaching how to install a custom ROM is out of the scope of this tutorial. For that, you can visit our guide here – http://theunlockr.com/2012/08/29/how-to-load-a-custom-rom-on-an-android-device/. Comments are closed on that post. I was able to install the latest ROM from http://get dot cm/?device=lux. What is a good app store to use in place of the Google Play Store?. Want to install some apps like Signal Private Messenger, Wire, and Antox.. Pulling the battery out on this phone is not as simple as on most other phones with removable batteries. And it seems there isn’t really any videos on youtube yet showing how to remove the battery. I’m not sure how similar/different it is to the Moto X.. How to root Moto X Play XT1562 Marshmallow 6.0.1 ??. Please help me! I did all the steps but after installing SuperSU via the TWRP screen and do the System Boot, I get stuck on the Bootloader Warning, I can still get back to the bootloader and open the TWRP screen but no matter what I do I get stuck in the Bootloader Warning after. Thank you for the amazing guide tho.. Please do the following and you’ll be good to go.. (2) Copy SuperSU .zip to your device. (3) Flash the recovery using “fastboot flash recovery recovery.img” command and just after the recovery’s flashed, run the following command: “fastboot boot recovery.img” and your device should reboot into the recovery mode. From there, flash SuperSU .zip and your device should be rooted.. How do i get the motoroot apk for a Moto X Play XT1563?. You don’t that APK to be able to follow the above procedure. If you still need it, you can Google it.. Make sure you’ve extracted fastboot.exe on your desktop. The file “fastboot.exe” must be there on your desktop.. Let me know if it’s there.. After booting into recovery, and then installing SuperSu 2.46, it just is stuck on bootloader loader unlocked start thing, please help ASAP! I am running android 6.0.1. If you’re running Android 6.0 Marshmallow, please use the following SuperSU instead of the one mentioned in the procedure – https://download.chainfire.eu/921/SuperSU/UPDATE-SuperSU-v2.65-20151226141550.zip. That should work fine for you.. Thanks very, very much for the quick reply! Now, when I try to flash the supersu zip it says E;/Failed to mount data, and internal storgae shows up as 0m. Actually, don’t worry! I rebooted into TWPR and it worked. Mustve just been a bit of a bug, works all the time now.. James same problem with How you solve it plz tell step by step plzzzzz. hello sir my e signature verification failed im using android 6.0.1. Use the Marshmallow compatible SuperSU version that we’ve linked to in this post and you should be good to go.. my phone not open sir its show only warning boot loader unlocked image. yes i downloaded below link supersu but my phone not open show boot loader image and i install twrp-lux-3.0.2-r2.img i think now its need flash software to on my phone. Extract files from Fastboot over to your desktop by right-clicking on it and selecting Extract here. do you mean the pc desktop by that??. Sir, I have tried to root my phone but my phone is not getting started now, Its just showing the warning page Bootloader unlocked. Please help me what should I do now. Did all the steps go successfully for you?. Also, did you use the SuperSU version for Marshmallow?. What step are you stuck at?. Mine is also stuck at the bootloader screen. Using the SuperSU for Marshmallow and it doesn’t work for me. Does that happen after flashing a custom recovery?. When i copy my unlock code to the website and click on the verification button it shows that your device cannot be unlocked. am i the only one who saw this error?. You might have a specific variant of the device that can’t be bootloader unlocked. If the site itself says your bootloader can’t be unlocked, then unfortunately it can’t be unlocked.. Also, make sure you copied the correct unlock code that was shown in the command prompt window.. i am suck at the Warning bootloader unlocked screen after following all the steps mentioned above. Are you on Marshmallow? If you are, did you flash the Marshmallow version of SuperSU on your device?. Yes i am using Marshmellow and i have even flashed the supersu file that you have specified for Marshmellow. What I suggest you to do is go into the recovery mode and wipe dalvik and all other caches and see if that works.. Clearing Dalvik also did not seem to work. Can i unroot my device at this stage and begin again?. hello I get the never ending bootloader warning after the final step but i get the success after flashing superSU. I also cleared the caches as you said below. done everything from wiping off all data to flash again and again. Still its stuck with warning message !!. Did you do what I suggested to Jared above?. Yes I downloaded(and flashed) the SuperSU file of marshmallow version. Also the link to download stock rom is not working if I can get access to proper link that would be great! Thanks.. Did you flash the Marshmallow version of SuperSU if you’re running Marshmallow on your phone?. hello I have the same problem but its not getting fixed I downloaded the marshshmallow supersu version right after flashing that I got the never ending bootloader unlocked warning screen. please please help me my phone is not old I just got it and don’t have the money to buy another one.. hello I did everything as shown with marshmallow supersu but phone doesn’t go through warning bootloader unlocked and I can use twrp and fastboot mode that’s it. Is there a way to get past the bootloader unlocked screen?. Do you mean you aren’t able to use the phone normally?. yes… i am also experiencing the same problem. Here you go – http://forum.xda-developers.com/moto-x-play/general/untested-how-to-root-moto-x-play-t3211941. im stuck at bootloader unlocked warning after everything. I used marshmallow version of superSU and even tried factory reset.. I’ve updated the recovery link so please do the procedure again and see if it works. I had the same problem so I tried the same stuff fractory reset, clearing the caches now my phone will not start normaly it freezes at the bootloader unlocked warning so I tried this new recovery img you updated too and its not helping either when I try to boot in recovery mode (both using the phone alone or the fastboot cmd “fastboot boot recovery.img” it just shows the bootloader unlocked warning then shows the new logo for TWRP and goes to a loading log of some sort it only shows up for a split second so I cant read it but I do notice two red errors before it proceeds to restart and do it all over again… this is my only cell phone at the moment i really need this thing fixed rooted or not. Check this out for more info – http://forum.xda-developers.com/moto-x-play/general/untested-how-to-root-moto-x-play-t3211941. I did everything as shown with marshmallow supersu but phone doesn’t go through warning bootloader unlocked, like everybody else. Got a fix ? for a xt1563. You might want to take a look at this thread where many people have gotten the above method to work without any issues – http://forum.xda-developers.com/moto-x-play/general/untested-how-to-root-moto-x-play-t3211941. hey, i flashed my moto x play using the supersu for marshmallow as i am using marshmallow… now its stuck with the warning bootloader unlocked for a hell lot of time… help me out. Did the bootloader unlock process go well for you?. My phone is Moto X play 16gb dual sim XT1562. I have tried with all possible combinations after unlocking the bootloader. I get bootloader unlocked warning everytine I boot. No lockup or brick so far. The TWRP just does not start in recovery mode (pressing volume up after a screen showing no command and a red triangle on the screen) though desktop shows recovery installed after fastboot procedure. I have marshmallow 6.01 and october security update 2016 installed , if that has changed the game again.. If you use a Dual SIM phone, please use the “twrp-lux-2.8.7-v2.img” recovery file and it should work fine.. Let us know how it goes for you.. My 2nd gen moto x is telling me that there was a problem parsing the package. This tutorial’s only for the Moto X Play. Please search for a tutorial for your device on our site and then do that one.. What site Mahesh? I’m sorry, I’m new to trying to figure this out and I am having a very tough time rooting this device. I tried following the step by step instructions in the video David posted and it doesn’t seem to work. I wish I could just have someone do it for me I’m beyond frustrated with it. I’ve been trying to figure this out for over a month.. Is it possible to getting official OTA update after getting rooted. I don’t think you’d have issues getting OTA updates after rooting the device.. My moto x play dual sim model have updated with October 2016 security, so what is the procedure for root moto x play dual sim marshmallow with October 2016 security update. You should be able to root your device as long as you can unlock the bootloader using this guide.. Which version of twrp should to use for this. after flashing superuser it stuck on warning screen of bootloader unlock. by unlocking the bootloader, will i loose all my data?. I’ve gotten to the point where I already put the SU zip file into the sd storage and went into recovery mode. There is no option “install” but there is “Apply update from sd card”. I tried it but it gave me an error saying:. Can you post a photo of what that screen looks like you are on? Sounds like you are not on the custom recovery but are on the stock recovery instead. Does it have an Android figure on it with his stomach open or does it look like the one I have in the video?. When I enter the recovery mode it does show the little android guy with “no command” but to bypass it, I just hold the power button and tap the volume up button. Then it brings me to this screen: (First photo). So I select “apply update from SD card” and I tried the SuperSU and SuperSU marshmallow. and it gives me the errors in the second picture https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/024470c7c028f2abcf698d01303d8f4665b958578232a99fbf66dbcea95b9998.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e5319176a9d98f264dc15a421c8cbd6c7a0c1325889196ef2ccec57526ae19af.jpg. OK, so that’s the right recovery. Please redownload the update.zip file as it might have gotten corrupted and try again.. I retried with a fresh download of the super su marshmallow but it gave me the same error. Then unfortunately, only thing I can recommend is starting over and making sure you have the Motorola Moto X Play and not another version as well as that you are downloading the right SuperSU for that particular model.. sir it is not working on Marshmallow 6.0.1. Which part exactly didn’t work for you?. when i Tap on Swipe to Confirm SU Flash to confirm flash. after this step device is reboot then my phone is stuck BOOT ANIMATION IS ON INFINITE LOOP … MY DEVICE WAS NOT ON TILL 30 MIN .. THEN IS FOLLOW THIS PROCEDURE TO ON THE PHONE http://www.droidfull.com/2016/03/motoxplay-stock.html … SIR PLEASE HELP ME TO TO ROOT Marshmallow 6.0.1 WHICH I FLASHED FROM ABOVE LINK. sir suggest me best twrp for moto x play xt1562 indian version then it may be possible for success flash of SU. I'm David and I started this tech blog back in 2009 as a place to write down my thoughts on the crazy tech industry, talk about the latest gadgets coming out, as well as put down some tips and tricks to help others out with the tech they use every day.. Crazily, the site now has over 500k people on it sharing their love of tech every month! Nerd out with us, won't you?. Feel free to head here for some of my most popular posts and to learn more about me , this site and my YouTube channel .. Hope you enjoy it and don't hesitate to reach out in the comments, or on social --always love hearing from you guys.. How to Make Your iPhone Light Up Like a Macbook. Made In Pursuit of the Love of Learning, Teaching, & Tech | Designed and Coded by Me. Feel free to learn more About me, Contact me if you need to, and ask to Advertise on the site if you think you're a good fit.. Privacy Policy , Terms of Service , Returns and Exchanges , Become an Affiliate , Advertising Policy , Media Kit. Copyright Expound Media, LLC 2017 All Rights Reserved. 
