Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. — Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. — Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. — Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. — Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. — Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. — Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. — Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. $ 0.00 / 0 items. Choose an option AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Unlocked. Choose an option Excellent Good Cracked Glass Broken Clear. It’s easy to sell your Moto Z2 Force Droid for cash with The Whiz Cells.. Simply tell us your wireless carrier and the condition of your Moto Z2 Force Droid. Review your cash offer below, and receive payment within one business day when you use your own packaging!. Boxes are also available upon request.. Original Packaging ( $ 1.00 ). ***NOTE: This quote is valid for 20 days and will expire on 03/18/2018. Tags: force , moto z force droid , moto z force , z2 force , moto force droid .. Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. – Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. – Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. – Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. – Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. – Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. – Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. – Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. $ 0.00 / 0 items. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - EMEA, USA. CDMA 800 / 1900 - USA. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - EMEA, USA. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700) - USA. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps. 155.9 x 75.8 x 7 mm (6.14 x 2.98 x 0.28 in). 5.5 inches, 83.1 cm 2 (~70.3% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~535 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), 7.1.1 (Nougat), planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 21 MP (f/1.8, 1.12 µm), phase detection & laser autofocus, OIS, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. 5 MP (f/2.2, 1.4 µm), LED flash, 1080p. - 3.5 mm to USB-C headphone adapter incl. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB On-The-Go; magnetic connector. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Basemark OS II 2.0: 5395 / Basemark X: 36405. Voice 69dB / Noise 68dB / Ring 77dB. Also known as Motorola Moto Z Force Droid for USA. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto Z Force - user opinions and reviews. SHOULD i buy z force? please for me opinion!thanks.from vietnamese. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Droid Turbo 2 LG V20. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition review:. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The long-lasting Motorola Moto Z Force Droid has a durable display and its modular accessories are useful and easy to attach.. The Bad You can only buy the Force in the US. It feels hefty with the Moto Mods snapped on, and its fingerprint reader confusingly looks like a home button.. The Bottom Line The Moto Z Force Droid sounds better on paper, but the thinner, cheaper Moto Z is the one we actually want to use.. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition. Wait, what's with this phone again? What's the difference between this and the Moto Z?. Editors' Note: We updated this review on July 22, 2016 with additional battery test results and adjusted the battery rating accordingly. However, the overall score of the phone has not changed.. With its swappable Moto Mod accessories that connect through magnets, and its premium hardware, the Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition is a powerful handset (with an overly long name) that's available only to US customers. You have to really, really want this phone, and in my opinion, you'd be better off with the standard Moto Z , which is also available on Verizon (as the Moto Z Droid Edition), cheaper at $624 and thinner, which makes it generally better to use.. At this point you're going to say something about the Droid Force's higher-megapixel camera and longer battery life, or maybe its heartier display. On paper, these add up to a "better," more capable phone. But in testing, the negatives -- the thicker design and higher price -- outweigh its minimal real-life performance gains. Instead, you're just left with...an excessive use of Force. P.S.: If Verizon isn't your carrier, read my full Moto Z review for a full rundown. You can also check out pricing and sale dates for Moto Mod accessories here .. Motorola's Moto Z and Z Force: Customization done right. The Moto Z Force is a fully functioning phone, but it has these little magnetic bumps on the back that allow you to attach and swap out accessories called Moto Mods. They're really cool, actually, and they either act as a customizable back cover or can enhance the phone by increasing battery life or pumping out music through a speaker. With the audio speaker, music automatically starts playing when attached, and the projector hardly required any setup.. The Moto Z Force has a bigger battery -- 3,500 mAh compared to the Moto Z's 2,600 mAh -- that lasted impressively longer: 16 hours 32 minutes for the Force, while the Moto Z lasted 12 hours 27 minutes. The Moto Z Force also comes with a 30W TurboCharger (the Moto Z comes with a 15W). After 30 minutes the Moto Z Force was at 68 percent battery and after about an hour and 10 minutes it was charged 100 percent.. It's thicker too, and gets even heftier when you attach even the thinnest Moto Mod. The Moto Z's slimmer frame doesn't get as bulky.. The Moto Z Force also has an extra-tough display to protect itself from rough drops and falls. We first saw ShatterShield in the Droid Turbo 2 and -- spoiler alert -- it really is durable. I also noticed that its screen is notably brighter and whiter than the Moto Z when viewed side by side (though it's not exactly clear why).. Finally, there's the Moto Z Force's 21-megapixel camera versus the Moto Z's 13-megapixel shooter. The extra megapixels get you higher resolution photos and images appeared a tad sharper on the Moto Z Force. Similar to the Moto Z, however, the wonky white balance can turn objects too yellow or too blue. For more about photo quality, check out the images below and click on them to view them at their full resolution.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Motorola Moto Z Force Droid combines several hot trends into a worry-free, expandable smartphone for Verizon Wireless users. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 16 Photos in Gallery. The Motorola Moto Z Force Droid combines several hot trends into a worry-free, expandable smartphone for Verizon Wireless users.. The Motorola Moto Z Force Droid ($720 for 32GB; $770 for 64GB) has everything. With a big battery, a nearly unbreakable screen, and a selection of useful removable backs, it's the phone to buy on Verizon Wireless right now. sibling, the Moto Z Droid , is slimmer and costs $100 less, but has a smaller battery and lacks the super-tough screen. They're both excellent, but as with the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 Edge , we recommend the slightly larger model with the bigger battery. That makes the Moto Z Force Droid our Editors' Choice for smartphones on Verizon.. Apple iPhone 6s Plus (Verizon Wireless). Droid Turbo 2 by Motorola (Verizon Wireless). Droid Maxx 2 by Motorola (Verizon Wireless). Physical Features The Moto Z Force Droid is a big slab of glass and metal, with a multilayer shatterproof plastic-and-glass front and a black stainless steel back. It measures 6.14 by 2.98 by 0.27 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.74 ounces. That makes it larger than the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (5.95 by 2.83 by 0.30 inches, 5.54 ounces), and I find it just a bit too wide to use with one hand. Some of the phone's height goes into the perplexing placement of a fingerprint sensor under the screen, which works as a screen on/off button, but not as a home button.. The 21-megapixel main camera forms a large bump on the back, but you're unlikely to notice it because you'll have a magnetic back attached to the phone. The Moto Z platform allows for MotoMods, which are functional backs that clip onto the phone, adding features or just changing the look; a basic wooden back costs $14.99 and neutralizes the camera bump. I'll discuss these in greater detail below.. View All 16 Photos in Gallery. The phone's 5.5-inch, 2,560-by-1,440 screen is covered with a shatterproof plastic layer, and unless you scratch it, you can't tell. I kept looking at the Z Force's screen next to the Z's, even under a magnifying glass, and I couldn't spot the difference.. Oh, yeah, and there's no headphone jack. Left to Right: Moto Z Droid , Moto Z Force Droid. ShatterShield The Z Force Droid isn't a ruggedized phone, but it'll do. It has a multilayer ShatterShield display with a four-year warranty against cracks and breaks. It can scratch, though, and you'll have to live with scratches. The Z Force is also water-resistant, but not fully waterproof; you can spill things on it, but you can't dunk it.. To test ShatterShield, I dropped the phone twice from three feet onto rough concrete, and once onto. The magnetic back flew off, and the phone's metal bezel got a noticeable silvery gouge in it, but the screen remained intact. To test water resistance, I poured an eight-ounce glass of water onto the phone. You could see the phone's coating repelling the water, and no liquid got under the magnetic back. After drying it off, it was no worse for wear. But the USB-C port doesn't look protected, so I wouldn't use it while the phone is wet.. Call Quality, Networking, and Power The Moto Z phones have a loud, harsh earpiece tone when making phone calls. It definitely punches through background noise, but I found that it rendered my voice rather nasal (and my voice certainly doesn't need help in that regard). But the volume is powerful, both on the earpiece and the speakerphone. I was more impressed with call transmission because noise cancellation in the microphone is just terrific.. The Z phones use LTE bands 2/3/4/5/7/13. Technically, they're unlocked, but don't rush out to buy one for another carrier: Unlocked global models with no Verizon bloatware will arrive around the end of the summer, so if you aren't on Verizon, wait. The global models have better LTE roaming, and also have HSPA+ 1700 and LTE bands 12 and 17, which are needed for the best coverage on AT&T and T-Mobile.. I was quite happy with the dual-band Wi-Fi performance on the , than on the plain Z. In various Wi-Fi tests, I got quite different results from the two phones. As usual with high-end devices, they performed similarly when close to a Wi-Fi router, but the Z dropped off much more sharply at the edge of the Wi-Fi cell, giving me 1-2Mbps down when the Z Force and a Galaxy S7 were able to find 7-12Mbps.. Battery life is fine, if not spectacular, at just about six hours of screen-on time while streaming video over LTE. The 3,500mAh battery is significantly larger than either the Moto Z's or the Galaxy S7's, though, so I'm thinking a software update may improve battery life in the future.. Because of their magnetic backs, there's no wireless charging for the Z series. (There may be a wireless charging mod, though.) The Force comes with a gigantic 5.7A USB-C power adapter. I tried to charge the phone with both its own adapter and with the plain Z's 3.6A charger. The super-fast 5.7A charger boosted the Force to 39 percent in the first 15 minutes, adding 25 percent each additional 15 minutes, charging the whole phone in under an hour. The smaller charger added just 19 percent in 15 minutes.. Android and Software The Moto Z Force runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with Motorola's typically low-key extensions. Motorola insists that it will get an Android 7.0 Nougat upgrade, but I think Verizon will hold that up for months.. Benchmark results are quite similar to other phones with a 2.26GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and 4GB of RAM, like the Galaxy S7. That's a good thing, as these are the most powerful phones available today. All of the Snapdragon 820 phones tend to score around 5400-5500 on Geekbench. I got 150,000 on the Antutu benchmark, which bests both the OnePlus 3 (at 141,000) and the Galaxy S7 (at 123,000.) The difference is largely in the UX tests; Samsung's skin slows its phones down, while Motorola's lighter touch pays off in speed.. Motorola's few software extensions have been around since the 2013 Moto X. Moto Display lights up the time and notifications when you put your hand near the screen, which I find very convenient; it's a good balance between battery life and always-on display functionality. The phone also has some gesture controls, such as flipping it over to mute the ringer. Otherwise, Motorola still, fortunately, doesn't mess with Google's launcher, and doesn't give you photo and music apps — it's Google Photos and Google Play Music all the way.. The OS build takes up 8.37GB of the phone's 32GB, largely thanks to Verizon's bloatware. There a dozen preloaded Verizon apps on these Droids. A few egregious games are deletable, but you're stuck with NFL Mobile, Slacker, and VZ Navigator for life.. Fortunately, there's a microSD card slot as part of the SIM slot the top. It supports all the card sizes currently available, and is compatible with Google's Adoptable Storage, which makes SD cards work like internal storage.. Multimedia The Moto Z series are the first major smartphones to come without a 3.5mm headphone jack. Instead, you get a headphone-to-USB-C dongle in the box. (The phone can output analog audio over the USB-C port.) This is annoying, especially because you can't charge your phone while listening to wired headphones, but it's also something we're likely to start seeing a lot more of in the future. You're not getting any special audio quality for your sacrifice — the Z Force doesn't have the richness you get on the HTC 10. It looks like this was done mostly to keep the phone thin.. There are no USB-C headphones on the market yet. In three days, I've already misplaced the small headphone dongle several times. The best idea is just to keep it attached to your favorite headphones. Honestly, I'd just go with Bluetooth headphones for the phone, which will help you get around any charging issues.. The Z Force packs a 21-megapixel main camera with 4K video recording, as well as 720p slow-motion video at up to 120 frames per second. It isn't better than the Samsung Galaxy S7's camera, but it's quite good. You activate the camera by flicking your wrist, and you can take a picture by tapping anywhere on the screen. These have been Moto features since the original X, and they make it easier to take pictures one-handed than on other phones. Along with the usual modes, there's a manual mode and a very good macro mode.. Set aside the Force's megapixel count, as exposure and image processing typically matter more. Testing the 12-megapixel Galaxy S7 against both the 13-megapixel Moto Z and the 21-megapixel Z Force, the Galaxy S7 has the best exposure in both regular and low light. While the Z has a very good camera, photos tend to look a bit softened. The Z Force comes close to the S7's well-balanced images in daylight.. In low light, the S7 also turns out the best images. The Z was softer, while the was noisier. It becomes a question of which compromise you want to make. I prefer more detail, with noise if necessary.. The two Moto Z's 5-megapixel front cameras are exactly the same. In good light, they take sharper selfies than the Galaxy S7 does. In low light, the S7 manages to pull somewhat better highlights out of images.. I had no problem recording 30fps 4K video or 30fps 1080p front-facing video in any light.. Moto Mods The Z series' most exciting feature is Moto Mods. As mentioned earlier, these are magnetic accessories that add features to the phones. All Moto Mods are compatible with both the Z and the .. Initially, Motorola is launching with a half dozen. Basic back plates in soft-touch plastic, wood, and metallic materials will cost $14.99. TUMI and Kate Spade power backs cost $59.99 to 89.99. The $79.99 JBL SoundBoost is a large add-on speaker with a kickstand that lets the phone play room-filling sound, with far better bass than the internal speakers provide. And the Moto -Share projector is a 50-lumen projector with an hour of battery life for $299.99. We'll review these in the upcoming weeks.. For geeks, the most exciting mod is the one that can be anything: the $129.99 Developers Kit. There are a few sample "personality cards" that go on top of the basic dev breadboard, but the one to pay the most attention to lets you attach any Raspberry Pi HAT module. Motorola tells me that Mod will come with all the software necessary to develop for the phone; it didn't specify whether that includes rooting or unlocking the bootloader.. Snap on a Moto Mod and a settings screen pops up. With the I've , the most important aspect of that screen is that it lets you monitor the battery in the Mod, as well as make minor settings changes, like telling the battery back when it can charge the phone, and setting auto- on the projector. It's a very smooth, streamlined experience. I think lots of people are going to buy battery backs.. Comparisons and Conclusions I'm surprised to say this, but the Motorola Moto Z Force Droid is the most exciting phone I've seen this year. The screen, water resistance, expandable memory, and attachable backs combine the strengths of several of 2016's top phones, and top the LG G5 's unfulfilled promises by actually delivering attachable backs that work.. There are only two downsides to the Droid: it's big and it lacks a headphone jack. But I think it's worth putting up with these issues. While I'd still pick the Galaxy S7 as my own device because I'm into smaller phones, the Z Force Droid combines lots of power, some great accessories, and much sleeker software Samsung provides. It's the most promising new phone of the year, and our Editors' Choice for Verizon buyers.. Bottom Line: The Motorola Moto Z Force Droid combines several hot trends into a worry-free, expandable smartphone for Verizon Wireless users.. PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 13 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, hosts our One Cool Thing daily Web show, and writes opinions on tech and society.. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. Hands On With the LG V30S+ ThinQ. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto Z Force. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto Z Force The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels. The Motorola Moto Z Force is powered by 2.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto Z Force packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto Z Force runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3500mAh non removable battery. It measures 155.90 x 75.80 x 7.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 163.00 grams. The Motorola Moto Z Force is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Moto Z Reportedly Starts Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Moto Z, Moto Z Force to Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat This Week. Moto Z to Launch in India This Festive Season, Lenovo Executive Confirms. Moto Z, Moto Z Force With 'Moto Mods' Magnetic Snap-On Back Panels Launched. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto Z Force detailed specifications. Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 155.90 x 75.80 x 7.00 Weight (g) 163.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3500 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels. Processor 2.2GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 RAM 4GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto Z Force. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 5 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 3 of 3 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By santhosh | 4 Oct 2016. whats the price in INDIA ? FROM WHEN AVAILABLE. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. By AnnA ServiceS | 17 Aug 2016. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Sonu Kashyap | 12 Jun 2016. I want to inform there is mistake..it's expendable memory is. Internal memory 64 gb also available. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. Moto Z Reportedly Starts Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Moto Z, Moto Z Force to Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat This Week. Moto Z to Launch in India This Festive Season, Lenovo Executive Confirms. Moto Z, Moto Z Force With 'Moto Mods' Magnetic Snap-On Back Panels Launched. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Huawei P9 Plus Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs. Karbonn Titanium Mach One Plus Apple iPhone 8 vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Motorola Moto Z Force Apple iPhone 7 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 vs. Motorola Droid Turbo Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto Z Force in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Sep 1, 2016. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.28 inches). Extremely high pixel density screen (534 ppi). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Just like the Moto Z, the Moto Z Force can have its functionality augmented by the Moto Mods modular accesories, which snap to the back of the device via magnets. Right now, these include a stereo speaker set, a pico projector, and a huge battery. Or you can simply use a stylish back plate with natural leather, wood, or fabric finish. The "Force" in the phone's name stands for the fact that it features a ShatterSheld display, which is guaranteed not to shatter no matter how many times you drop the handest. In terms of hardware, the Moto Z Force is a beast, boasting plenty of memory and the fastest chip Qualcomm has in stock. All of that, along with the 21MP camera and 3500mAh battery, is packed inside a slim, metal-made body.. Dimensions: 6.14 x 2.98 x 0.28 inches (155.9 x 75.8 x 6.99 mm). Weight: 5.75 oz (163 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: ShatterShield, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features: Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: Optical image stabilization, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Video calling. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13. Data: LTE-A Cat 9 (450/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 09 Jun 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto Z Force specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition. $399 Buy. May the Moto Z Force be with you; a Star Wars Moto Mod is coming, but only to China. Get an iPhone 8 or Samsung Galaxy S8 for free (with trade-in) at U.S Cellular on Black Friday. New Moto Mod for wireless charging on sale for $39.99. Moto Mod leaks reveal images of the Moto Power Pack and next-gen Moto Style Shells. New ad for the Moto Z line is even crazier than the first one. Company developing a physical QWERTY keyboard Moto Mod will meet with Lenovo and Verizon. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto Z Force - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto Z Force -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto Z Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto Z Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto Z Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Motorola Moto Z Force -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Motorola Moto Z Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Force -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Motorola Moto Z Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Force -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Motorola Moto Z Force -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Moto Z Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Motorola Moto Z Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Blue. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -AA Battery Powered Emergency 0.5 Amp USB Charger, Black. Emergency Cell Phone Charger w/Built-in LED Flashlight. Easy to operate - requires one AA battery (not included). Convenient push button activates bright LED flashlight. Includes 3 charging adapters (LG, Mini USB and Device). Motorola Moto Z Force -Ultra-Compact USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Red. Never have a dead battery again. Simply connect your USB cable to the charger. Motorola Moto Z Force -HyperGear Stik Power Bank / Portable Phone Charger and Flash Light (2600 mAh) with Micro USB cable, Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro, MP3 players and other devices using existing device cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (1000 mAh), Black. Motorola Moto Z Force -Value Series .5 amp 500 mAh USB Travel Charger Adapter, Purple. {brand-model} Value Series USB Travel Charger Adapter. Never have a dead battery again. Simply connect your USB cable to the charger. Motorola Moto Z Force -4,500 mAh Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Black. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable, Black. Carry spare power wherever you go!. Great for business trips or vacations. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro, MP3 players and other devices. Comes with Micro USB charging cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users will need to use an existing compatible cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, White. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Moto Z Force -4,500 mAh Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable, Purple. Carry spare power wherever you go!. Great for business trips or vacations. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro, MP3 players and other devices. Comes with Micro USB charging cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users will need to use an existing compatible cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -Portable Power Bank Wallet (3000 mAh), Black. Two cables inside the wallet catering for all devices, one micro USB cable for connecting to android smartphones,one lightning cable to connect to iPhone 7, 7 Plus, 6/6s, 5S, 5, SE smartphones. Lightweight slim flip-out wallet charger is a convenient on-the-go accessory for everyone. Supports charging to two devices at the same time. Motorola Moto Z Force -Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable, Rose Gold. Carry spare power wherever you go!. Great for business trips or vacations. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro, MP3 players and other devices. Comes with Micro USB charging cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users will need to use an existing compatible cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -Universal Battery Charger with USB port, White. Perfect for on the go or traveling. Always keep your batteries fully charged!. Motorola Moto Z Force -USB Vehicle Power Adapter (1000 mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Force -Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable, Silver. Carry spare power wherever you go!. Great for business trips or vacations. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro, MP3 players and other devices. Comes with Micro USB charging cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users will need to use an existing compatible cable. Motorola Moto Z Force -Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable, Hot Pink. Carry spare power wherever you go!. Great for business trips or vacations. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro, MP3 players and other devices. Comes with Micro USB charging cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users will need to use an existing compatible cable. 
Display, connectivity, and battery life 4. Multimedia, audio quality, and loudspeaker 9. Motorola Moto Z Force specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (66). Lenovo Android Motorola Verizon. 5.5" AMOLED screen, QHD (1440x2560 / 535 ppi), Gorilla Glass. Water-resistant nano-coating (splash-proof but not submersible). Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 - dual-core 2.15 GHz Kyro & dual-core 1.6 GHz Kyro w/ Adreno 530, 4GB of RAM. 32 or 64GB of internal storage, microSD expandable up to 2TB. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with Moto Enhancements (Moto Voice, Moto Display, and Moto Actions). 21MP camera, f/1.8 aperture, 1.12 micron pixels, OIS, laser autofocus, dual-tone LED flash. 1080p video @ 30 or 60fps, 4K @ 30fps. 5MP front-facing camera with wide angle, front-facing LED flash. Version) - CDMA: 850, 1900MHz, GSM/GRPS/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900MHz), UTMS/HSPA+ (850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100MHz), LTE Bands. 3,500 mAh battery, 30W Moto Turbo Charger via USB-C. No USB transfer cable included (charger and cable are single piece). No standard 3.5mm audio jack (USB-C adapter is included). Exclusive to the US market via Verizon. This year, Lenovo had the honor of unveiling Motorola's newest flagship offerings. These flagship offerings are the Moto Z, which aims to succeed the Moto X, and the Moto Z Force, which is a bigger and badder version of the Moto Z.. The Moto Z Force is aimed at succeeding last year's Droid Turbo 2 (exclusive to Verizon in the US, Moto X Force in worldwide markets). Both the Moto Z and Z Force are identical in height and width, and their thickness is the only way to tell the two apart.. The other difference with the Moto Z Force is the significantly larger battery, the added girth that comes with a larger battery, a higher resolution 21MP camera, and the shatter proof screen that will survive drops of up to 5 feet onto flat surfaces. These specs make the Moto Z Force a worthy competitor to the recently reviewed Samsung Galaxy S7 active.. The Moto Z Force will remain as a Verizon exclusive model in the US and for now. As of this review, there are currently no plans to release the Moto Z Force outside of the US. Making it like the Samsung Galaxy S7 active which remains as an AT&T exclusive and is not available anywhere else in the world.. The Moto Z Force is a worthy competitor to the Samsung Galaxy S7 active as they both play fine with water (Moto Z Force is splash resistant only), they both offer shatter-proof displays, and they both are touted as ultra-durable devices with large batteries.. We've already reviewed the Moto Z, but the Moto Z Force is aimed at a slightly different consumer, but mostly the power user. Paired with the US' best (although, most expensive) carrier, the Moto Z Force Droid also carries a $96 premium over the Moto Z Droid when purchasing from Verizon.. Moto Z in Black & Rose Gold: Front  Rear close-up  Rear  Side  Combo view. The Moto Z Force takes on the Moto Z by offering a larger batter, higher resolution 21MP camera, and the aforementioned shatterproof display. We are curious to see if Lenovo has changed the recipe for creating their shatter-proof display. The previous iteration of this screen, which we saw in the Droid Turbo 2 and Moto X Force had diminished viewing angles, and the plastic-based display lens was more prone to light scratches.. The Moto Z Force works with the same Moto Mods as the Moto Z. Both it and the Moto Z Force have otherwise identical hardware on the exterior, except for the thickness. The Moto Z Force is 25% thicker than the razor thin 5.2mm Moto Z, but it's still quite thin.. Camera performance with the Moto Z was decent, and we are expecting the 21MP camera found in the Moto Z Force to be even better.. Follow us onto the next page to see what's inside the Moto Z Force's retail package.. Display, connectivity, and battery life 4. Multimedia, audio quality, and loudspeaker 9. Motorola Moto Z Force specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (66). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto Z2 Force is officially launching in India next week. Moto X4 now $249 on Project Fi. Motorola Moto Z2 Play gets $150 price cut starting tomorrow. Qualcomm signs $2B MoU with Lenovo, Xiaomi, vivo, Oppo, and ZTE. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Moto Z Force Droid Edition review: Shatterproof display, battery to last, and functional modular design. | August 10, 2016 -- 12:21 GMT (20:21 GMT+08:00). Long battery life and fast charging. Too many Verizon apps and preloaded games. Specifications Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 2.2 GHz quad-core Display : 5.5 inch 2560x1440 pixels resolution AMOLED ShatterShield display Operating system : Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow RAM : 4GB Storage : 32GB internal (64GB option available) with microSD expansion card slot Cameras : Rear 21 megapixel f/1.8 aperture with 1.12um pixel and front 5 megapixel f/2.2 aperture with 1.4um pixel Water resistance : Water repelleant nano-coating Battery : 3500 mAh non-removable with TurboPower fast charging technology Dimensions : 155.9 x 75.8 x 6.99 mm and 163 grams Hardware. Moto Mods Software Pricing and competition Daily usage experiences and conclusion. LG launched a modular phone earlier this year, but the LG G5 didn't convince many that modularity was that useful. The new Moto Z Force Droid Edition also focuses on a modular design, but after using a few of them for a week I am already convinced that Motorola's implementation is better.. Samsung Galaxy S9: Pricing, pre-order and launch dates. The best and worst of the MWC. The best VPN services: Out 10 favorite vendors for protecting your privacy. Running Windows 10? Here's how Microsoft plans to milk more profits out of its cash cow. Motorola launched the Moto X back in 2013 and its small form factor, enhanced gesture controls, pure Android experience, and customization options made it one of my favorite devices I still own today. I haven't been this excited about a Motorola phone since that original Moto X.. After checking out the new Moto G4 and G4 Plus , solid devices available at low prices, I was expecting the same rather ordinary design in the Moto Z Force Droid Edition. It turns out that the new Moto Z Force is well constructed, has a unique approach to mods, contains a great camera, and is a phone I can recommend to smartphone buyers.. The Moto Z Force Droid incorporates the same specs found in other high end Android smartphones with the addition of a rugged display that should handle typical accidental drops. It's the first Android phone without a headphone jack, but Motorola did include a USB Type-C to 3.5mm dongle in the box. I use a pair of wired Bose noise-cancelling headphones when I travel so I am personally not ready to give up on the headphone jack.. It would be nice to see the Moto Z Force launch with Android Nougat, but hopefully we see it updated before the end of the year after Google rolls out the OS and new Nexus devices.. The Moto Z Force is a rather large device with a 5.5 inch display and rather wide bezels, when compared to other modern Android smartphones. There is a tall bezel below the display where we find the word Moto and a fingerprint scanner. Just like the Moto G4 Plus, the fingerprint scanner only serves to unlock the phone or turn off the display. It does not serve as a home button or for any other function, which seems like a waste of space to me and is not what I prefer.. Unlike many other phones with 2.5D curved glass, there are defined edges around the front display of the Moto Z Force with the glass butting up to the metal edges.. There is one speaker on the Moto Z Force, found above the display in the handset speaker. HTC does this with the HTC 10, but HTC also has another speaker down at the bottom. Volume is decent on the Moto Z Force, but Moto did a better job with stereo speakers on previous Motorola phones.. The display looks fantastic and the fact that it is shatterproof is a major benefit to owning the Moto Z Force. Field workers will appreciate having a phone they can drop without having to worry about breaking screens as they get work done.. A USB Type-C port is found at the bottom and a Turbo Charger is included in the box. Motorola reports that you can get up to 15 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes of charging. Battery life of the 3,500 battery is rated at up to 40 hours. I've experienced great battery life over the past week and am easily going for more than a day every single day.. The camera performs well in most conditions and includes OIS and laser autofocus. I often see the "hold camera steady" notice while taking photos so it isn't as quick to capture pictures as the Samsung Galaxy phones.. LG brought us modularity through attachments that slide up and into the LG G5 through the bottom. This meant that the phone had to be shut down and restarted whenever a new module was attached. This also meant that the module had to incorporate a battery to replace the one slid out of the bottom.. The only modules we have seen for the LG G5 were the LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play that added a DAC and headphone jack and the LG Cam Plus that added physical camera keys and about doubled the thickness of the LG G5. You could also replace the battery with a spare. That's all there was to the LG G5, which did nothing to sell the power of modularity.. With the new Motorola Z and Z Force, Motorola is launching with the JBL SoundBoost speaker, Incipio offGRID Power Pack, and Moto Insta-Share Projector. There are also various back cover designs that attach to the magnetic back of the Moto Z and Z Force to quickly give your phone a different look.. These three main mods are more compelling than what LG launched with, but hopefully we will continue to see more launch in the coming months. I was sent the speaker and projector to check out for a couple of weeks.. The Moto Insta-Share Projector module is available for $299.99. The 125 gram attachment snaps on the back to project up to 70 inches on a screen or wall in front of you. The projector has a resolution of 854x480 with a brightness of 50 lumens and a lamp life of 10,000 hours. An 1100 mAh battery is also included to provide up to 60 minutes of projection time with a USB Type-C port for charging up the module.. After attaching the mod to the back, you simply press and hold on the power button to turn on the projector. There is also a dial to focus the picture at your desired distance with the bottom of the mod serving as a stand to hold your phone at any angle from zero to 180 degrees.. I put Star Wars: The Force Awakens on the Moto Z Force Droid and was pleasantly surprised by the resolution and quality of the projector. I then loaded up an Excel spreadsheet and a PowerPoint presentation to view those on a white board. While this accessory is expensive, it could serve sales and marketing teams well on the road. Imagine only having to pack along this mod in the included draw-string bag to give your next presentation.. While many of us typically use headphones to enjoy music, people also like to share videos they capture and YouTube videos with others. There is also a large market for Bluetooth speakers that go to the beach, outside for summer parties, and wherever you want to enjoy music with others.. The JBL SoundBoost speaker snaps on the back of your Moto Z phone and provides 6W of speaker power, 1000 mAh of battery power for 10 hours of music, an integrated kickstand, and speakerphone functionality. The USB Type-C port is found on the front of the JBL SoundBoost so you need to charge it up before attaching it to your Moto Z Force. It sounds good and can take the place of an external portable speaker for some situations.. Moto Z Force Droid Edition image and screenshot... 1 - 5 of 24. Like all modern Motorola Android phones, you will find a very pure Google experience on the Moto Z Force. I installed the Google launcher because I like to have the Google Now home screen panel on my phones. The quick controls, app drawer, and settings are all stock Android fare.. The Moto Z Force Droid launches with Android Marshmallow and the May 2016 Android security patch. Motorola stated it will issue an update soon after the release of the Z Force, but it will not commit to timely monthly updates as we have seen from Samsung and Google.. Everything runs smoothly on the Moto Z Force Droid and all has been stable as well. I personally like some of the customizations and enhancements offered by phone makers, but purists will enjoy using the Moto Z Force.. Motorola has always offered some cool enhancements and gestures that I am pleased to see continue here on the Moto Z Force Droid. To view and change the default for these enhancements, launch the Moto app on the phone. Enhancements include the twist to launch the camera, chop motion to turn on the flashlight (extremely handy when I go to be late each night), reach to trigger Moto Display, flip to enable do not disturb, pick up to stop ringing, customized Google Now voice command support, and more.. I am not a Verizon customer and am used to devices with very little extra software. Verizon went to town on this device and includes VZ Protect, VZ Navigator, Verizon Voice Mail, Slacker Radio, Slotomania, NFL Mobile, Message+, Juice Jam, go90, Genies and Gems, Game of War, Cookie Jam, Cloud, Caller Name ID, Audible, Amazon Kindle, and My Verizon. Apple gets away from having to install all of this bloatware on the iPhone and I hope someday that Android manufacturers will be able to offer phones without these apps. It's fine to have a carrier section of the app store to install apps if the customer wants the app, but it's a shame that carriers can consume internal storage with its preferences.. There are plenty of great Android smartphone options available today for $400 or less. Devices like the Apple iPhone and Samsung Galaxy need to offer unique compelling features to justify the $700 to $900+ selling price. The Moto Z Force Droid starts at $720 with $50 more for 64GB of internal storage. Swappable backs start at $19.99 with Moto Mods priced from $59.99 to $299.99.. Check out the CNET review where the Moto Z Force Droid earned 8.2/10 stars.. While the Moto Z Force Droid has a premium price, it does offer a shatterproof display, cool Moto gestures and functions, long battery life, and unique expansion capability.. The Moto Z and Moto Z Force Droid phones are currently limited to the Verizon network. I switched carriers in the past to gain access to a specific phone and could justify switching to Verizon for the Moto Z Droid Force. However, the phone will eventually be offered as an unlocked model that will be free of the carrier crap so I'll wait to see when that launches.. I had no real expectations for the Moto Z Force Droid so was pleasantly surprised by the rock solid design, camera performance, and interesting approach to modularity. It's a rather big and heavy phone, especially when a Moto Mod is slapped on the back.. The Moto Z Droid is thinner and lighter than the Z Force Droid, but it loses the shatterproof display and the camera drops down to a 13 megapixel shooter. The battery on the Moto Z is also quite a bit smaller at 2,600 mAh. If I was going to buy one of these new Verizon Droid phones, I would pay the extra $96 to get the improvemens in the display, camera, and battery.. With phones like the Moto G4 Plus offering a similar form factor and core experiences, it can be tough to justify paying three times the cost for the Moto Z Force.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. Moto Z Force review: Motorola's beefier Z smartphone is better without its mods. It's too bad Motorola's better-performing flagship phone takes a back seat to the svelte Moto Z. The Z Force is worth the higher price. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Moto Z review: Motorola proves modular smartphones are the future of mobility. Hands on with Moto Z and Moto Z Force: Not all modular smartphones are bad.... Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus review: No longer the best budget smartphones.... Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. Design: Like the Moto Z, but thicker [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. Performance: Like all the other flagships. Camera: The best Motorola has to offer. Software: Verizon is the king of bloatware Should you buy it? Florence Ion. With a lighter, thinner chassis, the Moto Z (reviewed here ) certainly pairs better with Motorola’s snap-on Moto Mods. But because the higher-spec’ed Moto Z Force. is so dang good, it can stand all on its own, with no speaker, projector or power pack accessories necessary.. In fact, the Moto Z Force ($720 via. is the better choice for people who have no interest in Motorola’s modular smartphone concept, and if I had to name Motorola’s. marquee device for 2016, I’d put the Z Force in front.. This smartphone must be considered an option for anyone who just won’t consider the. Just be aware that while the Moto Z Force is compatible with the various Moto Mods, it’s better off as a standalone device.. The Moto Z Force is the decidedly thicker sibling of the Moto Z. At 7mm thick, the Z Force is noticeably larger than the 5.2mm Moto Z, though. it’s still thinner than both the Nexus 6P and OnePus 3. Sans accessories, it’s relatively light, too.. If you’re hoping to pair the Z Force with one of its Moto Mods (like this Kate Spade-themed battery pack), be forewarned that the total package gets quite heavy.. The Z Force’s larger body makes it a bit easier to hold than its slimmer sibling, which often felt like it was going to slip from my hand during testing. Unfortunately, once you tack on a Moto Mod accessory, the Moto Z really shows its heft.. I never thought my arm could ever get tired from simply talking on the phone, but that happened with the Z Force when I attached the Kate Spade Power Pack.. The Moto Z Force employs USB Type-C.. The Moto Z Force is thinner than the Nexus 6P, but only barely.. The power and volume buttons are easy to reach and make a satisfying clicking sound when pressed.. At least the Z Force has a valid excuse for its thicker chassis: The phone employs Motorola’s ShatterShield technology, which protects the display from major disasters. This five-layer system has a plastic hard-coating on top that keeps the actual display layers underneath well-protected.. Yes, the top layer can scratch, but it can also be easily replaced for about $30. And in case you drop the phone on concrete,. It’s sort of like having an automobile bumper: a relatively cheap part that’s designed for replacement in the event of an accident.. Unfortunately, the Z Force isn’t resistant to water like other flagship phones.. The Moto Z’ Force’s AMOLED display is great, though it’s a bit dimmer than its sibling’s.. Like the baseline Moto Z, the Moto Z Force has a 5.5-inch QuadHD AMOLED display. Weirdly, the display brightness is a bit dimmer than the Moto Z—probably the result of having that ShatterShield protective layer on top. Regardless, the display is still bright enough to see outdoors. I should note that my review unit shipped with a bright green dead pixel in the lower left-hand corner of the display. Let’s hope the minor defect is limited to my review unit, and customer phones don’t suffer similar quality-control issues.. The Z Force uses the same front-facing fingerprint scanner that you’ll find on the Moto Z and Moto G4 family. I’ll reiterate that I’m not fond of the front-facing scanner, as it doesn’t pair with any other function (like, say, a Home button) and also takes away potential screen real estate from the display.. The new fad in smartphone design: dongle tails!. Lastly, be forewarned that the Moto Z Force doesn’t have a 3.5mm headphone jack. So you’ll have to come with your own set of Bluetooth headphones, or carry around the included USB Type-C adapter to plug in analog earphones. If you go the Bluetooth route, you’ll have to be diligent about keeping your earphones charged, and if you stick with analog earphones, you’ll have to keep tabs on the whereabouts of that dongle. Like its direct competition, the Moto Z Force runs on a Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM. In our benchmarks, it ranked alongside all the latest flagships, including the Galaxy S7 and OnePlus 3. In fact, it managed to outpace both of those devices in PCMark, which tests for general smartphone usage like browsing the web and copying and pasting text between applications.. Like its sibling, the Moto Z Force outpaced other flagships in PCMark.. Unfortunately, the Z Force offered up inconsistent benchmark results in 3DMark. This was the median score of the many tests I ran.. The Moto Z offered up some inconsistent results in a few of our benchmark tests, and unfortunately the Z Force performed along the same lines. I can’t tell if it’s GPU throttling or the fact that the phone isn’t particularly good at dispersing heat.. I also want to caution that, like its sibling, it does have a tendency to get rather warm if it’s plugged in and you’re using a prcoessor-intensive app. The heat is especially noticeable around the 16 recessed metal pins on the back, and I even yelped a couple of times because of the surprising heat output. Using the included Style Shell should help curb those burns.. The Z Force’s 3,500 mAh battery is plenty capable, though the OnePlus 3 outranked it with its smaller battery.. Battery life for the Moto Z Force is pretty good, though a bit lower than we'd expect with a 3500mAh battery pack. I left the phone on standby for about two days with all my notifications blasting through and it was still holding on. It lasted seven hours and two minutes in our PCMark battery rundown test, too, though it’s worth noting that’s an hour less than what the Galaxy S7 Edge managed with a similarly-sized 3600 mAh battery pack.. The Moto Z Force is, by far, the best Motorola camera phone I’ve ever used. Unlike the Moto Z and its 13-megapixel camera, the Z Force utilizes a 21-megapixel camera with a bright f/1.8 aperture, optical image stabilization, laser autofocus, and phase detection autofocus, which helps keep subjects in focus. It also has a 5-megapixel front-facing camera.. I loved the vibrancy of the photos taken with the Z Force.. The Z Force produced photos with colors that pop.. The contast and saturation are almost as good as what the Galaxy S7 is capable of producing.. I was particularly impressed with the Moto Z Force’s performance in low light, even though it was difficult to lock on a subject at times. However, I figured out that pressing-and-holding on the area where you want the camera to focus will produce a clear-looking photo even in the dimmest of light.. In our lab test, the Z Force performed well with its f/1.8 aperture, though the LG G5 and Galaxy S7 were better at overall lighting.. I found that tapping on a subject to lock in focus and exposure helped produce clearer photos in low light situations.. Some photos didn’t come out so well, however, like this one, though I appreciate the effort.. Overall, I was pleased with the camera performance of the Moto Z Force, and impressed at how vivid the end product looked. Admittedly, it’s not something I expected from Motorola after the camera disasters that were the first two generations of the Moto X, but I’m glad to see that Lenovo made some changes in this regard.. The Z Force is still missing some of those stellar Samsung software tricks, however. They’re the same tricks that help the Galaxy S7 properly expose and saturate a photo in all types of lighting. The closest you’ll manage on the Z Droid is by enabling the Professional Mode in the camera app and manually adjusting the exposure, ISO, and shutter speed, though it only goes up to a measly half a second.. The new Motorola camera UI is a major improvement over what it used to look like.. The camera interface on the Moto Z and Z Force has changed a bit, too. You’ll no longer have to awkwardly swipe from the left to bring up the spinning wheel of options utilized in previous Moto X devices. The camera app now employs a simple menu screen. There’s also an option to choose your camera mode placed to the right of the Shutter button. I really appreciate Motorola’s newly refined sense of simplicity here.. Like its siblings, the Moto Z Force features a nearly bare-bones, stock version of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. But because this is currently a Verizon exclusive, you’re going to get a ton of bloatware you didn’t ask for, including redundant messaging and navigation apps, and a hoard of games you can’t delete. If this all drives you nuts, you can disable the applications and install another launcher to hide them all, but be prepared to do a bit of prep work before you dive into using the phone.. Also, it should be said that while there was a bit of concern over Motorola’s delay in pushing forth the latest Android security updates, Motorola has confirmed that the Moto Z and Z Force will receive their security patches in due time.. I’m not entirely sure what Motorola’s strategy is here. Like its budget-line , the company is offering two slightly different variants of the same smartphone at two slightly different price points. The Moto Z Force would have been just fine as a standalone release, especially since it’s the better photo shooter of the two.. I’d suggest you don’t even bother with the Moto Z unless you’re particularly attracted to the idea of the Moto Mods. And definitely don’t choose this variant if you do like Motorola’s approach to modular smartphones. The Moto Z Force’s thicker chassis doesn’t pair well with the mods. Once you strap on a mod like the JBL SoundBooster, or even one of the Power Packs, it feels like you’re carting around a brick in your bag. However, I love the shatter-resistant display and the stellar 21-megapixel camera. The extra $100 is worth it for the rear-facing camera alone, and with its larger battery pack, you can ensure the Z Force can carry you through even the longest of days.. The Moto Z Force is one of the best smartphones Motorola's ever made, though it's best without any mods attached to it.. 21-megapixel camera produces some of the best looking photos of any Motorola device. 3500 mAh battery will get you through the day and then some. Z Force becomes heavy when a Moto Mod is attached. The device gets really hot when it's plugged in and playing games. Florence reports on all the latest Android and smart home gear for PCWorld, Greenbot and TechHive. Follow her on Twitter at @ohthatflo .. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola z force. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola z force. Save motorola z force to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola z force to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789 AT&T BRANDED + GSM UNLOCKED BLACK 64GB. NEW MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789 AT&T BRANDED + GSM UNLOCKED BLACK 64GB. Motorola Moto Z Force - Verizon. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 32GB Gold/White (Verizon) Clean ESN - USED. For Motorola Moto Z2 Force 2nd Gen Bible Verses Impact Hybrid Hard Case Cover. Motorola Moto Z Force 2nd Generation - 64 GB - Super Black Sprint Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $314.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-01 Verizon Check IMEI C. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT-1650M 32GB Verizon Wireless Factory Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Force 2nd Generation - 64 GB - Super Black T-Mobile Smartphone. 4 new & refurbished from $370.00. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition 64GB * T-mobile * CLEAR ESN. 3 new & refurbished from $289.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid 32GB Black Verizon-Very Good Condition-VG23 06. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-04 AT&T Check IMEI A. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Verizon 32GB Black/Lunar Grey (Factory Unlocked). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. For Motorola Moto Z2 Force 2nd 2017 Studded Bling HYBRID Phone Case Cover + Pen. Ghostek Covert Shockproof TPU Impact Hybrid Armor Case For Motorola Moto Z Force. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-02 Unknown Carrier Check IMEI B. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M 32GB Black/Lunar Grey Verizon Factory Unlock. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Verizon Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone Gold. 1 new & refurbished from $259.95. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-04 T-Mobile Check IMEI A. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 - 32GB - Gold / White (Verizon) A-Grade. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-02 Unknown Carrier Check IMEI B. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-04 T-Mobile Check IMEI C7. 2 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition Tempered Glass Full Cover Screen Protector. 2 Pack Motorola Moto Z2 Force Screen Protector Tempered Glass 2nd Gen 9H Black. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-03 64GB Fine Gold! Sprint Network! New device!. Motorola XT1650M XT1650-02 MOTO Z Force Droid SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-03 64GB Super Black! Sprint Network! New device!. NEW Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-05 64GB Black Lunar Gray! T-Mobile Network!. Google Locked Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-01 Verizon Check IMEI GL. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-03 64GB Super Black! Sprint Network! Brand NEW!. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-03 64GB Super Black! Sprint Network! NEW!. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-03 64GB Super Black! Sprint Network! New device!. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid (XT1650-02) 32GB Black (Verizon) Clean ESN 14897. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-01 64GB Verizon GSM Unlocked Smartphone BLACK G563. Motorola Moto Z2 Force T-Mobile 64GB 2nd gen XT1789 android 7 nougat New. 4 new & refurbished from $370.00. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-03 64GB Super Black! Fits Sprint Network! 9/10!. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition XT1789-04 T-Mobile 64GB Moto-Mods Dual Cameras. Moto Z2 Force Screen Protector (3-Pack), IQ Shield Tempered Ballistic Glass... Motorola Z Droid Case Built-in Kickstand Super Slim Cover + Belt Clip Holster. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-01 64GB Verizon GSM Unlocked Smartphone BLACK G501. Motorola Moto Z2 Force 2nd Gen. - 64 GB Super Black (T-Mobile) Great Condition!. 4 new & refurbished from $370.00. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-04 AT&T Unlocked Android Smartphone BLACK G590. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid 32GB Black XT1650-02 *Verizon - Unlocked* Tested. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789-01 64GB Verizon GSM Unlocked Smartphone BLACK G583. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Verizon Unlocked 32GB Smartphone Cell Phone. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. NEW OPEN BOX MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789-04 AT&T BLACK 64GB GSM LTE UNLOCKED. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Black Lunar Gray! Verizon+GSM Unlocked READ. BRAND NEW MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789-01 VERIZON BLACK 64GB FACTORY UNLOCKED. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - (Verizon, UNLOCKED ) CLEAR. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition 64GB XT1789- AT&T * CLEAN IMEI. MOTOROLA MOTO Z2 FORCE XT1789 (T-MOBILE BRANDED) BLACK 64GB 4G LTE SMARTPHONE. 4 new & refurbished from $370.00. Fair Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 XT1650-02 32GB Black (Verizon) Free Ship. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Black Lunar Gray! GSM Unlocked READ. Motorola Moto Z2 Force (Verizon) Smartphone Grade C Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Force 2nd Generation - 64 GB - Super Black T-Mobile Smartphone. 4 new & refurbished from $370.00. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G490. Motorola Moto Z Force 2nd Generation - 64 GB - Super Black T-Mobile Smartphone. 4 new & refurbished from $370.00. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G483. Motorola Moto Z Droid 2016 Case Cover Kickstand Dual Layer Heavy Duty Holster. For Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition Quotes Design Bling Hybrid Case Cover. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. New in box XT1650M with pre-installed Verizon Sim card. Customs services and international tracking provided. Screen Protector | Lifetime Warranty | Touch-ID Ready. Customs services and international tracking provided. New in Verizon Retail Box with Pre-installed SIM Card. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fast Free Shipping - USPS Priority Mail 1-3 days .. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto Z Force - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto Z Force -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Motorola Moto Z Force -Waterproof Bag. Motorola Moto Z Force -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Motorola Moto Z Force -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Motorola Moto Z Force -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Motorola Moto Z Force -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Motorola Moto Z Force -My.Carbon 3-in-1 Rugged Case with Belt Clip Holster, Black. My.Carbon 3-in-1 Shell & Holster Combo. Rubberized polycarbonate shell for scratch and drop protection. Unique slide-in design for simplicity and ease of use. Precision cutouts for access to ports, controls, speakers and camera. Attach holster to bag, belt, pocket or purse. High-quality, rotatable clip doubles as a kickstand. Motorola Moto Z Force -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Force -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto Z Force currently has an Informr score of 8.4 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 18. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. The latest modular addition to the Moto family is turning heads, but it has an upgraded premium version as well--the Motorola Moto Z Force .. In many ways, the phone is identical to its lower-priced sibling. They both feature the same Snapdragon 820 processor, 32 or 64GB of storage, modular add-ons, lack of headphone port and beautiful 5.5-inch QHD display.. While the design is similar, the Moto Z Force is slightly thicker--largely due to the increased battery capacity. However, many reviewers agreed that the added heft was a welcome addition to the phone. With a 3500mAh battery, reviewers had no problems pushing a day and a half of usage on a single charge.. The other major change is an upgraded rear camera. Replacing the 13MP chip on the Moto Z with a 21MP Sony chip, the Moto Z Force wowed reviewers and performed comparably to the best flagships currently available. The camera also adds phase-detection autofocus to the feature list to make snapping shots even faster.. While the differences might seem minor, so is difference in price. If you’re on the fence about which to grab, PC Magazine says, “If you're going to spend $600 on a phone, you might as well spend $700. Go out and get a Moto Z Force.”. For more information on what to expect from the rest of the phone’s features, check out our review summary for the Motorola Moto Z !. Moto Z Force Droid has great physical balance; packs a shatter-resistant screen, if dropped; responds nearly instantly to touch or voice; and feels over prolonged use like a companion (there Google Assistant helps). What's not to like about that?. The Moto Z Force is a phone for Android power-users who would rather experience Android as it was meant to be, Nexus style, but with a few extra features on top. Although you wouldn't get the quickest updates as you would on Nexus devices, the Moto Z Force offers much more than the pure Android expe.... The Moto Z Force Droid is definitely the “better” of the two latest devices from Motorola and Lenovo. With its larger battery, better camera, and ShatterShield display you’d be hard pressed to pass this device up if given the opportunity. Even though its a bit heavier and thicker,.... The Moto Z Force is one of the best smartphones Motorola's ever made, though it's best without any mods attached to it.. There are only two downsides to the Z Force Droid: it's big and it lacks a headphone jack. But I think it's worth putting up with these issues. While I'd still pick the Galaxy S7 as my own device because I'm into smaller phones, the Z Force Droid combines lots of power, some great accessories, and m.... Motorola released the Moto Z Force on September 30, 2016.. The Moto Z Force price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Motorola Moto Z Force prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Moto Z Force manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto Z Force user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto Z Force with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Moto Z Force problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto Z Force has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto Z Force's screen size is 5.5 inches with 1440 x 2560 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820 Quad core 2.2 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow (Update Available: 7.1.1 Nougat) operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 21+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 2000 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3500 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1306 minutes, Unknown Wi-Fi surfing.. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow (Update Available: 7.1.1 Nougat). Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820 Quad core 2.2 GHz. Head: 1.14 W/kg Body: 1.14 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.6 x 7.6 x 0.7 cm (6.1 x 3 x 0.3 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. Capacitive touch screen, Corning Gorilla Glass. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 2000 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Image stabilization, Multi-shot, Night mode, Panorama, Self-timer, Zero shutter lag, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Ultra HD (3840 x 2160 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Other Names (AKA): Motorola Moto Z Force Droid. Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto Z Force Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto Z Force. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /850/1800/2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto Z Force. Responsive, with finely balanced features and feel. Moto Z Force Droid has great physical balance; packs a shatter-resistant screen, if dropped; responds nearly instantly to touch or voice; and feels over prolonged use like a companion (there Google Assistant helps). What's not to like about that?. Moto Z Force Droid has great physical balance; packs a shatter-resistant screen, if dropped; responds nearly instantly to touch or voice; and feels over prolonged use like a companion (there Google Assistant helps). What's not to like about that?. The Moto Z Force is a phone for Android power-users who would rather experience Android as it was meant to be, Nexus style, but with a few extra features on top. Although you wouldn't get the quickest updates as you would on Nexus devices, the Moto Z Force offers much more than the pure Android e... The Moto Z Force is a phone for Android power-users who would rather experience Android as it was meant to be, Nexus style, but with a few extra features on top. Although you wouldn't get the quickest updates as you would on Nexus devices, the Moto Z Force offers much more than the pure Android experience as long as you are willing to make the tradeoff.. The Moto Z Force Droid is definitely the “better” of the two latest devices from Motorola and Lenovo. With its larger battery, better camera, and ShatterShield display you’d be hard pressed to pass this device up if given the opportunity. Even though its a bit heavier and thicke... The Moto Z Force Droid is definitely the “better” of the two latest devices from Motorola and Lenovo. With its larger battery, better camera, and ShatterShield display you’d be hard pressed to pass this device up if given the opportunity. Even though its a bit heavier and thicker, it’s still thinner than other flagship devices on the market, so we’ll give this one the nod of approval.. Motorola's beefier Z smartphone is better without its mods. I’d suggest you don’t even bother with the Moto Z unless you’re particularly attracted to the idea of the Moto Mods. And definitely don’t choose this variant if you do like Motorola’s approach to modular smartphones. The Moto Z Force’s thicker chassis doesn&rsq... I’d suggest you don’t even bother with the Moto Z unless you’re particularly attracted to the idea of the Moto Mods. And definitely don’t choose this variant if you do like Motorola’s approach to modular smartphones. The Moto Z Force’s thicker chassis doesn’t pair well with the mods. Once you strap on a mod like the JBL SoundBooster, or even one of the Power Packs, it feels like you’re carting around a brick in your bag. However, I love the shatter-resistant display and the stellar 21-megapixel camera. The extra $100 is worth it for the rear-facing camera alone, and with its larger battery pack, you can ensure the Z Force can carry you through even the longest of days.. Combines several hot trends into a worry-free, expandable smartphone. There are only two downsides to the Z Force Droid: it's big and it lacks a headphone jack. But I think it's worth putting up with these issues. While I'd still pick the Galaxy S7 as my own device because I'm into smaller phones, the Z Force Droid combines lots of power, some great accessories, an... There are only two downsides to the Z Force Droid: it's big and it lacks a headphone jack. But I think it's worth putting up with these issues. While I'd still pick the Galaxy S7 as my own device because I'm into smaller phones, the Z Force Droid combines lots of power, some great accessories, and much sleeker software than Samsung provides. It's the most promising new phone of the year, and our Editors' Choice for Verizon buyers.. Best of specs and modular functionality into a single device. I would pass on the Moto Z Force DROID, unless you really want those Moto Mods. The cool factor of those could maybe outweigh a few of the negatives with this device.. I would pass on the Moto Z Force DROID, unless you really want those Moto Mods. The cool factor of those could maybe outweigh a few of the negatives with this device.. The Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition doesn't yet offer the level of customization that Google's upcoming Project Ara promises (there you can switch out components such as processors and camera lenses). The Mods aren't very portable, and on top of the $720 you're paying for the phone, things will get even more expensive.. The Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition doesn't yet offer the level of customization that Google's upcoming Project Ara promises (there you can switch out components such as processors and camera lenses). The Mods aren't very portable, and on top of the $720 you're paying for the phone, things will get even more expensive.. Motorola has some thoughts on this whole “modular” thing. Instead of dismantling your phone into a series of puzzle pieces, the company is tackling the idea in a much more elegant way. With MotoMods, you just attach the accessory to the back of the Moto Z or Moto Z Force and magnets d... Motorola has some thoughts on this whole “modular” thing. Instead of dismantling your phone into a series of puzzle pieces, the company is tackling the idea in a much more elegant way. With MotoMods, you just attach the accessory to the back of the Moto Z or Moto Z Force and magnets do the rest. It’s a great idea that doesn’t quite fulfill its potential, as we found out while reviewing both of the devices.. Fantastically thin Moto Z Droid feels like it's from the future. Even if there were no modular hardware here, the Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid would still be some really attractive handsets. The super-thin design is stunning while still feeling robust (even if it's tricky to get used to handling a phone so svelte), performance doesn't let us down, and both models offer some decent camera output.. Even if there were no modular hardware here, the Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid would still be some really attractive handsets. The super-thin design is stunning while still feeling robust (even if it's tricky to get used to handling a phone so svelte), performance doesn't let us down, and both models offer some decent camera output.. On its own, the Moto Z is a very capable phone. How badly do you want these Moto Mods? If you're not already madly in love with the Moto Z and have your mind set on it, are the Mods enough to sway you — and to get you to open your wallet? If so, congrats. You'll be buying yourself a very good Android smartphone.. How badly do you want these Moto Mods? If you're not already madly in love with the Moto Z and have your mind set on it, are the Mods enough to sway you — and to get you to open your wallet? If so, congrats. You'll be buying yourself a very good Android smartphone.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650 Disassembly Teardown Repair. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Review. Google Pixel XL vs Motorola Moto Z Force | Full Comparison. How to check for Water damage on Motorola Moto Z Force. How To Easily Root Motorola Moto Z Force XT1650-02 Android Nougat. Alaskan Malamute's Howling - Motorola Moto Z Force Droid. Motorola Moto Z Force Specs, Features & Price. Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Motorola Moto Z Force | Full Comparison. Motorola Moto Z Force 2 Reasons why you should get it (unboxing). How to Unlock Motorola Moto Z Force for any Carrier / AT&T T-Mobile Vodafone Rogers Bell Etc.. Motorola Moto Z - Motorola Moto Z Force Unboxing and Tour. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Orders ship same business day if placed by 5pm PST. Parts Tools Guides Wholesale Blog Contact. iPhone iPad iPod Apple Watch Mac Samsung Google HTC LG Motorola OnePlus More Brands. iPhone Repair Guides & Videos >. iPad Repair Guides & Videos >. iPod Chargers & Accessories >. iPod Repair Guides & Videos >. Apple Watch (38mm - Series 1) >. Apple Watch (42 mm - Series 1) >. Apple Watch (38mm - Series 2) >. Apple Watch (42mm - Series 2) >. Apple Watch (38mm - Series 3) >. Apple Watch (42mm - Series 3) >. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime G610 >. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro J730 >. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo >. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge G935 >. Samsung Repair Guides & Videos >. HTC Repair Guides & Videos >. LG Repair Guides & Videos >. Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) >. Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) >. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) >. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition >. Motorola Repair Guides & Videos >. Tools > Guides > Wholesale > Blog > Contact >. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Delivery: Ships today if ordered by 5pm PST.. ◀ Return to Previous Page. I accept the Terms and Conditions. This is not an email address!. Please enter 6 or more characters!. Please enter 16 or less characters!. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Back Cover - Black (Leather). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Back Cover - Charcoal Ash (Wood). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Back Cover - Crimson (Nylon). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Back Cover - Herringbone (Nylon). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Front-Facing Camera. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Nano SIM and microSD Card Tray - Rose Gold. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Rear-Facing Camera. Apple Watch (38mm - Series 1). Apple Watch (42 mm - Series 1). Apple Watch (38mm - Series 2). Apple Watch (42mm - Series 2). Apple Watch (38mm - Series 3). Apple Watch (42mm - Series 3). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Receive emails about special offers, promotions, product information and news.. Check Your Email To Confirm Subscription. 
The Motorola Moto Z & Moto Z Force (Droid Editions) Review. by Matt Humrick on July 28, 2016 8:00 AM EST. 153.3 x 75.3 x 5.19 mm. 155.9 x 75.8 x 6.99 mm. 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Category 12/13). 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Category 12/13). 5MP, 1/4" OmniVision OV5693, 1.4µm pixels, f/2.2, Auto HDR, LED flash. 5MP, 1/4" OmniVision OV5693, 1.4µm pixels, f/2.2, Auto HDR, LED flash. 13MP, 1/3.06" Sony IMX214 Exmor RS, 1.12µm pixels, f/1.8, Laser AF, OIS, Auto HDR, dual-color LED flash. 21MP, 1/2.4" Sony IMX338 Exmor RS, 1.12µm pixels, f/1.8, PDAF + Laser AF, OIS, Auto HDR, dual-color LED flash. 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, BT 4.1 LE, NFC, GPS/GNSS, USB Type-C, Moto Mods connector. 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, BT 4.1 LE, NFC, GPS/GNSS, USB Type-C, Moto Mods connector. The relationship between Motorola and Verizon dates back to 2009 and the original Motorola Droid smartphone. Since then, the two companies have paired up for a number of Droid branded phones that are either only available from Verizon initially or are slightly tweaked models sold only by Verizon. When Motorola announced that the Moto Z and Moto Z Force will be replacing the Moto X family as the company's flagship devices at Lenovo’s Tech World event in June, it came as no surprise then that both phones would continue the Droid legacy and land exclusively on Verizon’s network first.. Unlocked versions of the Moto Z and Moto Z Force will be available directly from Motorola before the end of the year, but instead of waiting for the general release, we decided to go hands-on with Verizon’s Droid Editions, which use identical hardware.. Just like we’ve seen with most other flagship phones from this generation, the two Moto Z Droids come with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 SoC and 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM. Both models have either 32GB or 64GB of UFS 2.0 NAND, although the 64GB option is only available online through Motorola’s Moto Maker website. Internal storage can also be expanded with microSD cards. The Moto Z Droids have wireless connectivity covered with Qualcomm’s latest X12 baseband processor integrated into the SoC, Bluetooth 4.1 LE, NFC, and 802.11ac 2x2 MIMO Wi-Fi.. Unlike the Moto X phones, the Moto Z Droids come with a touch-based fingerprint sensor, a convenient security feature for unlocking the phone, authorizing purchases, and making mobile payments with Android Pay. So far I’ve found the new fingerprint sensor to be very reliable, unlocking the phone extremely quickly regardless of finger position. As with other capacitive sensors, it still has trouble with moisture and large changes in temperature, but its sensitivity to environmental factors is no worse than other solutions.. Neither of the Moto Z Droids support wireless charging, but they do include Motorola’s TurboPower fast-charging technology, which uses the included 15W or 30W chargers to provide up to 8 or 15 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes for the Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid, respectively, according to Motorola. Another shared feature is a water-repellant nano coating that protects the phones from accidental spills or light rain, but does not provide actual water or dust proofing like Samsung’s IP68 rated Galaxy S7.. While much of the internal hardware is the same, there are a few notable differences between the two models, the most significant being battery size. The Moto Z Droid comes with a 2600mAh battery, which is below the roughly 3000mAh average for phones with 5.5-inch displays. The Moto Z Force Droid bumps battery capacity to 3500mAh, which brings it close to the 3600mAh battery in Samsung’s Galaxy S7 edge. Differences in software and display efficiency will likely determine if the Force Droid can outlast the Galaxy S7 edge.. Both Moto Z Droids have the same 5MP front-facing camera with wide-angle lens that uses a dedicated LED flash and automatic HDR imaging to help capture selfies over a wider range of lighting conditions. The rear cameras both have large f/1.8 apertures and optical image stabilization to improve low-light image quality, but they use different sensors and autofocus systems. The Moto Z Droid includes a 13MP Sony sensor that pairs standard contrast-based autofocus with a laser to improve focus performance in low light. The Moto Z Force Droid uses a more advanced 21MP Sony sensor with deep trench isolation (DTI) technology for improved color fidelity. It also uses a hybrid autofocus system that combines laser, phase detection (PDAF), and contrast detection methods, which should provide faster, more reliable focusing performance in a variety of lighting conditions.. While the Moto Z Droid’s screen is covered edge to edge with Corning Gorilla Glass, the Moto Z Force Droid uses Motorola's second-generation Moto ShatterShield technology, a five-layer system that starts with an aluminum panel as a base to keep the 5.5-inch AMOLED screen from flexing. Two separate touch layers above the display provide redundancy in case one of the layers is damaged. A clear, flexible lens, likely made from a polycarbonate, is next. A second protective lens with a proprietary hardcoat completes the display stack. This assembly improves the screen's resistance to cracking or shattering if dropped, which Motorola backs by a four-year warranty.. The new Moto Z Droids’ specifications and hardware are impressive but not that much different than what’s currently available with other flagships. To make its new phones more enticing, Motorola made them modular. The idea of easily swappable accessories that extend a phone’s functionality shows promise but has not fully materialized—at least not yet. Will Motorola’s Moto Z and its modular accessories, called Moto Mods, prove useful or will they just be another wacky idea that goes nowhere?. Please log in or sign up to comment.. osxandwindows - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. I'm glad anandtech is speeding up with their reviews. Ironchef3500 - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. Mugur - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. Well, they said that the 1060 review was to be expected last Friday... ImSpartacus - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. powerarmour - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. With a bit of luck HL3 will be out soon also. ddriver - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. It wasn't due "last friday" it was due "next friday", you know, tomorrow never comes, because tomorrow it is always tomorrow. Eden-K121D - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. dhotay - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. Companies don't need to solicit Anandtech/Purch with payola for products that are flying off the shelves. ImSpartacus - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. Dennis Travis - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - link. When Anand ran Anandtech the same accusations were thrown at him. Anandtech has never taken $$$ for a review. Yet people keep accusing them of doing so. IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola moto z force droid. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola moto z force droid. Save motorola moto z force droid to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola moto z force droid to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. motorola moto z force droid :. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT-1650M 32GB Verizon Wireless Factory Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M 32GB Black/Lunar Grey Verizon Factory Unlock. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Verizon Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone Gold. 1 new & refurbished from $259.95. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 32GB Black (Verizon) GREAT *Very Burnt*. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon) A-Grade. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 Verizon CARRIER - 32GB (CW4611). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Verizon 32GB Black/Lunar Grey (Factory Unlocked). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT-1650M 32GB Verizon Wireless Factory Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 BLACK Verizon ATT TMobile Unlocked 7339700. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 - 32GB - Gold / White (Verizon) A-Grade. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Droid Moto Z Force Droid Black Lunar Grey XT1650 BUNDLE. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola XT1650M Moto Z Force Droid Verizon Unlocked 32GB Smartphone Cell Phone. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola XT1650M XT1650-02 MOTO Z Force Droid SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 32GB Black/Grey (Verizon) Good *Burnt*. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M 32GB (Factory Unlocked Verizon Wireless). Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) WORLDWIDE SHIPPING!. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - (Verizon, UNLOCKED ) CLEAR. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB - Black/Rose Gold (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid (XT1650-02) 32GB Black (Verizon) Clean ESN 14897. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 32GB Black/Lunar Grey Smartphone Unlocked. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 BLACK Verizon ATT TMobile Unlocked 7339699. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Moto Z Force Case, Moto Z Force Droid Case, DURARMOR [Drop Protection] Hybrid Sh. For Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition XT1650M Holster Hybrid Case CoverSkin. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid BUNDLE XT1650M - 32GB - Black FACTORY UNLOCKED. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon)... 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon) Smartpho. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB Black/Lunar Grey & White/Gold Verzion. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 64GB - White / Gold (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon)... 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 32GB Black Verizon Clean ESN - See Notes. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid 32GB Black XT1650-02 *Verizon - Unlocked* Tested. Fair Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 XT1650-02 32GB Black (Verizon) Free Ship. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Unlocked - Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB - Gold/White (Verizon) Good Cond!. 1 new & refurbished from $259.95. Unlocked - Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 - 32GB - Black/Grey (Verizon) See Pics (8943). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. For Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635 Hard TPU Black Bumper Case Cover + Pen. Moto Z Force Case American Flag,Gifun [Anti-Slide] and [Drop Protection] Clear S. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid (32GB) Black (Verizon) LCD Burn Clean ESN/IMEI 11577. 1 new & refurbished from $259.95. MOTOROLA MOTO Z FORCE DROID XT1650-02 32GB VERIZON-CELL-S EE DESCRIPTION BW8267. Unlocked Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon) Smartph…. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 (Verizon Unlocked) - Read Full Description #89Y62. Moto Z Force Droid Black XT1650-02 32GB(Verizon)E SN Clear-Very Good Shape(VG586). Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 - 32GB - Black (Verizon) See Pics (8805). Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 - 32GB - Gold/White (Verizon) See Pics (8672). 1 new & refurbished from $199.95. Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 (Verizon Unlocked) - Read Full Description #28H52. Unlocked Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650-02 32GB Gold/White (Verizon) BAD ESN. 1 new & refurbished from $259.95. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - Gold/White (Verizon) - GOOGLE ACCOUNT! CLEAN ESN. Please Read Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M 32GB Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon). 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M, 32GB, Verizon Wireless, Used. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon) Smartph…. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650- 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon) Smartph…. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650 - 32GB - Black(Verizon) Smartphone 8/10. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB White/Fine Gold (Verizon) XT1650M Smartphone. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid - 32GB - Black/Lunar Grey (Verizon) Condition- B. 12 new & refurbished from $183.99. Moto Z2 Force Case, As-Guard Ultra [Slim Thin] Flexible TPU Soft Skin... [2-Pack] Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Tempered Glass Screen Protector,... 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. New in Verizon Retail Box with Pre-installed SIM Card. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fast Free Shipping - USPS Priority Mail 1-3 days .. Customs services and international tracking provided. New in box XT1650M with pre-installed Verizon Sim card. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fast Free Shipping - USPS Priority Mail 1-3 days .. with JBL PowerBoost, Hasselblad Camera & Tumi Battery. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Top US Seller - 60 Day Warranty - Ships Free!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Sep 1, 2016. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.28 inches). Extremely high pixel density screen (534 ppi). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Just like the Moto Z, the Moto Z Force can have its functionality augmented by the Moto Mods modular accesories, which snap to the back of the device via magnets. Right now, these include a stereo speaker set, a pico projector, and a huge battery. Or you can simply use a stylish back plate with natural leather, wood, or fabric finish. The "Force" in the phone's name stands for the fact that it features a ShatterSheld display, which is guaranteed not to shatter no matter how many times you drop the handest. In terms of hardware, the Moto Z Force is a beast, boasting plenty of memory and the fastest chip Qualcomm has in stock. All of that, along with the 21MP camera and 3500mAh battery, is packed inside a slim, metal-made body.. Indicates that this field is show only in Full Specs mode. Dimensions: 6.14 x 2.98 x 0.28 inches (155.9 x 75.8 x 6.99 mm). Weight: 5.75 oz (163 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Keys: Right: Volume control, Lock/Unlock key. Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: ShatterShield, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features: Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: Optical image stabilization, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Video calling. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Supported formats: MP3, AAC, FLAC, WAV, M4A (Apple lossless), AMR, OGG, MIDI. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13. Data: LTE-A Cat 9 (450/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Phonebook: Unlimited entries, Caller groups, Multiple numbers per contact, Search by both first and last name, Picture ID, Ring ID. Organizer: Calendar, Alarm, Calculator, World clock, Timer, Stopwatch, Countdown timer. Messaging: SMS, MMS, Threaded view, Predictive text input. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 09 Jun 2016. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto Z Force specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition. $399 Buy. May the Moto Z Force be with you; a Star Wars Moto Mod is coming, but only to China. Get an iPhone 8 or Samsung Galaxy S8 for free (with trade-in) at U.S Cellular on Black Friday. New Moto Mod for wireless charging on sale for $39.99. Moto Mod leaks reveal images of the Moto Power Pack and next-gen Moto Style Shells. New ad for the Moto Z line is even crazier than the first one. Company developing a physical QWERTY keyboard Moto Mod will meet with Lenovo and Verizon. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Find it, buy it and tell us how you really feel.. An all-around great product that's among the best in its category. An all-around great product that's among the best in its category. The Engadget Score is a unique ranking of products based on extensive independent research and analysis by our expert editorial and research teams. The Global Score is arrived at only after curating hundreds, sometimes thousands of weighted data points (such as critic and user reviews).. Think of the Moto Z Force as the Moto Z's big brother: It offers the same premium performance as the regular Z, but adds a larger battery, a camera that performs better in most situations, and a screen that resists damage. All of this makes the Z Force a tantalizing option, especially if you don't care about having an extremely skinny phone. Still, some of the Moto Z's most notable drawbacks apply here too: It's still a Verizon-only device and it doesn't have a headphone jack.. Shattershield keeps the screen in one piece. Moto Mods are elegant and have potential. Camera seems to have software hiccups. There are currently no user reviews associated with this product.. That's okay though because you can add your own review and we'll feature it here.. Moto G5 and G5 Plus | Review. Motorola Moto Z and Z Force Droid Edition Mini Review. Motorola Moto G4 and G4 Plus Mini Review. Review: Motorola Moto Z and Z Force (Droid Edition). Review: Motorola Moto G4 & G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z Force Hands-on. Early Look at the Moto G4 Plus. Droid Turbo 2 & Maxx 2 Hands-On. Hands-on with the New Moto 360s. A US Paralympian designed Team USA's snowboard prosthetics. How Mike Schultz went from pro snowmobiler to Paralympic athlete.. Motorola's 2018 lineup may include an iPhone X lookalike. 5G and AI might also play important roles.. The Moto Z's keyboard mod feels like an imperfect blast from the past. Get ready to relive the Droid days, for better or worse.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Category Apple Watch Apple MacBook Batteries Bluetooth Cables Cases Chargers Cool Gadgets Displays Drones Hands-Free Holders Memory Packaging Pouches Repair Parts Repair Tools Screen Cleaning Screen Protectors Smart Home Speakers Stylus Pens Tempered Glass Universal Device Top Models Apple iPhone SE Apple iPhone 6S Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 8 Plus Apple iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL LG G6 Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Play Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S9+ Brands Carriers. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx. Motorola Moto Z Force - Lightning Shield 0.33mm Tempered Tempered Glass Screen Protector. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force Replacement Holster Clip for Zizo Bolt Case (Only Compatible With Zizo Bolt Cover). ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition MyBat LCD Screen Protector Twin Pack. Have a Question? We can help,live chat now!. Enter Email to receive info on new arrivals, promotions and other cool happenings.. Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy © 2018 MyCoolCell, LLC. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Motorola Moto Z Force Waterproof Bag. Motorola Moto Z Force Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Gray. Motorola Moto Z Force Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Classic Black. Motorola Moto Z Force Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Hazelnut. Motorola Moto Z Force Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Turquoise. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Navy Blue. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Blush. Motorola Moto Z Force My.Carbon 3-in-1 Rugged Case with Belt Clip Holster. Motorola Moto Z Force Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Brown. Motorola Moto Z Force Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Red. Motorola Moto Z Force Studded Laser Cut Crossbody Bag Buckle Closure with Adjustable Strap, Taupe. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Camel. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Coral. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Ivory. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Blush. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Camel. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Cocoa Brown. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Bone. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Black. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Bone. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Navy Blue. Motorola Moto Z Force Vegan Suede Flower Applique Crossbody with Adjustable and Detachable Strap, Cocoa Brown. Motorola Moto Z Force Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Camel. Motorola Moto Z Force Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Gray. Motorola Moto Z Force Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Taupe. 
The Moto Z Force is Motorola's first major flagship phone since being acquired by Lenovo. It features a unique design with modular accessories called "Mods." The Moto Z is the follow-up to the Moto X 2015.. 30+ Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid Tips & Tricks. When getting new devices, it’s important to learn about the capabilities of these devices. Some of which are pretty obvious off the jump, but others require a bit more deep-diving in order to find the features. We’ve already covered what you should do with your new Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid. The Moto Z Force Droid is the bigger brother of Motorola’s new lineup, and Phandroid is back to showcase what sets this device apart from the entry level Moto Z Droid.. stars News & Updates. Best Buy is offering up to $75 off all Moto Mods. One of the best reasons to have a Moto Z phone is the Moto Mod accessories. They can add some really cool functionality to your phone, but the downside is they aren’t cheap.. The latest Moto Mod attaches Alexa to the back of your Moto Z. Motorola’s latest Moto Mod is a doozie. It’s the Moto Smart Speaker, and its whole purpose is to snap Amazon Alexa onto the back of your Moto Z.. Motorola’s official Power Pack Mod for the Moto Z/Force/Play has been delayed until later this spring. The official Motorola Power Pack for the Moto Z was supposed to be due out in March. Now that we’re well into April, you may be wondering what happened to the Moto Mod. Don’t worry, we’ve got the scoop.. Motorola guarantees 12 Moto Mods this year, plans at least 3 years for the tech. Motorola can now guarantee a solid 12 Moto Mods will launch in 2017.. This Moto Mod adds an LED notification strip to your Moto Z. The latest Moto Mod to hit IndieGoGo is very cool. It’s called Edge, and it’s a mod that adds a strip of LED lighting around the edges of your compatible Moto Z.. Android Nougat finally comes to owners of the unlocked Moto Z. Motorola has finally released the Android 7.0 Nougat update for the unlocked Moto Z and Moto Z Force. The update is rolling out in stages, meaning it may take awhile for it to arrive.. This Moto Mod adds wireless charging and an IR blaster for barely any girth [VIDEO]. A Moto Mod maker has been working on a wireless charging mod for Motorola’s Moto Z, and it looks awesome.. This upcoming Moto Mod looks to add shortcuts to your device. A new Moto Mod looks to add more functionality to your Moto Z device with action shortcuts, as well as a touchpad surface that will interact with your smartphone.. Motorola says they want to introduce 4 Moto Mods per quarter next year, 5G mod being one of them. After hearing Motorola wanted to add Tango to the Moto Z in the form of such a mod, it’s not surprising that even more possibilities are being dreamed up.. Motorola practically promises a Moto Mod that will add Tango. Motorola says we’re most “likely” in-store for a Moto Mod that adds Tango support.. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2018. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black Gray for Motorola Moto Z Force. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Vertical Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Vertical Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Heavy Duty Armor Case Belt Clip Holster - Black. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Hybrid Armor T Kickstand Case Cover - Black. Cellet 15W / 3 Amp Rapid Charging CUBE Type C Home Wall Charger for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet High Powered 3 Amp / 15 Watt Type-C USB Car Charger with Extra USB Port Rapid Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Force. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for Motorola Moto Z Force. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for Motorola Moto Z Force. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Braided Type C USB-C Charging Cable 10FT Long Gold for Motorola Moto Z Force. Braided Type C USB-C Charging Cable 10FT Long Silver for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for Motorola Moto Z Force. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for Motorola Moto Z Force. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Posh Genuine Real Leather Premium Luxury MyJacket Wallet Case with Strap for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Green for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Orange for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Pink for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Crocodile Genuine Real Leather MyJacket Wallet Case Flap Phone Pouch for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet 3.1A Dual USB Port Car Charger with Extended 5ft Cable Cable for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet 5V / 25Watt (5.1Amp) 4-Port Fast Rapid Charge USB Desktop Charging Station Travel Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat White for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Fast Car Charger for Motorola Moto Z Force. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Gray for Motorola Moto Z Force. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Green for Motorola Moto Z Force. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - White / Gray for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Retractable 3.5mm Stereo In-Ear Headphones Earbuds Compact - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. 2X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Force. 3X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Force. 4X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Force. 5X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Force. 6X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet 10 Watt/2.1 Amp Dual USB Fast Charging Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Home Travel Wall Charger USB Port - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Car Charger with 2 USB Ports and 1 Car Socket Lighter Adapter White/Gold for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet High Powered Dual USB Port 10Watt (2.1Amp) Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Low Profile 5Watt (1Amp) USB Car Charger - Purple for Motorola Moto Z Force. 2-port White Round Earphone Splitter with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Rotating Display Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Wrap Clip for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Universal Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Universal Phone Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Universal Premium Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Force. Blue Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Universal Tablet & Phone CD Slot Mount for Motorola Moto Z Force. Pink Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Force. Red Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Force. Silver Mobile Speakers for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset with Neckband Earbuds for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Clock for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Lemon for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Skull for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Mini Phone Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Bowknot Mirror for Motorola Moto Z Force. White International Adaptor All-In-One Wall Plug for Motorola Moto Z Force. Windshield Car Holder Black Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto Z Force. Windshield Car Holder White Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Bluetooth Portable Speaker for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Charging Receiver for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Force. Blue Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Force. Gold Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Force. Hot Pink Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Force. Silver Dual Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Red for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Orange for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder with 360 Degree Rotation & Tightening Knob for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Durable Car Air Vent Smartphone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Car Dashboard Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Heavy Duty 360 Degree Swivel Belt Clip Holder Holster Attachment Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Heavy Duty All Weather Bicycle Smartphone Pouch Safe Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Heavy Duty Magnetic Car Phone Mount Holder Attachment for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Smartphone and Tablet Desktop Novelty Office Premium Stand Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Smartphone Durable Bike Bicycle Phone Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Sticky Pad Car Dashboard Windshield Cell Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Windshield Car Holder Smart Phone Mount with Large Suction Cup for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear Black Non-Slip Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Extra Strength Adhesive Multipurpose Mounting Disk Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Quick Charge Fast Rapid USB Wall Home Travel Charger QC 3.0 Phones Tablets for Motorola Moto Z Force. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Super Duty Premium Quick Rapid QC 3.0 Car Charger for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Acu Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Digital for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Digital for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Khaki for Motorola Moto Z Force. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Python for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Space Gray for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Orange for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Pink for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Gold Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Hot Pink Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. White Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Rose Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Silver 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Car CD Slot Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap CD Slot Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Gold for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet 2-Port 4000mAh Portable Charger Power Bank With Suction Cup - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Green for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Pink for Motorola Moto Z Force. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - White for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Genuine Leather Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Pink Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. White Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Rose Gold Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Cellet White Stylus Pen with Laser, LED Light & Ballpoint Pen 4 in 1 for Motorola Moto Z Force. 360 Degree Rotating Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. 360 Degree Rotating Windshield Car Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Sticky Pad Dashboard Car Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Universal Dashboard Stand Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Windshield Desktop Car Mount Clamp Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Gold for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Green for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Purple for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Red for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Silver for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Blue for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Green for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Purple for Motorola Moto Z Force. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. White Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Force. Apple Green Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Force. Blue Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Force. Hot Pink Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Force. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Force. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto Z Force. Black Bicycle Bike Mount Holder Universal Handle Bar Clip GPS Phone for Motorola Moto Z Force. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Home >> Phones >> Motorola >>Moto Z Force. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. The Moto Z Force is the successor the Moto X force which launched in 2015 and features all metal design and bigger battery along with shatter proof screen. It is powered by Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.. - 2.2GHz Quad Core Snapdragon 820 Processor. - 5.5 Inch Quad HD AMOLED Moto ShatterShield Display. - 21 MP CameraDual Tone LED Flash. Lunar Grey, Rose Gold and Fine Gold. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Motorola Moto Z Force User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Moto Z, Moto Z Force With 'Moto Mods' Magnetic Snap-On Back Panels Launched. Gadgets 360 Staff , 10 June 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Moto Mods magnetically connect to the 16 dots at the rear panel. Moto Z and Moto Z Force are almost identical in specifications. The company has not yet announced pricing of the smartphones.. The keynote address of Lenovo Tech World 2016 in San Francisco on Thursday saw the launch of the much-awaited Moto Z and Moto Z Force smartphones. As expected, they were launched with Moto Mods magnetic snap-on back panels with various partners, including JBL and Incipio. Both smartphones feature support for Moto Maker customisation. The company also unveiled the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro , the first Tango smartphone developed in collaboration with Google. The Motorola Moto Z and Moto Z Force will be available globally from September, along with the Moto Mods, which are designed to work with future generations of Moto Z smartphones. In the US, they will be available as the Moto Z Droid and the Moto Z Force Droid this summer on carrier partner Verizon Wireless. The company has not detailed prices of either smartphone, both of which run Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, feature a fingerprint scanner on the home button, sport a USB Type-C port, and omit the 3.5mm headphone jack. However, both smartphones ship with a USB Type-C to 3.5mm adapter. The Moto Z (seen below) is being called the thinnest premium smartphone in the world, at 5.2mm, and is said to be ultra light as well. It features a 5.5-inch QHD Amoled display, and is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC coupled with 4GB of RAM, and a choice of 32GB or 64GB of storage, which is expandable via microSD card (up to 2TB). The new Motorola flagship bears a 13-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and laser autofocus, and 5-megapixel front-facing camera with a wide-angle lens and a front flash. It also sports a water-repellant coating. The company says the smartphone's 2600mAh battery can deliver up to 30 hours of battery life, with TurboPower charging to give 8 hours of battery life in 15 minutes. The Motorola Moto Z Force (seen below), like the Moto X Force , comes with Moto ShatterShield technology for its display, which the company says will not crack or shatter. It is nearly identical otherwise, except for the the larger 3500mAh battery, which is rated to provide up to 40 hours of battery life. With TurboPower charging, it is said to provide 15 hours of battery life in just a 15-minute charge. It also bears a 21-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilisation, phase detection autofocus (PDAF), and laser autofocus. The Moto Mods (seen below, correspondingly), which connect to the 16 dots at the rear, will at launch include the JBL SoundBoost, the Moto Insta-Share Projector (meant to deliver a 70-inch projector experience), and the Power Pack (said to provide up to 22 hours of additional battery life). Style Shells will also be available, and offer finishes like real wood, leather, and fabric.. Apart from Moto Z series handsets and the Phab 2 Pro, Lenovo at its Tech World 2016 event also showcased the Lenovo Phab 2 and Lenovo Phab 2 Plus budget and mid-range phablets.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Moto Z Reportedly Starts Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Moto Z, Moto Z Force to Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat This Week. Moto Z to Launch in India This Festive Season, Lenovo Executive Confirms. Moto Z, Moto Z Force With 'Moto Mods' Magnetic Snap-On Back Panels Launched. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Well-conceived ecosystem of Moto Mods accessories Great screen Good specs and overall performance Slim and lightweight Bad Hybrid SIM slot Gets a bit hot when under stress Fingerprint sensor placement causes confusion Relatively expensive. Read detailed Motorola Moto Z review. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro vs Moto Z vs OnePlus 3T: Which One Should You Buy?. Moto Z Gets New Mods - 3000mAh Mophie Battery Pack and Incipio Car Dock. Moto Z, Moto Z Force to Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat This Week. Moto Z, Moto Z Play Now Available in India: Price, Specifications, and More. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Lenovo , Lenovo Tech World , Lenovo Tech World 2016 , Mobiles , Motorola , Moto Z , Moto Z Force , Moto Z Force Specifications , Moto Z Specifications. Gadgets 360 Staff Email Staff. If you email me, a human will respond. Lenovo Phab 2 Pro 'Tango' Smartphone With 4 Cameras, 6.4-Inch Display Launched. Orbital Episode 9: Euro 2016 Special - FIFA 16 vs PES 2016. Moto Z, Moto Z Force With 'Moto Mods' Magnetic Snap-On Back Panels Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Motorola Moto Z Force comes with a fingerprint scanner and water repellent nano coating. The Moto Z Force flaunts a 5.5-inch QHD AMOLED display, Snapdragon 820 quad-core chipset, and 4GB of RAM, 32GB and 64GB storage options, which can be expanded up to 2TB using a microSD card. Connectivity options include 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1, and NFC.. Camera 21 MP with f/1.8 aperture, OIS, laser auto-focus, PDAF support, dual CCT flash. Internal Memory 32 GB/64 GB, 4GB RAM. It the best flagship phone ever. Full Specifications of Motorola Moto Z Force. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Resolution QHD (2560 x 1440 pixels). Internal Memory 32 GB/64 GB, 4GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 2TB. Camera resolution 21 MP with f/1.8 aperture, OIS, laser auto-focus, PDAF support, dual CCT flash. Camera Video Features 4K Video Recording. Secondary Camera 5 MP with f/2.2 aperture. Moto Z2 Force expected to launch tomorrow: Here's all you need to know. Moto Z2 Force with Snapdragon 835 SoC, 6GB RAM spotted on AnTuTu. Moto Z2 Force leaked press render shows off dual-rear camera setup, unibody design and more. Moto Z2 Force leaked renders hint at the return of 3.5mm audio jack. Moto E4 Plus renders leaked; 5,000mAh battery all but confirmed. More on Motorola Moto Z Force. Motorola Moto Z Force Reviews in India. Motorola Moto Z Force Features & Specs. Motorola Moto Z Force Vs Motorola Moto Z Play. Motorola Moto Z Force Vs Samsung Galaxy S8. Motorola Moto Z Force Vs LG G5. Motorola Moto Z Force Vs Motorola Droid Turbo 2. 13,999 Buy Now. 27,999 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Motorola Moto Z Force. me and my lot of friends are waiting for this divice to launch so that we could get our hands on it but it seems we have to go for something else......... Review on: Motorola Moto Z Force. me and my lot of friends are waiting for this divice to launch so that we could get our hands on it but it seems we have to go for something else......... Review on: Motorola Moto Z Force. me and my lot of friends are waiting for this divice to launch so that we could get our hands on it but it seems we have to go for something else......... Review on: Motorola Moto Z Force. Ash Dude on Nov 06, 2016. We have the moto z series like moto z and zplay but moto z force is not available in india .Due to it being Verizon exclusive i can't use it or ..... Review on: Motorola Moto Z Force. Superb thats amazing to hear for owning a new technolised smartphone phone of my choice. Deepak Gupta on Jul 24, 2017 12:13 PM. Lenovo's Motorola Mobility is expected to hold a launch .... Maitrayee Iyer on Jul 09, 2017 02:57 PM. The Moto Z2 Force would be successor to the Moto Z Force, .... Marcia Sekhose on May 19, 2017 10:10 PM. The Moto Z2 Force bears similar design to the previously .... Maitrayee Iyer on Apr 18, 2017 11:36 AM. The Moto Z2 Force is expected to feature a thin band that .... Rutu Ladage on Apr 17, 2017 01:11 PM. The Moto E4 Plus’s design is unlikely to be very .... Write a Review on Motorola Moto Z Force. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched #Energizer buff.ly/2F7LvGW https://t.co/b1whuD2uuo. @Apple #iPhoneX available with Rs 20,000 buyback, free screen replacement for 6 months buff.ly/2FvGRjJ https://t.co/JaTyUQjA5I. Samsung #GalaxyS9 : Top 5 features in 2018's newest flagship smartphone @SamsungMobile … buff.ly/2FxgtpE. 
