Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. — Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. — Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. — Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. — Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. — Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. — Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. — Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. $ 0.00 / 0 items. Choose an option AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Unlocked. Choose an option Excellent Good Cracked Glass Broken Clear. It’s easy to sell your Moto Z2 Force Droid for cash with The Whiz Cells.. Simply tell us your wireless carrier and the condition of your Moto Z2 Force Droid. Review your cash offer below, and receive payment within one business day when you use your own packaging!. Boxes are also available upon request.. Original Packaging ( $ 1.00 ). ***NOTE: This quote is valid for 20 days and will expire on 03/18/2018. Tags: force , moto z force droid , moto z force , z2 force , moto force droid .. Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. – Business Cell Phone Recycling in Bulk. – Recycling Your Mobile Devices with The Whiz Cells. – Recycling Old Cell Phones for Cash. – Sell Your Broken Phone Or Tablet For Cash. – Sell Your Bad ESN or IMEI Phone. – Sell Your iPad & iPhone Online. – Things to Consider When Buying or Selling a Used Smartphone. $ 0.00 / 0 items. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 18(800), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 34(2000), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500), 46. 155.8 x 76 x 6.1 mm (6.13 x 2.99 x 0.24 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~534 ppi density). Android 7.1.1 (Nougat), planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Octa-core (4x2.35 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 64/128 GB, 6 GB RAM or 64 GB, 4 GB RAM. Dual: 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.9", 1.25 µm), phase detection & laser autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60/120fps, 720p@240fps, check quality. 5 MP, f/2.2, dual-LED dual-tone flash. - 3.5 mm to USB-C headphone adapter incl. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. 4.2, A2DP, EDR, LE (5.0 after SW update), aptX. Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB On-The-Go; magnetic connector. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Super Black, Fine Gold, Lunar Grey. Basemark OS II: 4363 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 3609 Basemark X: 38615. Voice 68dB / Noise 70dB / Ring 86dB. Also known as Motorola Moto z Force Edition (2nd gen.). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto Z2 Force - user opinions and reviews. Offcourse moto z2 force is better because it has snapdrangon 835 moto g5 plus has 625 but i will suggest u oneplus 5t. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto X4 OnePlus 5T Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Samsung Galaxy S8. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. A great phone, despite the mods. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Moto Z2 Force is really thin, with a fast processor and great battery life. It can survive drops without shattering. The new dual rear cameras have some cool features we haven't seen before.. The Bad It's a really high price for a phone that doesn't do anything terribly new or exciting. The modular accessories are sometimes fun, but generally not worth the hassle. There's also no headphone jack, and it's more splash-resistant than water-resistant.. The Bottom Line Motorola's step-up sequel to the Moto Z2 has great features and solid design, but the competition in this price range is about to get fierce.. That shatter-resistant display doesn't mean scratch-resistant. The Moto Z2 Force ( $756.00 at Best Buy ) is a really good phone, and that has nothing to do with its mods.. The phone to beat? Hard to tell.. Motorola's newest premium phone, the Moto Z2 Force, arrives at a strange time. The biggest and best phones of the year are right around the corner, most likely: Samsung's Galaxy Note 8 , the next iPhone (or, iPhones) and an expected Google Pixel 2 .. Meet the drop-resistant Moto Z2 Force and its crazy mods. Where does that leave the Z2 Force? The sequel to last year's Z and Z Force phones is thin with a sharp design and very good specs. In several significant ways -- processor, camera and display -- it's a step up from the excellent midrange Moto Z2 Play. And, it adds Motorola's shatter-resistant ShatterShield, a feature that used to be a Verizon exclusive on the older Z Force .. It's also compatible with Motorola's snap-on MotoMods, an idea that seemed bold last year but now feels like it's treading water, as the idea of modular phones has migrated to niche status on such specialty handsets as Essential and Red's Hydrogen .. Forget about the mods, just focus on the phone. The Moto Z2 Force is great. Starting at a whopping $730, it's a premium-priced phone, and it will get a lot of competition very soon.. "ShatterShield" sounds like "impact-proof," but really it means "won't break when you drop it accidentally from 4 or 5 feet." I dropped the Z2 Force a handful of times on concrete, face first. It survived, but it doesn't look pretty. The aluminum case got very dinged up, and some parts of the display were mega-scuffed. We did an even deeper drop-test : and the results lined up with my experience. That said, we would agree that the screen is effectively crack-proof under all but the most outlandish conditions.. After a few drops, scratches were definitely present.. Also, the Z2 Force lacks water resistance. Its nano-coating is meant to survive splashes, but it's not so dunk-friendly as many phones are now, including the iPhone 7 ( $679.99 at Amazon.com ) and Samsung Galaxy S8 ( $597.42 at Amazon.com ) .. Two 12-megapixel cameras on the back are Motorola's first foray into dual cameras, joining the iPhone 7 Plus , LG G6 , OnePlus 5 and others. A few new features come aboard with them. One of the two cameras is monochrome, one color. A truer black-and-white mode claims better black-and-white photos. Shots did look great, but I never had problems shooting black-and-white before with a filter. More impressive is the camera's mixing of black-and-white and color shots, but again, honestly, you could just use an app to the same effect.. A photo of myself with the rear cam, using depth effect.. A new depth mode mimics that popular bokeh-type effect, but the results I got ranged from acceptable to way too artificial.. Camera quality, in my time using it so far, seemed good, but not always great. I had some autofocus issues, and low light performance wasn't stellar. Extra controls over manual focus, white balance, shutter speed, ISO and exposure compensation help.. Trying to transpose the background to a black and white shot of a cafe using Depth Editing didn't work out well.. Also, an in-beta depth-editing mode allows some neat but rough-edged tricks. Depth-enabled photos can be re-edited for different in- or out-of-focus adjustments. You can also keep the foreground color and turn the background black and white, or vice versa. Or replace the background of a photo with something else, like on-the-fly Photoshop. My attempt to transpose myself to a nearby cafe backdrop looked pretty bad (the camera didn't resolve my outline well; see above).. Hot Products. The best iPhone asks you to think different. Google Home Mini sounds great but lacks vision.. Google Pixel 2 XL: What we know so far. August's affordable Smart Lock is solid, even sans Siri. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Moto Z2 Force. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (47). Available: Verizon , AT&T , T-Mobile , Sprint , U.S. Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. Small dimensions (6.13 x 2.99 x 0.24 inches). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.24 inches). Extremely high pixel density screen (534 ppi). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Moto’s Z line of devices is defined by its support for Moto mods, Lenovo’s answer to the modular smartphone craze. And the Z2 Force Edition, which is the company’s only flagship of the year, offers full support for the whole line of accessories, which take the form of snappable backs. Just like last year’s Z Force, it features a ShatterShield display, which Moto guarantees won’t shatter no matter what. Powering the Z2 Force Edition is Qualcomm’s current best-in-line chip, with either 4 or 6 GB of RAM in tow. This is also the first Moto handset to feature a dual camera, with two 12 MP sensors — one monochrome and one color. And despite carrying the Force branding, the phone does not feature its predecessor’s large battery capacity, which has instead been reduced to just 2,730 mAh.. Moto Z2 Force Review Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition manual Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.13 x 2.99 x 0.24 inches (155.8 x 76 x 6.1 mm). Weight: 5.04 oz (143 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: ShatterShield, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (12-megapixel), Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features: Manual focus, Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2450 MHz, Kryo 280, 64-bit, 10 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Pro Cat 16 (1000/150 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: NFC, VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 25 Jul 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 800. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition. Moto Z2 Force Edition news. AT&T kicks off Android 8.0 Oreo rollout for the Moto Z2 Force. Moto Z2 Force to be unveiled in India on February 15th; phone will come with a free TurboPower Pack. The Moto Z2 Force ShatterShield display won't crack, but it will peel (UPDATE). Verizon offers new BOGO deals on four of its best Android phones starting tomorrow. Moto Z2 Force now comes with a free Amazon Alexa speaker, and 2 months of Amazon Music Unlimited. Verizon offers up to $450 off certain high-end Android phones for new customers with a select trade. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Z2 Force Edition is a powerful phone with a modular design that takes advantage of Motorola's useful Moto Mods accessories. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. Easy to scratch plastic display cover. The Z2 Force Edition is a powerful phone with a modular design that takes advantage of Motorola's useful Moto Mods accessories.. Moto Mods are here to stay. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force ($756 as tested) is a powerful phone in its own right, but its true potential is unleashed when you snap a Moto Mod accessory onto the back, which can add functionality ranging from extended battery life to 360-degree image and video capture. That said, buying multiple Mods can get costly, and on its own, the Z2 Force doesn't offer anything particularly special. If you're looking for the complete package out of the box, the Samsung Galaxy S8 offers the best you can get when it comes to design, hardware, and features, and remains our Editors' Choice.. Available in black (pictured here), gold, and gray (which is exclusive to T-Mobile), the Z2 Force sticks to the same design formula as the Z2 Play released earlier this year. It shares the same all-metal build, protruding rear camera, and magnetic attachment points for Moto Mods on the back. While support for Moto Mods is what makes the phone unique, it also forces it to use a design that looks a bit dated when placed next to the gorgeous, bezel-free Galaxy S8.. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. Measuring in at 6.13 by 2.99 by 0.24 inches (HWD) and 5.04 ounces, the Z2 Force is slimmer and lighter than last year's Z Force Droid (6.14 by 2.98 by 0.27, 5.74 ounces). Of course, we're only talking about fractions of an inch here, so your hand isn't likely to notice much of a difference. Compared with the tall and narrow Galaxy S8 (5.86 by 2.68 by 0.31 inches, 5.47 ounces), it's not as easy to use with one hand, especially if you're using a hefty Moto Mod.. On the right side you'll find clicky volume buttons and a ridged power button. The top has a SIM/microSD card slot that worked fine with a 256GB card. The bottom is home to a USB-C charging port. Like its predecessor, the Z2 Force lacks a headphone jack. You'll have to use the included dongle or a pair of Bluetooth headphones .. The bottom bezel is home to a fingerprint sensor. Using Moto Actions, you can enable One Button Navigation, which allows you to use swipe gestures on the fingerprint sensor in place of onscreen navigation buttons. Other Actions include chopping the phone with your hand (lightly) twice to turn on the flashlight, and twisting your wrist to activate the camera. Motorola's custom voice commands are also built in, so you can say "show me" as an activation phrase to access information about your calendar, the weather, and various apps. It works fine, but it doesn't differentiate itself from what Google Assistant already offers.. Moto Z2 Force Edition (left), Z2 Play (right). The Z2 Force is covered in a water-repellent coating that can withstand rain and splashes, but it isn't fully waterproof like the Galaxy S8 and many other flagships on the market.. The phone's 5.5-inch Super AMOLED display is covered with shatter-resistant plastic. It withstood several drops on the hard rubberized floor in PC Labs, as well as some drops on a wooden deck outdoors without cracking, though the plastic coating picked up scratches quite easily.. The display features 2,560-by-1,440 resolution that works out to 534 pixels per inch (ppi). It's just about as sharp as the Galaxy S8's screen (570ppi), and easily surpasses 1080p displays like you find on the OnePlus 5 (401ppi). Because it's AMOLED, you get dense, inky blacks and rich, saturated colors along with excellent viewing angles. The screen doesn't get quite as bright as the Galaxy S8, but it's still easily visible outdoors. In direct sunlight the plastic layer is a bit reflective and highlights the scratches, however.. Under Display Settings, you can choose between Standard or Vibrant modes to increase or decrease color saturation. Interestingly, there's an option for you to reduce blur when the device is in VR mode, possibly hinting at a future Moto Mod.. Other display features include One-Handed mode, which shrinks to screen down to one corner to make it easier to reach across with your thumb, and Split Screen mode, which lets you run two apps side by side. Active Display shows you the date, time, notifications, and gives you access to media controls automatically when you pick up the phone, and Night Display adjusts color temperature at night to reduce the blue light that supposedly impacts your sleep.. Moto Mods , the collection of modular back panels developed by Motorola and third parties , are evolving. There are now nearly a dozen Mods to choose from, including the Moto TurboPower Pack battery ($79.99), the Insta -Share Projector ($299.99), and the Hasselblad True Zoom Camera ($299.99). The new Moto 360 Camera ($299.99) lets you capture photos and 4K video from all angles.. Moto Mods are the most inutitive modular phone accessory platform we've seen to date. They snap right onto the back of the Z2 Force magnetically, and the phone instantly recognizes which one it is and reacts accordingly. Most of them aren't cheap, however, so keep that in mind before buying in.. The Moto Z2 Force Edition is available on all major US carriers, with a GSM unlocked version for AT&T and T-Mobile, a Sprint model, and a Verizon model. The Verizon phone we tested supports LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/812/13/17/20/25/26/28/66. We recorded excellent network performance in midtown Manhattan, with a top speed of 44.5Mbps down and 35.2Mbps up. Because the phone has a Snapdragon 835 processor, it'll support gigabit LTE once it starts rolling out.. The phone also supports dual-band Wi-Fi (2.4GHz and 5GHz), NFC, and Bluetooth 4.2. According to Motorola, it will use Bluetooth 5.0 after the Android O update.. Transmissions have a clear, natural tone and noise cancellation is excellent. Like the Z2 Play and G5 Plus , the earpiece doubles as a speaker. It's very loud for phone calls , but rather tinny for everything else. If you're concerned about audio quality, remember the JBL SoundBoost 2 Moto Mod is available for $79.99.. The Moto Z2 Force is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor clocked at 2.35GHz, the same as you'll find in most current flagship phones. It scored 167,568 on the AnTuTu benchmark, which is a measure of overall system performance. That's actually a bit faster than the Galaxy S8 (158,266) due to a lighter UI layer.. With 4GB of RAM and a minimal skin, multitasking is a breeze and you won't notice any slowdown or stuttering when switching between apps. Demanding games like GTA: San Andreas also run without issue.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The phone clocked 7 hours, 57 minutes in our battery rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. That's longer than the Galaxy S8 (5 hours, 45 minutes), the LG G6 (5 hours, 57 minutes), and the HTC U11 (7 hours, 1 minute). If you need even more juice, you can snap on the Moto TurboPower Pack Mod to add a 3,490mAh battery that should more than double your usage time. The phone also supports proprietary fast charging, and we were able to charge it to full in a little over an hour.. Dual-sensor cameras are all the rage these days, and fittingly the Z2 Force has two 12-megapixel rear sensors. One is a regular RGB sensor and the other is monochrome, similar to the setup on the Honor 8. This combination lets you control depth of field to create a bokeh effect that blurs out the background while highlighting the foreground, or to shoot in true black-and-white without resorting to desaturating color information the way single-sensor phones do. Overall, the Z2 Force stacks up quite nicely against the Galaxy S8, which we consider to be the best camera phone on the market. Test shots taken outdoors and in good lighting were excellent, with plenty of detail and minimal noise. The main difference appears in color reproduction — the S8 has darker, more saturated greens, while colors on the Z2 Force skew a bit more yellow. Since both phones offer manual controls, these are things you can tweak by adjusting ISO and white balance.. The real test comes in lower lighting. In a head-to-head comparison outdoors on a cloudy day (pictured above) and indoors (below), the S8 narrowly edges out the Z2 Force in terms of detail and color accuracy. The S8 also focused and snapped pictures faster and with less lag between shots.. Video recording showed the biggest differences. With both phones recording 4K video at 30fps, the S8 was more stable, benefitting from optical image stabilization. The Z2 Force was noticeably jittery when panning around, though video quality was still quite strong overall.. The Moto's 5-megapixel front-facing camera takes good shots. Its resolution isn't as high as the 8-megapixel sensor on the S8, but quality is comparable overall. And once again, don't forget about the Moto Mods. The aforementioned Moto 360 Camera and Hasselblad True Zoom add advanced imaging functionality you simply can't expect out of a phone itself.. The Z2 Force comes running Android 7.1.1 Nougat , and Motorola has confirmed it will receive an update to Android O in the future. The company has applied a custom UI layer, but aside from Moto Mod support and the core Moto features mentioned earlier (Moto Actions, Moto Display, and Moto Voice), this is a relatively pure Android experience.. Verizon has preloaded a dozen of its own apps onto the phone. Out of 64GB of internal storage, you're left with 40.9GB available for use. That's plenty for apps and photos, but if you're planning to record a lot of 4K video, you might want to add a microSD card.. In many ways the Moto Z2 Force Edition matches the Galaxy S8 feature for feature while adding support for truly useful add-on accessories. If you're sold on the Moto Mod idea, the Z2 Force Edition is the most powerful phone with which you can use them. But the price of Moto Mods can add up quickly, and you're already dropping over $700 on the phone itself. If you simply want the best device you can get out of the box, the Samsung Galaxy S8 offers a slightly more polished experience all around. And if you want to save some money, the OnePlus 5 gets you the same powerful hardware and a dual-sensor camera with optical zoom for nearly half the price.. Bottom Line: The Z2 Force Edition is a powerful phone with a modular design that takes advantage of Motorola's useful Moto Mods accessories.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto Z2 Force. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto Z2 Force smartphone was launched in July 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels. Motorola Moto Z2 Force price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force is powered by 2.35GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor and it comes with 6GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 200GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto Z2 Force packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force runs Android 8.0 and is powered by a 2730mAh non removable battery. It measures 155.80 x 76.00 x 6.10 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 143.00 grams. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good value for money Bad Tends to get warm under load. Front glass picks up scratches easily. Read detailed Motorola Moto Z2 Force review. Moto Z2 Force and Moto TurboPower Mod Review. Moto Z2 Force With Bundled TurboPower Pack Moto Mod Launched in India: Price, Specifications. Moto Z2 Force India Launch Set for Today, How to Watch Live Stream. Moto Z2 Force to Launch in India on February 15 With Moto TurboPower Pack Mod. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Price in India Moto Z2 Force (Super Black, 64GB 6GB RAM) Rs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force detailed specifications. Release date July 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 155.80 x 76.00 x 6.10 Weight (g) 143.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2730 Removable battery No Colours Super Black. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels. Processor 2.35GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 RAM 6GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 200. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 2 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Shubham Nalawade | 20 Feb 2018. I really like it to motoZ2.Its features is very good like Internal Storage,RAM, battery backup and work is fast.. I am using the motoZ2 mobile phone result is good.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto Z2 Force to launch on Feb 15 with TurboPower Pack in India. By Nikhil Kashyap | 13 Feb 2018. Moto Z2 Force is all set to launch on Feb 15th in India, Stick with us to know more about the device in detail click on link http://www.6miles.info/2018/02/moto-z2-force.html. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto Z2 Force and Moto TurboPower Mod Review. Moto Z2 Force With Bundled TurboPower Pack Moto Mod Launched in India: Price, Specifications. Moto Z2 Force India Launch Set for Today, How to Watch Live Stream. Moto Z2 Force to Launch in India on February 15 With Moto TurboPower Pack Mod. Moto Z2 Force Reported to Have the OnePlus 5-Like 'Jelly Scrolling Effect'. Moto Z2 Force With ShatterShield Display, 6GB of RAM Launched Alongside Moto 360 Camera Mod. Moto Z2 Force Live Images Leak, Tip Dual Camera Setup. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Turbo Sony Xperia Xz1 vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Play LG K10a 2018 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs. Motorola Google Nexus 6 Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Motorola Moto G5s Plus vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Apple iPhone 8 vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto Z2 Force in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto Z2 Force - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Features the new industry standard, reversible USB Type-C connector. Advanced power smart detection that identifies the device’s maximum charging speeds. Smart IC chip technology prevents devices from overcharging, overheating and over current. LED indicator to ensure your device is properly connected for charging. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). Motorola Moto Z2 Force -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP USB-Type-C Wall Charger and Cable Combo SA-EP-TA300CWEGUJ, White. Super fast recharge for your Samsung Galaxy. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Type-C Reversible Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your device to a Mac or Windows PC. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Pink. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Black. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, White. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Cellet 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Retractable Car Charger, Black. 15 watts / 3 amps output. Reversible USB Type-C hassle free design. Advanced power smart detection identifies device’s max charging speed and smart IC chip technology provides protection against overcharging, overheating and over current. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Motorola Moto Z2 Force -Type-C Mini Phone Fan, Hot Pink. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=19408. The Moto Z2 Force is a semi-rugged — and yet stylish — flagship smartphone from Motorola. This sleek handset boasts dual cameras, top specs, and a nearly unbreakable "ShatterShield" screen. Moreover, it is fully compatible with Motorola's Moto Mods ecosystem of modular accessories and comes with the latest Android software innovations from Motorola. The Z2 Force aims high and will be widely available from U.S. Despite moving the needle forward, Motorola still managed to bungle at least one aspect of this phone. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Motorola's 2017 flagship, the Moto Z2 Force, merges the best parts of its 2016 smartphones into a single handset. If you are invested in Motorola's ecosystem of Moto Mods accessories — or just want a really good high-end phone — the Moto Z2 Force is a fine all-around performer.. The external elements that differentiate last year's Moto Z phones from this year's are few and far between. For all intents and purposes, these phones share most physical design characteristics and basic features, such as their footprint and compatibility with Moto Mods accessories. Only the internal specs, real-world performance, and price tags truly set them apart. The latter is likely the only one of these that matters to consumers standing in a wireless retail shop on any given Saturday. To the naked eye, they all look almost the same.. The 2016 Moto Z was Motorola's design centerpiece, an impossibly thin smartphone that introduced the Moto Mods ecosystem. It was joined by the Moto Z Force, a tougher — but thicker and heavier — smartphone with Motorola's unbreakable ShatterShield technology. Together they delivered a one-two punch, presenting consumers with an impossible choice: sleek and sexy, or brawny and long-lasting.. The Moto Z2 Force, this year's flagship, splits the middle.. Motorola told us that more people opted for the tougher Z Force last year. Given that broken screens are the most common damage sustained by smartphones, the idea of a hardened display appealed to people more so than the razor-thin profile of the Z. Motorola is thus moving forward with a single Z-branded flagship rather than two.. The Z2 Force is a high-end smartphone made mostly of metal. The phone boasts a 2.5D curved front, a rounded metal frame, and a new metal rear plate. I really like the chamfered edges of the frame and the more curved shape that, together, make the Z2 Force comfortable against the palm of your hand. The design of the rear panel, installed within a polycarbonate sub frame, is much like that of the mid-range Z2 Play. The Z2 Force, however, has higher-quality series 7000 aluminum on the rear that is made all the more attractive with a brushed texture. Notably, the Z2 Force does away with the fussy glass panel that covered the rear of last year's phone. This simplifies the design while at the same time unifies its family resemblance with that of the Z2 Play. The phone comes in black, gray (exclusive to T-Mobile), and gold, and each color has its own appeal.. The Z2 Force is smaller and lighter than this year's Z2 Play and last year's Z Force, but that's not saying much. The difference in size here is measured in hundredths of an inch. The Z2 Force is still more than 6 inches tall and about 3 inches wide. The thickness is an appealing 6.1mm, which is beefier than the Z, but trimmer than the Z Force. If there's one dimension that may be off-putting to potential purchasers, it is probably the width. Any phone that stretches across 3 inches is harder to hold no matter how thin a profile it boasts. The Z2 Force may be too large for some, and is often a two-handed phone even for those with larger hands. I found the phone was a fine traveling companion; I never had any trouble cramming it into pockets, packs, or bags.. The materials and build quality are about the best I've seen from Motorola. The plastic and metal body pieces look and feel great. I really like the way the 2.5D panel fits into the metal frame. The same is true of the polycarbonate band that affixes the rear metal plate to the chassis. Motorola eliminated the uncomfortable, sharp edges from last year's model. The Z2 Force stops short of being as impressive as the LG G6 or Samsung Galaxy S8, (both of which have better designs, in my opinion,) but it's clearly a well-made, high-quality piece of hardware.. The Z2 Force carries over the shape of its predecessors, which means it has broadly rounded corners and slightly curved top and bottom edges. The user-facing camera is fairly obvious off to the left of the earpiece, while the two-tone LED flash really stands out to the right.. I wish the bezels around the screen were much narrower. They're not bad along the sides, but the non-screen areas above and below the display are much larger than the corresponding areas on the LG G6 and Samsung S8. Motorola has yet to adopt the 2:1 aspect ratio like its competitors. When asked why not, Motorola said it is still evaluating what types of displays could be compatible with the body shape and size that the Moto Mods system requires. Moto didn't rule out 2:1 screens, but seems in no hurry to adopt them.. Like other Moto phones this year, the Z2 Force's fingerprint reader, just below the display, doubles as a navigation tool. You'll need to turn the feature using the Moto App. Once activated, the fingerprint reader acts like a trackpad and allows you to navigate back or access the app switcher when you swipe left or right, respectively. When you turn on the fingerprint reader navigation controls, the screen-based nav buttons go away. This lets you recover screen real estate, but using the fingerprint reader / trackpad for on-screen navigation really takes practice to master.. The remaining physical controls are tucked high on the right edge of the phone. The lowest of the three is the screen lock key. It has a ridged texture to help differentiate it from the other two buttons. I'd call the button a little small, but the travel and feedback are very good. The volume controls are separate buttons above the screen lock key. Motorola put a significant gap between the two, which helps your thumb effortlessly tell them apart. These buttons have smooth profiles and good travel and feedback.. The tray for the SIM and memory cards is on the top edge. The left edge is free from controls. The USB-C port is located on the bottom. There is no 3.5mm headphone jack.. The rear panel is much more attractive than last year's phone, which had a weird, ridged glass panel that I didn't like. The brushed aluminum of the Z2 Force is far more appealing. The camera module has the same size and shape of other Moto Mod-compatible phones, but it has entirely new imaging components within (two lenses and a two-tone flash.) Just like the Z2 Play, the stylized "M" Motorola logo on the Z2 Force is not etched into the metal; rather, it is a plastic insert that ensures the NFC radio can function properly. Motorola did a good job matching the appearance of the plastic insert to that of the surrounding metal.. Motorola's proprietary magnetic module connector is positioned near the bottom of the rear panel. The magnets feel incredibly strong and clingy, though it is still easy to pry Mods off when you want to. Both existing and new Mods fit on the Z2 Force perfectly and securely.. The phone is sealed up tight, so swapping the main battery is not going to happen. Motorola has dedicated battery Mods for those who fret about battery life.. The Z2 Force is not truly waterproof like the G6, S8, or iPhone 7, meaning it cannot sit in 3+ feet of water for 30 minutes. Instead, Motorola has coated the interior electronics with a water-resistant material. When asked about the Z2 Force's lack of full waterproofing, Motorola said the nano coating is protective enough to save the phone from splashing, sweat, rain, and even a really quick dunk in water. In other words, you can drop it in the pool and the phone should be okay if you immediately pull it out and dry it off. Motorola insists this is all the protection the Z2 Force needs from backyard shenanigans.. There's no question Motorola improved the hardware of the Z2 Force when compared to its predecessors. It tweaked the design in just the right ways to give the phone its own personality while keeping the character of the original series intact.. The Z2 Force has a 5.5-inch quad-HD screen. It's the same size and resolution of last year's phones, but relies on the latest ShatterShield technology from Motorola in order to form a break-proof display. ShatterShield relies on multiple layers of hardened aluminum and plastic. The first-generation ShatterShield appeared on the 2015 Droid Turbo 2 and was rather dim and unimpressive. Motorola has come a long way since then, as the Z2 Force's screen is clearer and brighter. The newest version of ShatterShield allowed me to drop the Z2 Force multiple times onto concrete without any breakage. I wouldn't make a habit of this behavior, but accidental drops shouldn't leave your wallet crying for mercy.. The plastic OLED screen on the Z2 Force is just as good as any leading quad HD display I've reviewed in recent memory. The size/resolution combination delivers razor-sharp text and graphics. Quad HD is the best resolution for VR (right now.) I installed Google's Daydream VR platform on the Z2 Force and it ran really well. I found the display to be plenty bright for indoor use, though you will have to crank it up to view it outdoors. Viewing angles are pretty good, with just a bit of blue shift when the phone is tilted left or or right.. The Z2 Force is going to be more widely available than the original, which was a Verizon exclusive. The Moto Z2 Force will be sold by most U.S. Cellular, Verizon.) Motorola plans to offer unlocked versions of the phone, too, but the unlocked models will be specific for each carrier. In other words, there is no one global unlocked variant. Motorola explained that it had to build specific network technology into the phone for each of the major U.S. carriers in order to properly support forthcoming "Gigabit" LTE service. This means you can buy it unlocked, but you'll have to specify which carrier you use at the time of purchase. That's a bit confusing as far as I am concerned. LTE bands, including T-Mobile's newer Band 66.. That said, Motorola lent us a Verizon-branded version of the Moto Z2 Force and it performed really, really well. It always found Verizon's network and remained connected to LTE 4G without fail. I was able to make calls on the first dial, and the phone didn't miss any or drop any, even at highway speeds. The phone delivered some of the fastest data speeds I've seen in NYC in recent months. I downloaded 1 GB of app updates over the network in mere minutes. The phone was a data powerhouse. Streaming music via Spotify or video via YouTube TV was a great experience. I never saw any significant slow-downs, buffering, staggering, or low-res performance.. The Z2 Force is a very good voice phone. The earpiece of the Z2 Force does double duty: it handles regular calls and speakerphone calls. The calls I made via the earpiece were clear and free of distortion. Volume leaves a little to be desired. I was able to hear calls in a small room with a roaring air conditioner, but hearing calls on city streets or in a moving car seemed harder. Those I spoke to through the Z2 Force said I sounded "really good.". The speakerphone isn't quite as good. Voices come through the speaker a bit muffled and volume isn't the greatest. For example, I was better able to hear calls through the earpiece in that room with the air conditioner than I was via the speakerphone, even with the speakerphone volume all the way up. The speakerphone is also somewhat more prone to distortion at full volume. It does okay in a moving car.. Ringers and alert tones were able to get my attention most of the time. I missed several calls when I had the phone in silent mode due to the weak vibrate alert.. If the Z2 Force has one achilles heel, this is it. The Z2 Force has a relatively small 2,730 mAh battery. (Last year's Z Force had a 3,500 mAh power pack.) Motorola reduced the size of the battery in order to keep the phone's chassis nice and thin. The Z2 Force cannot make it through a full day under the most intense use. The Z2 Force called it quits by 9 or 10pm on days I played games, shot video, streamed music and movies, and spent lots of time scrolling through Twitter and Instagram. When I backed off some media consumption, the phone was able to get from breakfast to bedtime with some fumes left in the tank. Power users will likely not get a whole day of battery life from this phone. There are two mitigating factors here.. First, Motorola says battery Mods are the most popular Moto Mods in the ecosystem. Motorola makes a swappable battery pack that adds an extra 3,300 mAh battery and supports rapid charging. I reviewed it earlier this year. It's slim, and delivers the goods when needed. You can use the phone from breakfast until happy hour with the Mod attached, pull the Mod off on the way to dinner, and still have enough power in the phone to take you to last call.. Second, the Z2 Force supports Motorola's TurboPower rapid charging. The company claims 15 minutes on the included charger will give you 8 hours of battery life. TurboPower delivers a huge jolt of power in a very short time. What's more, the battery Mod also supports TurboPower, so you can use the Mod battery pack to top up quickly if needed.. By itself, the Z2 Force does not support wireless charging. But Motorola makes a Style Shell with Wireless Charging, which lets you add wireless charging to the handset via Moto Mod.. I didn't run into any issues with the Z2 Force's secondary radios. Bluetooth delivered swift connections to other devices, such as headsets and speakers. Phone calls sent to headsets and my car's hands-free system were decent, though not the best I've heard. The Z2 Force was able to push files to other phones and PCs. Music streamed to a Bluetooth speaker sounded very good.. Google Maps put the Z2 Force's GPS radio to effective use. The phone often pinpointed my location in a second or two, with accuracy as good as 10 feet. It doesn't get much better than that. The GPS radio and Maps worked in tandem for accurate real-time navigation. The Z2 Play is a fine navigation device when driving or walking around town.. Motorola appears to have vanquished whichever gremlins prevented me from fully using NFC on the Z2 Play, because NFC on the Z2 Force worked as expected. I was able to rely on the NFC radio to initiate Bluetooth pairing, data transfers between phones, and of course use Android Pay.. The Z2 Force has great WiFi.. Hands On with the Moto Z2 Force. Motorola today announced the Moto Z2 Force, the company's newest flagship phone. The phone sports a durable ShatterShield display, thin metal design, dual cameras, and of course supports the company's Moto Mods system of snap-on accessory modules.. Motorola expanded its ecosystem of Moto Mods this year and none is quite as enticing as the 360 Cam. This snap-on modular accessory adds a 360-degree camera to your Motorola smartphone for capturing immersive pictures and video.. Review: Motorola Moto Gamepad for Moto Z2 Force. If you live for mobile gaming, the Motorola Moto Gamepad may be the accessory you need to take your gameplay to the next level. It includes a full roster of buttons, joysticks, and toggles in order to take full control of the mobile gaming experience.. Hands On with the Livermorium Keyboard Slider Moto Mod. Motorola's partner Livermorium announced plans to bring its $99 slide-out QWERTY keyboard to market. Is this the accessory or your typing dreams?. Verizon Fires Back at T-Mo with BOGO Of Its Own. Verizon Wireless said customers can save big on select smartphones with a new buy-one, get-one offer that kicks off January 23. New and existing customers who add a new line of Verizon Unlimited service will be able to buy the Google Pixel 2, Samsung Galaxy S8, Motorola Moto Z2 Force, or LG V30 and get a second one for free.. 4 GB RAM 2,730 mAh battery. Memory Card Slot, Water-Resistant, VR-ready, NFC, Fingerprint Reader. So the screen is plastic? How easy does it scratch?. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5513. 1440 x 2560 pixels 534 ppi. 2730 mAh LiIon Non-removable. 64 GB raw hardware 47 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 12+ megapixel dual LED flash, PDAF + laser focusing, IMX 386 sensors, f/2.0 auto HDR , panorama, depth effects, pro mode Extra Camera: monochome 12-megapixel Video: 4K UHD. 5 megapixel f/2.2, 85-degree wide-angle lens. 6.13 x 2.99 x 0.24 in. 156 x 76 x 6.1 mm. GSM (AT&T, T-Mobile, unlocked) version also supports LTE 29/30/38/40 / not all versions support LTE 7, LTE 13, LTE 28, LTE 41, LTE 66, WCDMA 4 and/or CDMA. Rating: M3, T4 (very tele-coil compatible) some versions rated M4, T4. Languages Supported: English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Danish, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Finnish, Swedish, Turkish, Greek, Russian, Korean, Chinese. Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.7, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.3, HID , PAN , MAP version 4.2 (5.0 with software update). Connector: USB Type C. Version(s): 802.11 a,ac,b,g,n supports MIMO. Type: Capacitive ShatterShield. Card Type: microSD up to 2 TB. approved Jun 23, 2017 IHDT56WB4 ». approved Jun 23, 2017 IHDT56WB1 » IHDT56WB3 ». Motorola Moto Z2 Force product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This flagship phone has a super-thin metal design but supports snap-on accessories. key features include a Quad-HD AMOLED display with ShatterShield protection, Snapdragon 835 processor, dual 12-megapixel cameras, memory card slot, NFC, and USB-C.. LTE 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 13 / 17 / 20 / 25 / 26 / 28 / 41 / 66. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5 / 8. CDMA 800 / 850 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. band 8 (VIII) / 900 MHz. 800 MHz / band 27 / BC10. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Hands On with the Livermorium Keyboard Slider Moto Mod. Hands On with the Moto Z2 Force. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery Life, Moto Mods and Conclusion. by Stephen Schenck. T-Mobile - T-Mobile + AT&T - AT&T + Verizon - Verizon + Sprint - Sprint + Motorola - Motorola + Android - Android +. 4 Call Quality, Battery Life, Moto Mods and Conclusion. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition specifications. Introduction Do smartphone shoppers like having a lot of choices? Up to a certain extent, sure, choices let us come closer to getting the phone of our dreams, and lower the risk of being stuck with some unwanted compromise. So when a company launches a device and it comes in two different sizes, we tend to look at this like a good thing; whether we want petite 5.0-inch phone or the big 5.7-inch phablet, our bases are covered. But when we start talking about modular hardware, the benefit of having all those different models can start getting more difficult to justify. Look at last year's inaugural batch of Moto Z phones from Motorola : we had the super-thin Moto Z , as well as the bulkier Moto Z Force , and while the latter was much thicker, it also offered a significantly larger battery. If your phone's hardware is finalized the moment it leaves the factory, having those options makes sense, but with the Moto Z family, you can always take a thinner phone and extend its battery life by connecting an external battery with the help of the versatile Moto Mods connector. Apparently that's just what users have been doing, because this year, as we check out the second generation of Moto Z phones, there's no split between a new Z and new Z Force model. Instead, Motorola has seriously slimmed down the Z Force and is presenting it as the top-shelf modular phone of the season. Will that prove to be a wise move? Is the new Z2 Force the best of both worlds, or a middle-of-the-road option that might have benefited from not trying to please everyone at once? We're looking into that right now, as we review the Moto Z2 Force. In the box: Moto Z2 Force Turbo Power adapter USB Type-C to standard-A cable USB headphone adapter Welcome guide Warranty booklet Safety card SIM tool Design Moto Mods may make for powerful accessories, but not exactly inspired handset designs A new Moto Z phone is going to look a lot like the models that have come before it – there's little getting around that. Support for Moto Mods means buying into a design with some specific size and shape requirements, and if compatibility between this growing number of phones and hardware modules is to be maintained, we're not going to see new handsets stray very far off the reservation. As such, the Moto Z2 Force comes through with a design that's very similar to both last year's Moto Z models, as well as the recently released Moto Z2 Play. The resemblance is strongest with that new model, as both feature the same elongated fingerprint scanner under their 5.5-inch screens, now serving double-duty as a space for gesture-based interface control. But there are still differences between all these phones, and the one that everyone's going to be talking about with the Moto Z2 Force is its thickness. As you may recall, last year the original Moto Z was super-thin, measuring a scant 5.19mm thick. The first Z Force, meanwhile, clocked in a hair under 7mm. This year, Motorola seems most comfortable splitting the distance in the middle there. The Moto Z2 Play came in right between the two, at essentially 6mm, and now the Z2 Force lands in roughly the same spot, at 6.1mm thick. On one hand, that newfound consistency's nice, letting us choose between the Z2 Play and Z2 Force based more on their price and features than their design. But it's simultaneously quite frustrating, especially as we look at what the Z2 Play gets that the by-all-accounts-should-be-better-equipped Z2 Force lacks. Maddeningly, the thicker Z2 Force omits an analog headphone jack, while there's somehow still room for the port on the thinner Z2 Play. And the thinner phone also manages to fit in a 10% higher-capacity battery than the Z2 Force. We'll talk more about the impact those decisions have a little later, but from a pure design standpoint, they don't seem to make a ton of sense. Those controversies aside, the move to slim down this year's Force model lets the Moto Z2 Force shed some pounds – or grams, rather – with a mass of 143g, a solid 20g less than the first-gen model. As a result, the Z2 Force feels feather-light, and while we often like our phones to have a little bit of heft to them – at least enough to make them feel substantial and well-made – this is a phone we'll be attaching hardware add-ons to, so it makes sense to want to start as low as possible. Another design departure from last year concerns the phone's edges, which are now smoothly rounded with a sublte curve front-to-back. With the first-gen model, there was a distinct “peak” in the middle of those edges, giving the phone a bit of grip-point. While the new Moto Z2 Force lacks this feature, the phone's nonetheless still quite comfortable to hold, and we never felt like we were about to drop the handset. Around back we've got the Moto Mods interface in its expected position, and up top there's the rear camera bump. While its placement is also par for the course when it comes to Moto Z phones, this handset can't help but show off one of its key new features: a dual-rear-camera system. The phone's built with an aluminum unibody, and the back shows off an attractive brushed-aluminum look, but there's something a little off about how it all comes together, as that back panel feels perfectly smooth, rather than the texture we expect from that sort of finish. Perhaps it's laminated somehow, but the Z2 Force is still very much a metal-bodied handset. Once again, Motorola goes with a nano-coating on the phone's internal circuits to resist water damage instead of sealing the handset tightly to keep water out in the first place. As a result, it's not rated for anything like the kind of immersion-protection we see from phones like the Galaxy S8 or LG G6, but the hardware should still survive a brief dip – though emphasis on brief. On its own, there's nothing overly objectionable about the Moto Z2 Force's design – well, maybe that missing headphone jack. But we also can't help but view it in the context of last year's Moto Z phones, and already this model is feeling less inspired than either of 2016's flagships. Display Hits mix with misses as Motorola trades one evil for another As a Moto Z-series phone, the Moto Z2 Force picks up a 5.5-inch display, and being the flagship model it is, the Quad-HD 1440 x 2560 resolution feels very appropriate. But this display's big selling point isn't its size nor pixel density: it's the shatterproof design. Much like on the original Moto Z Force, the Z2 makes heavy use of plastic in the implementation of its OLED display, resulting in a panel that's simply not going to crack when you drop the phone. While that sounds like a huge benefit for the Z2 Force over competing handsets, it's also a decision that threatens to bite the smartphone in the keister. Let's come back to that in just a moment. Looking at the performance of the screen itself, Motorola is in solid territory here. The picture's crisp, and colors are bold – at least with the phone's color mode set to “vibrant.” That's the default, and for good reason, because things get positively drab-looking the moment you switch it off. Color accuracy is alright, at least keeping in mind that this is an AMOLED panel, where off-the-charts saturation is to be expected. And while that's still the case here, with some very intense hues, nothing's so out-of-whack as to have us wishing we were viewing content on another phone. Brightness is a bit of touchy subject for the Moto Z2 Force. While the phone is capably of some decently bright output, north of 500 nits at its max, you're only going to see that kind of intensity with the phone's auto-brightness engaged. That on its own isn't so noteworthy, and we'd say about half the devices we test show similar behavior, but the Z2 Force stands out because its maximum brightness when you're manually setting the brightness slider is really, really low. We saw the same sort of split with with the first-gen Moto Z and Z Force, but this is one blast from the past we could do without. So far, we'd say the screen on the Moto Z2 Force is fine: it's not perfect, and absolutely has some quirky behavior, but so do a lot of displays, even on flagship-class devices. But then there's this shatterproof business. As we mentioned, this so-called ShatterShield owes its functionality to the use of plastics, rather than fragile glass. And while Motorola seems to very much deliver on its promises of impact-resistance, that comes at a price – and one that may simply be too high for many users. There are some very good reasons so many phones cover their screens with glass, and one of the big ones is durability. Sure, they break under enough stress – but up until that breaking point, they can also be far more resistant to incidental damage than plastic. And it doesn't take long carrying the Moto Z2 Force around before your screen starts to be covered in scratches. Things that a glass-screened smartphone would just shake off tend to utterly destroy the Z2 Force's screen, quickly rendering it a scratched-up mess. We've been super-careful with this review unit in order to keep our photos of the handset looking pretty, but it's only through sheer force of will that we've avoided disaster; you don't have to look far to find plenty of reports of scuffed-up Z2 Force screens. But it goes beyond just that. There's an aesthetic quality you lose with a plastic screen. Normally a phone's glass – especially when not illuminated – reflects its surroundings like a mirror. But with the Moto Z2 Force, those reflections are warped and distorted, like a 100-year-old pane of glass. Maybe more concerning, the plastic doesn't feel particularly well-applied to the phone's face, and pressing around at various points, you can hear the plastic creaking as it bends and deforms. We understand that the ability to bend rather than break is functional, but all these factors considered make the Z2 Force feel a lot less premium than its $720 price tag would otherwise suggest.. 6.13 x 2.99 x 0.24 inches. 155.8 x 76 x 6.1 mm. 6.15 x 3 x 0.24 inches. 156.2 x 76.2 x 5.99 mm. 5.86 x 2.68 x 0.31 inches. 148.9 x 68.1 x 8.0 mm. 5.86 x 2.83 x 0.31 inches. 148.9 x 71.9 x 7.9 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition Compare. (Posts: 425; Member since: 16 Feb 2016). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 08:14. (Posts: 474; Member since: 10 Mar 2010). posted on 23 Nov 2017, 01:58. I thought they would rank it 4/10. (Posts: 474; Member since: 10 Mar 2010). posted on 23 Nov 2017, 01:59. I'm guessing they mistake the moto logo as a fruit logo.. (Posts: 306; Member since: 04 May 2017). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 08:20. Nothing is better when compared to U11 but score is higher... (Posts: 152; Member since: 24 Oct 2012). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 08:32. From a customer standpoint, the shattershield is a HUGE selling point. People buy screen protector, scratches are taken care of, and the screen wont break. Its a great selling feature that people love, and a differentiation that no other phone on the market has. To say they need to scrap it is to say that innovation needs to be quashed. To say the mods arent compelling is to say you want the same ol device that you can buy already from 30 different makers. The minute any manufacturer tries something different, the tech blog community is right there to s**t all over it.. (Posts: 1032; Member since: 24 Jan 2012). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 08:50. But why sacrifice great battery life for useless 1 mm extra thin?. (Posts: 1455; Member since: 22 Jul 2013). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 16:05. The battery life should be great. I am getting 5hrs of sot with my G6. Their test is kinda flawed to be honest.. (Posts: 2293; Member since: 31 Oct 2011). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 09:08. It's a tradeoff where you get a screen that doesn't shatter, but is scratched by a strong gust of wind. That's not innovation, it just creates a different reason to buy a screen protector.. (Posts: 465; Member since: 15 Jul 2014). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 17:23. Oh really? So you'd rather break your phone? a $2 tempered glass protector for any Moto Z phone can keep the Force scratch free but drop any Sammy or iPhone with a $5 protector and your heart will skip a beat.. (Posts: 198; Member since: 30 Apr 2012). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 10:56. From the new moto z family honestly this is the better phone, hopefully they could make a final change on the screen design so it at least gets as reliable as last years'. (Posts: 517; Member since: 05 Jun 2012). posted on 03 Aug 2017, 12:28. Where's the video? I usually skip the reading part and go straight to the review vid.... (Posts: 4; Member since: 20 Jul 2017). posted on 08 Aug 2017, 07:53. It's never a bad idea to also consider reviews from others. I've googled and found a website which shows reviews from multiple sources and the overall score for Moto Z2 Force. You can find very interesting and diversified thoughts related to this version of Moto.. (Posts: 124; Member since: 09 Mar 2017). posted on 13 Aug 2017, 04:45. It would be lot better if they put 3000mah battery on Z2 Force and 3500mah on z2 play keep the handset price of low as. And buy any mod far $30. (Posts: 124; Member since: 09 Mar 2017). posted on 13 Aug 2017, 04:56. Price far Moto mods according to me. (Posts: 1; Member since: 20 Oct 2017). posted on 20 Oct 2017, 15:54. I have had thelgg20, v30, s8, s8+ and the moto z2 force and iphone 7+. I am not impressed really with any phone to grab for it every time, that is until I got the moto z2 force. I was scared of the screen scratchs and put a 7 dollar screen protector on it. Battery life lasts as long as any flagship and maintains while device is sleep. Only problem is shutter speed is slow on the camera, which is the only cons I have found. Sad this phone is as underrated as it is.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 28 Dec 2017). posted on 28 Dec 2017, 21:07. my motorola moto Z 2 died after 2 months. they would not pay for delivery of my replcement phone. wait , your product failed and you wont pay for delivery of my replacement phone? WOW!! I now have to wait 5 days til I get my replacement. I will then trade that in for an APPLE iphone.... Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.5 inches, 1440 x 2560 pixels (534 ppi) Super AMOLED. Size 6.13 x 2.99 x 0.24 inches (155.8 x 76 x 6.1 mm). Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, Octa-core, 2450 MHz, Kryo 280 processor 4 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Moto Z2 Force - Reference and Tips. Jan 31, 2018 at 7:58 AM. ( Aug 15, 2017 at 6:00 PM ). Jan 31, 2018 at 7:58 AM. Feb 24, 2018 at 9:20 AM. Feb 24, 2018 at 9:20 AM. Feb 20, 2018 at 5:05 AM. ( Feb 19, 2018 at 10:47 AM ). Feb 20, 2018 at 5:05 AM. Feb 15, 2018 at 3:23 AM. ( Feb 12, 2018 at 9:27 PM ). Feb 15, 2018 at 3:23 AM. Feb 14, 2018 at 9:23 AM. ( Feb 14, 2018 at 9:13 AM ). Feb 14, 2018 at 9:23 AM. Feb 13, 2018 at 7:14 PM. ( Feb 13, 2018 at 5:46 PM ). Feb 13, 2018 at 7:14 PM. Shortcut or swipe gesture to swipe down notification bar. Feb 8, 2018 at 5:08 AM. ( Feb 3, 2018 at 1:57 PM ). Feb 8, 2018 at 5:08 AM. my messenger plus for the longest time... Jan 31, 2018 at 8:36 AM. Jan 31, 2018 at 8:36 AM. Last resort BBS, need help fast folks.. Jan 26, 2018 at 6:50 PM. ( Jan 8, 2018 at 8:27 AM ). Jan 26, 2018 at 6:50 PM. Jan 19, 2018 at 8:55 PM. ( Dec 22, 2017 at 4:40 AM ). Jan 19, 2018 at 8:55 PM. Downloaded the moto all in one tool. Jan 19, 2018 at 7:47 PM. Jan 19, 2018 at 7:47 PM. Jan 19, 2018 at 9:11 AM. ( Jan 19, 2018 at 8:12 AM ). Jan 19, 2018 at 9:11 AM. Can I use only the fingerprint feature??. Jan 16, 2018 at 3:33 PM. ( Aug 30, 2017 at 9:25 PM ). Jan 16, 2018 at 3:33 PM. What is the correct way how to do a reset?. Jan 15, 2018 at 6:32 PM. ( Jan 13, 2018 at 5:05 PM ). Jan 15, 2018 at 6:32 PM. Motorola releases Oreo kernel source code for the Z2 Force. Jan 10, 2018 at 2:53 PM. Jan 10, 2018 at 2:53 PM. Moto Z2 Force - No LED notification?!. Jan 10, 2018 at 5:53 AM. ( Aug 31, 2017 at 8:39 PM ). Jan 10, 2018 at 5:53 AM. Despite smart lock home location enabled - fingerprint needed. Jan 10, 2018 at 2:16 AM. ( Sep 5, 2017 at 3:05 PM ). Jan 10, 2018 at 2:16 AM. Moto Z2 Force, black screen into hard reboot. Jan 9, 2018 at 11:10 PM. ( Jan 8, 2018 at 3:06 PM ). Jan 9, 2018 at 11:10 PM. Jan 9, 2018 at 5:08 PM. ( Nov 25, 2017 at 11:55 AM ). Jan 9, 2018 at 5:08 PM. Jan 9, 2018 at 12:35 PM. ( Oct 15, 2017 at 10:52 PM ). Jan 9, 2018 at 12:35 PM. After yesterday's update, my screen wakes up constantly. Jan 9, 2018 at 9:17 AM. ( Jan 8, 2018 at 9:40 AM ). Jan 9, 2018 at 9:17 AM. Jan 8, 2018 at 9:36 PM. ( Nov 9, 2017 at 6:17 AM ). Jan 8, 2018 at 9:36 PM. Jan 8, 2018 at 9:01 PM. ( Dec 7, 2017 at 10:57 AM ). Jan 8, 2018 at 9:01 PM. Moto Z2 Force: How to force reboot. Jan 8, 2018 at 8:59 PM. ( Aug 10, 2017 at 2:48 PM ). Jan 8, 2018 at 8:59 PM. Jan 8, 2018 at 8:56 PM. ( Sep 25, 2017 at 6:16 PM ). Jan 8, 2018 at 8:56 PM. Jan 8, 2018 at 8:54 PM. ( Oct 24, 2017 at 7:35 PM ). Jan 8, 2018 at 8:54 PM. Showing threads 1 to 25 of 69. (You must log in or sign up to post here.). Do you already have an account?. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force currently has an Informr score of 8.3 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 30. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. What's good Plenty of storage space microSD support MotoMods add flexibility Blazing performance TurboCharge support. What's bad Price MotoMods add further to price Poor low-light camera performance ShatterShield display prone to scratches No headphone jack. Moto’s Z-series continues to redefine mobile phones with their modular add-ons and exclusive features. Their latest release is more refinement than revolutionary. So after a few generations on the market, is the Moto Z2 Force showing Moto hitting their stride?. Reviewers have had a few weeks with their phones. Due to supporting previous MotoMods, the design of the Moto Z2 Force is similar to its predecessors. However, reviewers were quick to point out how thin the phone is and how comfortable the rounded edges rests in the hand.. With an aluminum chassis, the phone is also light and appears sturdy.. Some reviewers felt this lightness was more problem than benefit. Chipchick said, “… without a Mod on the back, the exposed back feels cheap, and the phone feels so thin and light that sometimes it felt like a strong gust of wind would rip it out of my grasp.”. As with previous designs, you’ll also find the MotoMod connector at the bottom of the phone’s backplate.. Heading around front, you’re greeted by a 5.5-inch 1440p OLED display. The screen received ample praise with Android Police describing as, “beautiful to look at with accurate colors, [with] better viewing angles than last year's Force, and enough brightness to be visible outdoors.”. It also features Moto’s ShatterShield technology. This plastic coating makes the phone resistant to cracking due to falls or drops.. Yet, reviewers found that the coating also made the phone prone to scratching. Business Insider noted, “You do not want to put this phone in the same pocket as your keys. Again, in trying to solve one problem (in this case, breakable glass), Motorola has created an even bigger one.”. Reviews take an upswing again for performance. With a 2.35Ghz octa-core Snapdragon 835 processor and 4 to 6GB of RAM (depending on your region), the phone goes toe to toe with 2017’s biggest releases.. Android Authority described performance as, “fluid and responsive with fast app load times, smooth scrolling, and a seamless multitasking experience.”. The phone ships with Android 7.1 Nougat. With 64 to 128GB of internal storage (again, depending on your region), there’s plenty of room to keep your favorite apps and media on-hand.. However, some reviewers noted an abundance of bloatware. Many review models included as much as 17GB of software pre-installed out of the box.. If you need to expand your storage, support for microSD cards up to 2TB makes it cheap and easy.. If you’re looking to take pictures with your phone, reviews are mixed. The 12MP dual-lens rear camera takes good shots in well-lit situations, but has issues as lighting drops. Android Authority attributes this to a lack of optical image stabilization. Some reviews also had issues with slow shutter speeds occasionally.. While the 5MP front-facing lens received high marks, the beautification mode was hit or miss for many reviewers.. On paper, the Moto Z2 Force appears to take a significant hit in battery life compared to its predecessors. Fortunately, reviewers found that even with a smaller 2,730mAh battery, the phone lasted a full day for most. However, many were quick to recommend a spare charger for heavy phone users.. If you should find yourself low on power, the included TurboCharge adapter saw full recharges in around an hour with a substantial top-off available in as little as 20 minutes.. Despite these points, reviewers had trouble recommending the phone. Most of their concern related to price. While adding MotoMods allows the phone to compete with other flagships on camera, battery life and other aspects, they add to the cost. When the phone is already priced similar to top tier offerings before accessories, the value is questionable.. ChipChick summed up opinions well, saying, “It’d be wrong to say the Moto Z2 Force is a bad phone — it’s an exceptional performer, the camera is at least satisfactory, and the lightweight UI is pleasant to use. But, [at its price], it’s just not good enough to compete with every other Android phone at that price.”. A blend of slim body, powerful internals, shatterproof display and also comes bundled with a battery pack power Mod. However, lack of 3.5mm audio jack, average battery backup without mod and lack of OIS in camera are some of the downsides.. The Z2 Force is a great phone with only a few flaws. It doesn't look as slick as its competition, and it gets warm when stressed. The ease with which the glass front picked up scratches was our biggest concern.. Moto Z2 Force has a lot going for it — clean Android experience, value-adding Moto software features, shatterproof display, sleek form factor and the bundled TurboPower Pack mod ensures that battery woes are kept at bay.. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force cannot quite keep up with the best-in-class from Apple, Samsung, Google, and Huawei, but it is capable of producing decent results with good detail and exposure in most situations, and also offers a usable bokeh mode.. The virtually indestructible Motorola Moto Z2 Force offers a phenomenal level of performance. Of all things it is the display protection with its susceptibility to scratches that troubled us the most.. Motorola released the Moto Z2 Force on August 10, 2017.. The Moto Z2 Force price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Motorola Moto Z2 Force prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Moto Z2 Force manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto Z2 Force user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto Z2 Force with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Moto Z2 Force problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto Z2 Force has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 0 What to do when Motorola Moto Z2 Force is spilt with milk and won't work?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force's screen size is 5.5 inches with 1440 x 2560 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm MSM8998 Snapdragon 835 Octa core 2.35 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.1 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos with the phone's onboard 12+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 2000 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 2730 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1440 minutes, 592 minutes Wi-Fi surfing.. Android 7.1 Nougat (Update Available: 8.0 Oreo). Qualcomm MSM8998 Snapdragon 835 Octa core 2.35 GHz. Head: 0.87 W/kg Body: 1.1 W/kg. Super Black, Fine Gold, Lunar Gray. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.6 x 7.6 x 0.6 cm (6.1 x 3 x 0.2 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 2000 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Face detection, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, Dual camera feature (12 MP 2nd camera), Zero shutter lag, Phase detection. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV, FLV. Ultra HD (3840 x 2160 pixels), 30 fps. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, MP4, M4A, WMA, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, FLV, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto Z2 Force Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto Z2 Force. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /800/850/900/1800/2600/2500 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /800/850/900/1800/2500 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /800/850/900/1800/2600/2300/2500 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Also available with 6 GB of RAM.. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto Z2 Force. One of the compelling devices from Motorola. A blend of slim body, powerful internals, shatterproof display and also comes bundled with a battery pack power Mod. However, lack of 3.5mm audio jack, average battery backup without mod and lack of OIS in camera are some of the downsides.. A blend of slim body, powerful internals, shatterproof display and also comes bundled with a battery pack power Mod. However, lack of 3.5mm audio jack, average battery backup without mod and lack of OIS in camera are some of the downsides.. The Z2 Force is a great phone with only a few flaws. It doesn't look as slick as its competition, and it gets warm when stressed. The ease with which the glass front picked up scratches was our biggest concern.. The Z2 Force is a great phone with only a few flaws. It doesn't look as slick as its competition, and it gets warm when stressed. The ease with which the glass front picked up scratches was our biggest concern.. Shatterproof goodness with bundled battery mod. Moto Z2 Force has a lot going for it — clean Android experience, value-adding Moto software features, shatterproof display, sleek form factor and the bundled TurboPower Pack mod ensures that battery woes are kept at bay.. Moto Z2 Force has a lot going for it — clean Android experience, value-adding Moto software features, shatterproof display, sleek form factor and the bundled TurboPower Pack mod ensures that battery woes are kept at bay.. Good texture and detail in all conditions. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force cannot quite keep up with the best-in-class from Apple, Samsung, Google, and Huawei, but it is capable of producing decent results with good detail and exposure in most situations, and also offers a usable bokeh mode.. The Motorola Moto Z2 Force cannot quite keep up with the best-in-class from Apple, Samsung, Google, and Huawei, but it is capable of producing decent results with good detail and exposure in most situations, and also offers a usable bokeh mode.. An exceptional high-end smartphone with many pros and a few cons. The virtually indestructible Motorola Moto Z2 Force offers a phenomenal level of performance. Of all things it is the display protection with its susceptibility to scratches that troubled us the most.. The virtually indestructible Motorola Moto Z2 Force offers a phenomenal level of performance. Of all things it is the display protection with its susceptibility to scratches that troubled us the most.. As a software experience, the Moto Z2 Force is excellent. But the Moto Mod ecosystem means you’re spending a hell of a lot on accessories that are only useful for the lifetime of the device.. As a software experience, the Moto Z2 Force is excellent. But the Moto Mod ecosystem means you’re spending a hell of a lot on accessories that are only useful for the lifetime of the device.. If it isn’t broken, innovate and improve anyway. The Moto Z2 Force finally proves that modular smartphones aren’t the stuff of science fiction anymore. What began as sort of a gimmick last year, has now evolved into a truly excellent added functionality to what is already an excellent phone.. The Moto Z2 Force finally proves that modular smartphones aren’t the stuff of science fiction anymore. What began as sort of a gimmick last year, has now evolved into a truly excellent added functionality to what is already an excellent phone.. The Moto Z2 Force 2 is here with its guaranteed shatter-resistant glass screen and even more MotoMods, including a 360-degree camera and a Game Pad. You're going to pay a price for the mods, but it's the only modular handset doing it mostly right.. The Moto Z2 Force 2 is here with its guaranteed shatter-resistant glass screen and even more MotoMods, including a 360-degree camera and a Game Pad. You're going to pay a price for the mods, but it's the only modular handset doing it mostly right.. Z2 Force isn’t as expensive as its competitors, but in this day and age, new is new. But, it has potential, and you’re probably not missing out on much when it comes to features. Its edge is Moto Mods, and if Motorola keeps it up and consistently creates new mods, there might be a market for this.. Z2 Force isn’t as expensive as its competitors, but in this day and age, new is new. But, it has potential, and you’re probably not missing out on much when it comes to features. Its edge is Moto Mods, and if Motorola keeps it up and consistently creates new mods, there might be a market for this.. Returns with a slimmer design and a performance boost. Motorola’s latest is a very tempting alternative to the usual crowd of fragile devices we see in shops, but at £735, this indestructible phone is no longer a force to be reckoned with.. Motorola’s latest is a very tempting alternative to the usual crowd of fragile devices we see in shops, but at £735, this indestructible phone is no longer a force to be reckoned with.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Moto Z2 Force Phone Specifications, Motorola Moto Z2 Force 2017 Concept, 6GB RAM, 12MP Dual Camera. Apple iPhone X vs Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition. How to install SD and SIM card into Motorola Moto Z2 Force. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs iPhone 7 Plus Camera Comparison. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Full Phone Specifications, Price and Features. How to Reset Motorola Moto Z2 Force - Hard Reset and Soft Reset. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition - Top Tricks & Tips. Motorola Moto Z2 Force XT1789 Disassembly Teardown Repair Video. Motorola Moto Z2 Force and 360 camera mod hands-on. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Specifications, Price, Release Date, Features, Review with DUAL CAMERAS!!. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Edition vs LG G6. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Tips Moto Z2 Force - Reference and Tips. Discussion in ' Android Devices ' started by Thom , Aug 15, 2017 .. ODXS27.109-34-4 – OTA – 2018.01.31 – Verizon Wireless. January 1, 2018 - Android security patch level. F16.MOT.Moto Z (2).0 - Configuration version. Fri Jan 5 04:33:44 CST 2018 - Kernel version. ODX27.109-34 – OTA – 2017.12.22 – Verizon Wireless. December 1, 2017 - Android security patch level. F16.MOT.Moto Z (2).0 - Configuration version. Wed Dec 6 17:20:08 CST 2017 - Kernel version. NDX26.183-15-5 – OTA – 2017.11.14 – Verizon Wireless. November 1, 2017 - Android security patch level. F16.MOT.Moto Z (2).0 - Configuration version. Mon Oct 30 11:26:29 CDT 2017 - Kernel version. NDX26.183-15 – OTA – 2017.10.26 – Verizon Wireless. October 1, 2017 - Android security patch level. F16.MOT.Moto Z (2).0 - Configuration version. Thu Oct 5 07:41:01 CDT 2017 - Kernel version. NDX26.122-58-8-4 – OTA – 2017.09.30 – Verizon Wireless. September 1, 2017 - Android security patch level. F16.MOT.Moto Z (2).0 - Configuration version. Fri Sep 8 09:57:23 CDT 2017 - Kernel version. NDX26.122-58-8 – OTA – 2017.08.26 – Verizon Wireless. August 1, 2017 - Android security patch level. F16.MOT.Moto Z (2).0 - Configuration version. Sat Aug 5 01:26:18 CDT 2017 - Kernel version. NDX26.122-58 – Initial Release - 2017.08.10 – Verizon Wireless. July 1, 2017 - Android security patch level. F16.MOT.Moto Z (2).0 - Configuration version. Mon Jul 17 16:13:08 CDT 2017 - Kernel version. Moto Z2 Force – Releases ​. Last edited: Jan 31, 2018. Ensure the Z2 Force is powered off. Press and hold Power and Volume Down until menu appears. Release the Power and Volume Down buttons. Select Recovery mode (Volume buttons to scroll through options and Power button to select). From the "No command" screen, press and hold the Power button then press and release the Volume Up button to display the menu options. Select Wipe data/factory reset (Volume buttons to highlight and Power button to select). Wipe all user data? (Volume buttons to highlight Yes and Power button to select). Reboot system now will be highlighted (Power button to select). Moto Z2 Force - Factory Data Reset ​. Last edited: Dec 30, 2017. When Clear cached data? Appears … select OK. It will run for a few seconds. Oreo (8.0.0) - Power On – Clear Cache Data for Single App. Select app name want to clear cache. You can also select Clear Data (this may introduce problems). Moto Z2 Force - Clear Cached Data ​. Last edited: Dec 30, 2017. If Developer options are enabled a new top level entry is added to Settings/About phone that provides some new capabilities for the serious user. Scroll to the bottom of the display. Slowly tap on Build number five times. Messages will appear where you are tapping reporting on progress. Once enabled the Developer options will be listed after Printing. Moto Z2 Force – Enable Developer Options ​. There is a capability that I find extremely useful ... There are a lot of websites that have type that is too small to read on a Z2 Force display.. Moto Z2 Force – Enable Magnification Gesture ​. There are differences between the Android System running on Verizon Z2 Force phones and The Android system running on Z2 Force phones of other carriers. The battery % inside battery icon on notification bar is not present. The name on notification bar is not present. Moto Z2 Force - Android System Differences ​. Last edited: Aug 23, 2017. This was my first exposure to the new A | B update process. This update ran for 33 minutes in the background and then requested a reboot. The reboot took about a minute. NDX26.122-58-8 – OTA – 2017.08.26 – Verizon Wireless. Moto Z2 Force – NDX26.122-58-8 ​. Last edited: Aug 28, 2017. Safe Mode will disable all apps you added without uninstalling them or changing their settings. Press Power off until Reboot to safe mode appears. I t will reboot into Safe Mode ... all added apps will be disabled. It will reboot into Normal mode ... all added apps will be enabled. Moto Z2 Force – Safe Mode ​. To display the Battery % without the Battery Icon ... Set Show battery percent in status bar. Moto Z2 Force - Battery % Only Notification ​. NDX26.122-58-8-4 – OTA – 2017.09.30 – Verizon Wireless. Installed in background with no interaction. When done asked permission to reboot. Moto Z2 Force – NDX26.122-58-8-4 ​. Last edited: Oct 21, 2017. NDX26.183-15 – OTA – 2017.10.26 – Verizon Wireless. (The security patch level is 2017.10.01 and not 2017.09.01 stated in this reference.). Moto Z2 Force – NDX26.185-15 ​. Last edited: Nov 6, 2017. NDX26.183-15-5 – OTA – 2017.11.14 – Verizon Wireless. Installed in background with no interaction. When done asked permission to reboot. Moto Z2 Force – NDX26.183-15-5 ​. ODX27.109-34 – Oreo (8.0.0) – OTA – 2017.12.22 – Verizon Wireless. Moto Z2 Force – ODX27.109-34 – Oreo (8.0.0) ​. ODX27.109-34-4 – OTA – 2018.01.31-4 – Verizon Wireless. Moto Z2 Force – ODX27.109-34-4 ​. Do you already have an account?. 
Products Smartphones Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra Refurbished Phones Motorola Nokia Samsung Gaming Microsoft Xbox Nintendo Sony Playstation Tablets Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung Accessories Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra Lifestyle Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles Memory Smart Wearables Fitness Wristbands Smart Watches Clearance / Special Offers Cables and Chargers Cases Miscellaneous Items Screen Protectors Information Contact Us About Us Delivery Information Returns Terms and Conditions International Customers. Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra. Nokia 301 - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Motorola Moto G 4G - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 - White - 4G - Unlocked - Grade A. Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung. The Latest Range of Smartphone, Mobile Technology & Mobile Phone Accessories. Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles. Motorola Moto Z2 Force (SIM Free/UK). Reasons to buy Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 5.5” Quad HD 1440p P-OLED Display with Moto ShatterShield™ technology. 2.35 GHz Snapdragon 835 processor / 6GB RAM. 64GB storage / MicroSD card slot. Android 7.1.1 with guaranteed Android 8.0 update - stay up to date with the newest split screen and VR features. USB Type-C connector, 2,730 mAh battery & 15W TurboPower (over 50% charge in 30 minutes). Dual 12MP IMX 386 sensors (ƒ/2.0, 1.25μm). Use Moto Mods to enhance the phone's features; connected by the power of magnets!. Moto Z2 Force Handset (SIM Free / Factory Unlocked). Be the first to write a review!. Friendly staff based in the UK. Active on socail media including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram & Google. With over 20 years of trading behind us, we can boast a large customer base ranging from individual consumers through to large corporate and government organisations here in the UK and internationally.. Whether you are looking for a case, a cable or a number of smartphones for your staff, just some of the reasons to chosoe Clove are:. See what existing customers think of us. CLICK HERE to see our Trusted Shops rating or to find out more, view our About Us page.. If you have any questions then please call us on 44 (0)1202 552936 or email sales@clove.co.uk.. The competitor must be located in the UK. The item must be the same specification & colour. The item must be originally intended to be sold in the same sales region (UK). The competitor must have the product in stock. Full web address of other item:. We are committed to giving you the best prices possible so if you find an identical product elsewhere then fill out our form and let us know.. We will always try to match a competitors price but cannot guarantee that we will be able to.. To qualify for a price match:. Any item we price match will include delivery costs. For any further details please call us on +44(0)1202 552936. Moto Z2 Force XT1789-06 - Free JBL Soundboost 2 Speaker Mod worth £89 MOTP-Z2F. From £ 680.00 incVAT. WHY CHOOSE US. The most advanced Moto flagship ever, the Moto Z2 Force offers top of the range mobile hardware alongside an incredible shatterproof screen and modular accessories.. First seen on the original Moto X Force, the ShatterShield display features a unique five-layered approach to screen design that refuses to shatter, even in the face of direct impacts.. Clove Technology only provides SIM Free handsets, ready for you to use your choice of network.. The Moto Z2 Force uses a Nano SIM card - please contact your network provider if you need to update to this size card.. GSM & 3G networks are supported globally. For 4G / LTE support outside of Europe, please check the specifications against your local carrier.. Taking the best of Motorola's design and ideas from the past few years, the Moto Z2 Force is the Moto flagship device fans have been waiting for.. Every mobile hardware box of recent times has been ticked: Dual camera sensors with PDAF, QHD P-OLED screen, turbocharging and gesture-ready fingerprint sensors.. On top of this, you'll find Moto's other innovations including Mods and the ShatterShield screen first seen on the X Force handset.. How many people do you know who've had a broken phone screen? Maybe they've done it multiple times. The screen is the most important part of any smartphone, and along with the cameras, can be the most expensive component to replace. Broken screens aren't usually covered by warranties and insurance can be expensive.. So what if your screen simply couldn't break?. First seen on the Moto X Force - a phone that was incredibly popular here at Clove - Moto's unique ShatterShield technology utilises a multi-layered screen:. Layer 1: Exterior protective lens - The external protective layer. Uses a proprietary hardcoat developed to ward off dents, abrasion and scratches.. Layer 2: Interior lens - This is a highly transparent protective layer to add protection and absorb force. Lightweight and clear, you won't even know the interior lens is there.. Layer 3: Dual touch layer - Most phones have one layer of touch-sensitive surface. The Moto Z2 Force has two. In the unlikely event heavy impact damages the primary layer, the second takes over to keep working.. Layer 4: P-OLED display - The main display for your Z2 Force. With deep colour contrasts and true blacks, P-OLED technology delivers exceptional picture quality at low power.. Layer 5: Aluminium chassis - Designed for complete structural integrity and durability, the rigid edging of the ShatterShield system holds everything in place and acts as an anchor, allowing impact forces to travel away from more fragile screen elements and into the casing.. Of course, there's more to the Z2 Force than just the screen. This is a flagship smartphone and the specification matches such a description.. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 powers the whole system. This octa-core chip runs at a maximum 2.35GHz, with low-power cores available for efficient handling of less demanding tasks to conserve power and battery life.. When needed though, the Snapdragon 835 can kick into gear, ready to process and deliver incredible high-definition imagery, 3D games and modern VR content.. You'll also find that the Z2 Force features a large 64GB storage capacity, alongside a whopping 6GB of RAM. With such a specification you'll find it difficult to fill the phone up and find yourself capable of extensive multitasking.. Like many recent high-end smartphones, the Z2 Force has a dual-rear camera configuration. Both of these are Sony IMX 386 sensors rated at 12MP. With a 1.25 μm pixel size and ƒ/2.0 aperture, the Z2 Force can capture excellent dim and low-light imagery.. Having 2 sensors not only allows for faster focussing, it also lets you add interesting post-processing techniques to play with depth of field, selective focussing and colourisation.. With the selective focus feature, you can separate your images into foreground/background and change the focus of either. Commonly used for a Bokeh (sharp foreground / soft background) effect, selective focus adds a professional looking touch to your pictures.. Always a winner; with selective black and white you can dial down the colour tones of either foreground or background to quickly produce a striking image.. Switch to Pro Mode in the camera app to provide access to shutter speed, exposure, white balance, ISO and focal length.. Use Moto Experiences to better navigate your phone and simplify daily use. The fingerprint doesn't just unlock your phone you know.... Enable one-touch control and you can use the fingerprint sensor to navigate through the Android system, removing the need for the system buttons at the bottom of the screen. A tap of the sensor takes you to Home, a swipe across is Back and a double-tap opens the Multitasking window.. Other navigation experiences include a "Karate Chop" motion to turn on the flashlight or a double-spin of the wrist to launch the camera app.. Unique to the Moto Z range of smartphones (Z, Z Play, Z Force, Z2, Z2 Play, Z2 Force), the Moto Mods platform provides the opportunity to expand your phone beyond its original capabilities.. The original Mods include a JBL Speaker, Hasselblad camera attachment with 10x optical zoom, projector and power pack.. For 2017, Moto has expanded the range with the Moto 360 camera, new JBL Soundboost 2, Gamepad and improved charge packs.. All Mods are sold separately and attach effortlessly to the back of the Z range phone via magnets and the Moto Mods pin connectors. Mods can be swapped out instantly, with the connection and pairing process all built into the Moto software.. The display and embedded lens are warranted against shattering and cracking for four (4) years from the original date of purchase. This warranty s provided directly by Motorola Lenovo and not the retailer. This phone is not shockproof or designed to withstand all damage from dropping. All other warranty exclusions, including scratches and other cosmetic damage, intentional damage or abuse, normal wear and tear and other limitations apply; visit Motorola.com for details and warranty coverage.. Version 7.1.1 (Nougat - Android 8/Oreo update confirmed). Make/Model Octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 MSM8998. Resolution 1440 x 2560 (~534 ppi). Frequencies 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Frequencies 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. Frequencies LTE Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 18, 19, 20, 26, 28, 34, 38, 39, 40, 41, 46. Functions LE, A2DP (Bluetooth 5 following Android O update). Version 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 / 5 GHz). Video Out Yes, wireless via Miracast / Google Home. Other Fingerprint sensor, Moto Mods connector. Flash Laser & Phase Detection Autofocus with LED Flash. Camera Lens 2x IMX 386 sensor (1 Bayer, 1 Clear) ƒ/2.0, 1.25µm. Other Zero Shutter Lag, Depth detection and focus effects.. Type 5 MP, ƒ/2.2 aperture, wide-angle 85° lens, flash. Formats MP3 / AAC / WAV / Flac player. Dimensions 76 x 155.8 x 6.1 mm. Software Google Play, Google Suite, Moto Gestures, Moto Transfer. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 26, 33, 65, 19, 27. Call us on +44 (0)1202 552936 | Email us at sales@clove.co.uk. © Copyright Design and Content Clove Technology. © Copyright Coding and Touch E-commerce platform from Online Retailing. This item has been added to your basket.. This item has been added to your compare list.. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Moto Z2 Force dares you to drop it -- so we did. A shatter-resistant screen, mods and dual cameras: our first impressions (and drops) of the Force.. by July 25, 2017 3:07 PM PDT. Meet the drop-resistant Moto Z2 Force and its crazy mods. Moto Z2 Force is built to survive your accidents. Hands-on impressions Is it worth the upgrade?. Motorola just applied some Force to its Z2 phone line -- the Z2 Force gets dual rear cameras, Android 7.1.1 and a shatter-resistant screen. And, actually, a few more key upgrades.. Last year, Motorola's modular Z phone came in three varieties, and one, the shatter-resistant. Z Force , was exclusive to Verizon in the US. This year, the shatter-resistant Z Force is cross-carrier, and on paper it looks like the best version of the Z to buy. It's thin now, not bulky like last year's model. In fact, forget the name "Z2 Force," because this might as well be the straight-up Z2... it feels more like the sequel to the mainstream Moto Z .. Meet the drop-resistant Moto Z2 Force and its crazy mods. The Moto Z2 Force Edition, as it's officially called, is also like a new step-up version of the. that launched earlier this year, with a series of improvements. What's the difference? The Z2 Force has a better processor, better display, better cameras, more RAM and an impact-resistant ShatterShield display covering. The only thing that's up in the air is battery life. The Z2 Force has a smaller 2,730mAh battery versus the 3,000mAh Z2 Play, and while it also has fast charging, it might mean it's a less impressive road warrior between charges.. In the US, the Z2 Force is arriving on AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular and Verizon starting August 10. AT&T's version will support the DirecTV Now app, and AT&T orders through October 6 will also get a free Lenovo Insta-Share Projector mod -- a pretty fun freebie.. A look at the dual rear cameras on the Z2 Force.. The Z2 Force is really thin -- just 6.1mm -- and feels a lot like last year's Moto Z. It's basically a more premium-ish Z2 Play, as advertised. The dual cameras, in my brief time with the phone so far, are hard to judge. Depth-of-field effects looked pretty mixed, and sometimes created odd patterns of blur in a few test shots.. Motorola even invited us to drop the phones at a test station to see if the ShatterShield screen is up to snuff. I dropped the Z2 Force a bunch of times onto hard brick from about 5 feet up, and the screen (and phone) survived... but the case started to look pretty scuffed up.. We're looking at the Z2 Force in greater depth as you read this: stay tuned for a full review.. The Z2 Play is already a great phone. The Z2 Force should be even better in terms of hardware. It's a pricier phone for sure. It'll cost between $730 and $810 depending on which US carrier you go with, and if you buy it prepaid or as part of a monthly plan (that'll come down to about $30 per month). UK and Australian pricing and availability were not announced, but $800 converts to about £615 or AU$1,000.. For comparison, the Moto Z2 Play costs $500 from Motorola.com, a $200 to $300 savings for a midrange phone we liked a lot. You're paying a fair amount for the Z2 Force's upgrades, and there's a chance that those upgrades just won't be worth it for many people.. The Z2 Force, just like the Z2 Play, works with all existing and upcoming magnetic snap-on Moto Mod accessories. It's slimmer than the Z2 Play, and that's probably why it has a smaller battery.. The Z2 Force's standout feature compared to other Z models is its dual rear cameras, which can be used for depth-of-field effects. One camera's monochrome and the other's color, Moto says.. Still, this phone also has all the other perks that the Z2 Play enjoyed, including a snappier "Show Me" shortcut to voice control and Moto's suite of apps.. The Moto 360 camera costs $300 extra.. Motorola also debuted a new snap-on mod: a 360-degree camera , also available August 10 for $300. The camera can shoot 360-degree or 150-degree wide-angle shots, can shoot 4K video, can sync into Google Photos and can be edited on the phone with Motorola's own software.. The camera mod is part of a phone-sized snap-on back cover with its own battery, and is significantly larger than the upcoming Essential Phone 's smaller clip-on camera design.. The camera was pretty easy to operate in my brief hands-on time so far. Is it better than the competition? That remains to be seen.. PT: Added photos, video and hands-on impressions.. 4GB or 6GB (varies by region). 3GB or 4GB (varies by region). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Hot Products. The best iPhone asks you to think different. Google Home Mini sounds great but lacks vision.. Google Pixel 2 XL: What we know so far. August's affordable Smart Lock is solid, even sans Siri. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Will Galaxy S8, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy Note 8 get AR Emoji? A port should arrive soon!. Do Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus cases and covers work on the Galaxy S9 and S9+?. Galaxy S9 and S9+ are a bit thicker and wider, and slightly smaller than the S8 and S8+. Essential Phone deal: Available for $499 with 360-degree camera. [Deal] Get Huawei Honor V10 for just $460 with this coupon. [Deal] Get Xiaomi Mi A1 32GB for just $200 at GearBest. Verizon Moto Z2 Play Deal: $168 off, available for $10/month. [App deal] Moon+ Reader Pro is available for $2.49 (50% off) till January 4. [Hot Deal] Google Pixelbook gets $100 off at Google, Best Buy and B&H, includes free Home. Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Will Galaxy S8, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy Note 8 get AR Emoji? A port should arrive soon!. Do Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus cases and covers work on the Galaxy S9 and S9+?. Galaxy S9 and S9+ are a bit thicker and wider, and slightly smaller than the S8 and S8+. Essential Phone deal: Available for $499 with 360-degree camera. [Deal] Get Huawei Honor V10 for just $460 with this coupon. [Deal] Get Xiaomi Mi A1 32GB for just $200 at GearBest. Verizon Moto Z2 Play Deal: $168 off, available for $10/month. [App deal] Moon+ Reader Pro is available for $2.49 (50% off) till January 4. [Hot Deal] Google Pixelbook gets $100 off at Google, Best Buy and B&H, includes free Home. Home Root How to Root Moto Z2 Force. September 15, 2017 - 4:59 PM. Root Moto Z2 Force using Magisk. Well, first of unlock bootloader of your Moto Z2 Force using the guide linked. your phone to PC with a USB cable. on PC in the folder where you have the boot image file (from step 2) on your PC. For this, go to that folder, and then in the address bar, type. A command window will open, whose folder location will be where you have the downloaded boot image file. fastboot flash boot <filename with .img extesion>. Now restart your device with this command. When your Z2 Force turns on, download. (Transfer it to phone if you download it on PC.). Install the Magisk app using any file manager app, and run it to gain root access.. Table of content Motorola Moto Z2 Force. Root Warning! Compatibility Moto Z2 Force Root Guide Root Moto Z2 Force using Magisk. Even the TWRP recovery for the Moto Z2 Force is yet to arrive, you would be glad to know that the root access on the device has already been achieved. The success comes via Magisk root tool, that allows you to gain access through a patched boot.img file, and that’s what has been done here.. Big kudos for the Moto Z2 Force root goes to. @themustached over at XDA, who patched the Z2 Force’s boot image which Magisk app can successfully root. Other users/developers who put in valuable efforts for this are:. @mr turtle droid and @joemossjr .. In order to gain superuser access on your Moto Z2 Force, you would need to install/flash the patched boot.img files provided below to your device. Right now, it’s working for both the T-Mobile and Sprint Moto Z2 Force variants , that are running the August security patch, because that’s the boot image that has been patched. So, make sure you have the August patch installed on your T-Mobile/Sprint Z2 Force.. ‘ Moto G5S Plus TWRP recovery and root access ‘. Until we have TWRP recovery for the Moto Z2 Force, we can’t fun with custom ROMs, even though you might be dying to try one like LineageOS 15 ROM as it comes with Android 8.0. Speaking of which, Motorola has revealed its Oreo update release plans earlier , and that includes the Z2 Force (obviously).. Check out our full coverage on Moto Z2 Force LineageOS 15 ROM downloads and device list here.. Do not try anything given on this page if you do not know completely what you are doing. In case any damage occurs, we won’t be held responsible.. The stuff given on this page is compatible only with the Motorola Moto Z2 Force, codename sanders. Do not try this on any other device as you might end up damaging your device.. NOTE: Only the T-Mobile and Sprint model of Moto Z2 Force can be rooted right now. Moreover, the August security patch update should be installed on the device.. └ Check your phone’s screen, if it asks for “Allow USB debugging”, accept it by selecting OK/Yes.. So, if you have the T-Mobile variant, the command will be: fastboot flash boot. while if it’s the Sprint Z2 Force in your hand, then the command will be fastboot flash boot. To verify, download/install any root checker app from the Play Store.. Do let us know if you need any help with rooting Moto Z2 Force.. how to Magisk Moto Z2 Force Motorola Motorola Moto Z2 Force Root Access SuperSU TWRP Recovery. Kapil still loves his Galaxy S2 i9100!. And Galaxy Nexus! Need we say more what kind of guy he is? And he's also a die-hard Liverpool FC fan.. Official TWRP recovery available for Xiaomi Redmi 5A, Note 5A Prime/Y1, and Note 5A/Y1 Lite. Xiaomi Redmi 5 and 5 Plus TWRP recovery and Root guide. How to root Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL via Magisk without TWRP recovery. Pixel 2 root and TWRP recovery: Alpha build now available for download. Asus ZenFone 4 Max TWRP recovery and Root guide. Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Xiaomi Mi Band 3: Rumors, Specs, Release date and more. Facebook Smart Speaker: All you need to know. Top 5 drawing apps on Android for kids. Qualcomm Snapdragon 670 processor: All you need to know. Top movies for kids available on Google Play Movies. Copyright 2017 - The Android Soul. We’re hiring! Think you have got awesome writing skills,. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Motorola Manuals Cell Phone Moto Z2 Force Read me Motorola Moto Z2 Force Read Me. Also See for Moto Z2 Force. User manual - 57 pages. please read the safety, regulatory and legal. Also See for Motorola Moto Z2 Force. Motorola Moto Z2 Play User Manual 57 pages. Related Manuals for Motorola Moto Z2 Force. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Zine ZN5 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto z droid User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Z Play User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTO 68004061015 Getting Started Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Q Moto Q Cellular Telephone and PDA Getting Started. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Q Q Owner's Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTO QTM User Manual. Motorola moto zine zn5 mobile phone user's guide (86 pages). Motorola cell phone getting started guide (71 pages). Motorola cell phone user guide (16 pages). Motorola mobile phone owner's manual (109 pages). Motorola cell phone user manual (86 pages). Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR MOTORAZRTM User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V8 Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V8 Service Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 68002425001 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9m Getting Started Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 Service Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 User Manual. Motorola cell phone user guide (64 pages). Motorola mobile cell phone brochure (10 pages). Motorola mobile phone quick start guide (44 pages). Motorola cell phone user guide (11 pages). Wcdma 850/1900, wcdma 2100 gsm 850/900/1800/1900 mhz edge, gprs (88 pages). Summary of Contents for Motorola Moto Z2 Force. read me Caution: Before using your phone, please read the safety, regulatory and legal information provided with your product.. To view the SAR values for your phone, visit https://motorola.com/ sar. To view additional SAR information on your phone, swipe up >.... At a glance Let’s get started. We’ll guide you through startup and tell you about your phone. Note: Software updates happen frequently, so your phone may look a little different. Proximity SIM & microSD Sensor Card Slots Front Flash Camera 11:35 Back Cameras.... Put in the cards Your phone also supports using an optional microSD card. Caution: Make sure you use the correct size SIM card and don’t cut the SIM card. Nano SIM Put in the nano SIM and memory cards. With the phone facing Put in the SIM card with down, insert the SIM the gold contacts up.. Finish up Connect your charger to charge your phone fully and turn the power on. Then select your language and follow the screen prompts to get started. Note: Your phone comes with a USB-C 3A-compliant charger for the fastest charging speeds. Use of other chargers is not recommended.. Moto Mods™ Transform your phone into a movie projector, a boombox, a battery powerhouse, and more. Swap out Moto Mods throughout the day to get the performance you need when you need it, and add new Moto Mods to your collection at any time.. Home screen & settings From the home screen, you can explore apps, check notifications, speak commands, and more. • Add a shortcut: Swipe up , tap and hold an app, then drag it to your home screen. • Settings: To change your display brightness, Wi-Fi and more, swipe the status bar down with two fingers.. Discover your Moto app Explore special features designed to save you time and make your day easier. Find it: Moto • Moto Actions: Use gestures as shortcuts. • Moto Display: See notifications at a glance. • Moto Voice: Speak to control your phone. Note: Your phone may not have all features.. Photos Two rear cameras provide clear, professional looking photos right in your hand. • Launch it: Even if your phone is asleep, open your camera with two twists of your wrist. • Blur it: Add a blur effect to photos while keeping your subject in focus.. • Everything Moto Z Force: Get software, user guides, and more at www.motorola.com/mymotoz. • Moto Mods: Learn more about the endless possibilities at www.motorola.com/mymotomods. • Get apps: Tap Play Store to buy and download apps.. For your safety, the battery in your mobile device should only be removed by a Motorola approved service center or independent qualified professional. Don’t try to remove or replace the battery yourself—doing so may damage the battery and could cause burning and injury.. Arbitration & Opt-out Except where prohibited by law, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to any Motorola product will be resolved by binding arbitration, instead of in court, unless you opt-out. To opt-out, send a written rejection notice within 30 days of purchase that includes.... Protect your phone with Moto Care Protection. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Motorola Moto Z2 Force - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 8 9 ». Vishal Solanki, 15 Feb 2018 This phone Release in india after 1 year same Moto. Polomarco, 07 Feb 2018 I have to buy a phone and I'm confused at to which is better. The Moto Z2 Force or the G5s plu... more Offcourse moto z2 force is better because it has snapdrangon 835 moto g5 plus has 625 but i will suggest u oneplus 5t. This phone Release in india after 1 year same Moto. No Oreo as Project Update schedule & Price of Rs. Go to buy if you are fool. I am planning to buy and I have only Two option now. Both are good in all function and it has cheaper than Moto Z2 Force.. Why no add OIS feature, what is wrong?. Saurav, 13 Feb 2018 Display is small and price is high 5.5" screen is small?. Display is small and price is high. Depends on your budget, Moto G5s is for mid-range and Z2 Force is the high end.. wow great fone by all sides .. after moto z play i love moto z2 .. great work mototola thnx for dis machine .... 2 mods I like the best. I have to buy a phone and I'm confused at to which is better. The Moto Z2 Force or the G5s plus. Thanks in advance for any suggestions.. Nightshade13, 05 Feb 2018 I have this phone. I had a Moto X Force before and the screen got scratched, even d... more Did you have any peeling issues? Recently bought z2 force and am now quite worried about it getting peeled off :(. Jijesh Kumar, 30 Jul 2017 See the battery... only 2730mAh..??? so pathetic...!!! I thought that too. Truth is, it's so much more efficient I get 5 1/2 hrs SoT with 21% battery left when playing CPU/GPS intensive games like PoGo or Ingress. In my book, that's astounding! I thought I'd be buying the TurboCharging mod within a week!. Like cameras, it's not just about the numbers.. Anonymous, 14 Aug 2017 Can someone enlighten me? I'm looking for a new phone. And I can't make the decission. - At least 4 GB Ram, prefer 6GB -XT1789-06 has 6Gb. - At least 64 GB internal memory -XT1789-06 has 64Gb. - Micro SD slot -Moto Z2 Force does. - Snapdragon 835 ,Exynos 8895 or any up coming/current hi-end chipset -Moto Z2 Force does -835 chipset Pixel/S8 does. - Minimum 5 inches display and minimum 1080p resolution -Moto Z2 Force. - Somewhat durable -Moto Z2 Force has has the ace here with Shattershield. - Front facing stereo speaker -Not in Moto Z2 Force. - Any fast charging technology -Moto Z2 Force does. - Can be updated to Android O -Moto Z2 Force does (mine even has already). - Ability to flash custom rom -Moto Z2 Force does (I believe). Not sure about Pixel (why would you want to)/S8. - Wireless charging -Moto Z2 Force does - add (an overpriced imo) back cover mod. - Decent camera -Moto Z2 Force does. Impressed with it, but it's not a Pixel. - AMOLED display -Moto Z2 Force does. I have the Z2 Force and I love it. Same kind of specs as the Galaxy Note 8 without the Samsungware.. I had a Moto X Force before and the screen got scratched, even dented, but never smashed. So far, I'm being better at looking after my Z2 Force!. Scratching the screen is definitely possible, but far less easy to do than the X Force. If you are worried about that, get a screen protector. The biggest surprise for me was the one button nav feature where you get your screen back and use the F/P reader to mimic the Back/Menu/Home/Google Assistant buttons and the on screen buttons are gone. Other than that, the other Moto Functions (like "Twist for Quick Capture" - so good, the Pixel has it now and "Approach for Moto Display" and the others) are all still there. It's narrower than the X Force so easier to use 1 handed. 5 1/2 hours of Ingress SoT with 21% remaining still, so despite it being a smaller battery than I'd like, it's exceeding my expectations. You guys should use Pokemon Go as a battery test!. Moto Mods are absolutely flawless in their implementation. It also benchmarks very very well (I have the XT1789-06 6Gb RAM/64Gb internal version). On top of all of that, it just got Oreo. The camera is better than any Moto I've used before it and is definitely very usable, where before it has been quite hit and miss for quality. At the end of the day, it's not as good as the Pixel camera though. Just a shame it's so hard to buy (it's not available in Australia in any form). There should be more marketing for this thing. Bentley, 05 Jan 2018 Not a bad phone at all. My major issue with this phone is the screen. more Yes, the screen is what stoped me fron getting one, it scratches due to being shatter resistant, it is not cristal as other ones, so, no shatter-easy to scratch, scratch resistant-shatter prone. JakaDMC, 28 Jan 2018 I think Xiaomi 6 and Oneplus 5 good for custom rom right u r.. Anonymous, 28 Aug 2017 1 - XZ Premium 2 - HTC U11 3 - Z2 Force --- Avoid Samsung. I think Xiaomi 6 and Oneplus 5 good for custom rom. Bring this state the art of engineering world wide please, lenovo marketing real bad, motorola seen a lot in hands of engineer & IT but the sales not doing well. I got this phone and its a really good phone, I just got the Moto mod projector, and I must say, I'm glad I did, the picture is clear, and bright, down side the battery of the projector mod is not that great. Pages: 1 2 3 … 8 9 ». Total of 164 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto Z2 Force .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto X4 OnePlus 5T Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Samsung Galaxy S8. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Pros / Cons Expert Review Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: 15 February, 2018 |. (5/5) 1 ratings Rate now. 12MP+12 MP Dual lens Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 1440 x 2560 pixels. Octa-core (4x2.35 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo). Motorola Moto Z2 Force is launched in India on 15 Feb 2018. Guaranteed not to crack or shatter, so you’re guaranteed not to stress about the device. The moto shattershield guarantees your screen not to crack. The device is equipped with two 12 MP rear cameras for brilliant, professional-looking photos, every time. In addition there is also an enhanced real-time control so you know what you captured is good to go. The Google photos app present on board, makes it simple to automatically backup your photos and videos, hence they are always safe and secure. Elegantly, you now no need to worry about passcodes Just unlock your device instantly with touch of your finger. With many possibilities, you can add powerful stereo speakers, a 360 camera, a projector, and 100% more battery life—in a snap. Moto Z2 will be available in ‎Super Black, Fine Gold and Lunar Grey.. The device features 5.5” Quad HD 1440p Super AMOLED display guaranteed not to crack or shatter. Wrapped in a sleek 7000 series aluminum unibody, the phone looks slim. So, be confident to get more posey.. The smartphone makes use of an Octa-core (4x2.35 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo), Qualcomm MSM8998 Snapdragon 835 that is coupled with Adreno 540 GPU. The processor is really very fast, making data speeds to be the fastest. The 4/6GB RAM and 64GB Storage default memory capacity, which can be expanded up to another Up to 256GB with the help of a microSD Card. Such kind of RAM and memory, makes you to store n number of apps at a time. The faster RAM won’t let you slow down while flipping among multiple number of apps at a time.. The mobile is equipped with dual 12 MP rear cameras for brilliant, professional-looking photos, every time. There are also enhanced real-time controls so you know what you captured is good to go. The wide angle 5MP selfie camera with LED flash, enables with crisp shots covering more people in a selfie. Selective focus adds a blur effect to the background or foreground of images, while keeping the main subject in crystal clear focus.. The connectivity aspects on board includes Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot, 4.2, A2DP, EDR, LE, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB OTG, with A-GPS, GLONASS. The smartphone gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Ion 2730 mAh battery.You get Up to 24 hours of power with a single boost. Incredibly, you get hours of power in few minutes of charging.. The mobile is equipped with the best of Google’s certified version firmware- Nougat 7.1.1. The uninterrupted service will make you approach towards the least tiresome experience, while operating the device.. Accelerometer, Ambient Light, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Barometer, Proximity, Ultrasonic, and Audio monitor. The intelligent and smart fingerprint sensor ensures all photos, files, messages, and documents, accessible only after you touch.. For hi tech gadget lovers, Moto Z2 Force pens down with the best price at INR 34,999/-. The price looks ideal for those, willing to possess features extravagantly.. Shatterproof screen takes impact without any damages. Camera performance could have been better. Screen does not offer 18:9 aspect ratio. Moto Z2 Force Review: Late to the party but still a winner. The mobile technology market moves rapidly. The developments in this specific field unfold in months; even weeks and you can be long forgotten if you fail to match up the market trends. Something similar could have happened with Moto Z2 Force. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v8.0 (Oreo) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date July 2017 Indian Release Date 15 February, 2018 BODY Dimensions 155.8 x 76 x 6.1 mm Weight 143 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive touchscreen Technology (Display Type) P-OLED PROCESSOR CPU Octa-core (4x2.35 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo) GPU Adreno 540 Chipset Qualcomm MSM8998 Snapdragon 835 STORAGE Internal Storage 64 GB Storage RAM 4/6 GB RAM External Storage Up to 256 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 12 MP + 12 MP Dual Camera Front Camera 5 MP Camera Video Recording 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60/120fps, 720p@240fps Camera Features HDR, 4K Video recording, MULTIMEDIA Audio Player AAC, AAC+, MIDI, WAV, eAAC+, MP3 Video Player MPEG4, H.263, WMV, H.264 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 2730 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 4.2, A2DP, EDR, LE USB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB OTG GPS Facility with A-GPS, GLONASS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor, Water proof. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus (2018) (64GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 8 GB 16MP. Honor View 10 (128GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 6 GB 16MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTkxNzk5fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Moto G5S Plus unboxing and First Impressions. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Highlighted Features. Latest Motorola Moto Z2 Force NEWS. Moto Z2 Force with shatterpoof display launched at Rs. 34,999; sale debuts tonight February 15, 2018. Motorola announced the Moto Z2 Force smartphone back in July 2017. Now, the device has been launched in India along with the TurboPower Pack Moto Mod. The second-generation Moto Z2 Force comes with the ShatterShield technology that offers the same level. Moto Z2 Force will be launched in India today: Watch the live stream here February 15, 2018. Moto Z2 Force is all set to be launched in India today. This will be the successor to the Moto Z Force and will be the first one to be launched by the company in India this year. Moto Z2 Force India launch pegged for February 15 February 10, 2018. Lenovo-owned Motorola has started sending out media invites for a new smartphone launch in the country. From the invites, we get to know that the company is all set to launch the Moto Z2 Force to the Indian market on February. Moto Z2 Force Review: Late to the party but still a winner February 20, 2018. The mobile technology market moves rapidly. The developments in this specific field unfold in months; even weeks and you can be long forgotten if you fail to match up the market trends. Something similar could have happened with Moto Z2 Force.. Motorola Moto X4 (64GB - 4GB RAM). Motorola Moto G5s Plus (64GB - 4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
The hottest deals voted on by our community. Selected and verified by our team of deal editors.. These deals are currently popular in the. community based on votes and comments.. Create or Manage Deal Alerts. Never miss out on a great deal again. alerts for your favorite stores, categories, or. products and we'll instantly alert you when a new. The deals and coupons you see on Slickdeals are. Do you have a great deal to share. Never miss out on a great deal again. Set up deal alerts for your favorite stores, categories, or products and we'll instantly alert you when a new deal is posted. Here are a few of our most popular alerts. Create or manage deal alerts from the Deal Alert Management page. Hands-on with Slickdeals: Huawei Mate 10 Pro... Target Coupon Tips: How to Stack Your In-Store... If you're like me, you absolutely.... ClassPass Review – Is It a Deal or Should You... When you work a nine-to-five desk.... How to Get the Best LA Fitness Membership Deals. Search in First Post and Title. See Best Buy's new Digital Weekly Ad here!. Motorola Moto Z2 Force - T-mobile $375. Users like you have given feedback on this thread:. To give your opinion, vote using the thumbs above.. T-mobile has the Moto Z2 Force for $375+tax ( or $15 down, $15 x 24 months on EIP ) down from their already decreased price of $500. Was in the $720 range when it first came out. Looks like a decent phone with Snapdragon 835. Maybe smallish battery is a deal-breaker for some. I saw that there are some decent deals for MOTO MODS to enhance battery life, camera etc. You have chosen to thumb up this deal.. You have chosen to thumb down this deal.. You gave rep to shoptrash for this post.. Tech & Electronics > Phones > Smartphones. Tech & Electronics > Phones > Cell Phones. If you purchase something through a post on our site, Slickdeals may get a small share of the sale.. Users like you have given feedback on this thread:. To give your opinion, vote using the thumbs above.. You have chosen to thumb up this deal.. You have chosen to thumb down this deal.. Create a deal alert for Smartphones. Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad.. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. My kid has abused his Turbo 2 with no case or screen protector for 2 years and it's fine. Beat to hell but it's fine. Last edited by markandleigh November 22, 2017 at 10:51 AM.. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. If you're upgrading one of your lines,no. I just ordered one and all I paid was $375+tax. Didn't have the to pay for the sim kit. Btw, if you are a Costco member, you can try through their website and they will throw in $25 Costco gift card and a FREE Accessory Bonus Pack (don't know what's inside ). This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Does 25 dollar coupon work on mobile?. If you're upgrading one of your lines,no. I just ordered one and all I paid was $375+tax. Didn't have the to pay for the sim kit. Btw, if you are a Costco member, you can try through their website and they will throw in $25 Costco gift card and a FREE Accessory Bonus Pack (don't know what's inside ). This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Full retail price: Was: $ 500 Now: $ 750 ($250.00 Savings). This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. It is a Costco cash card. You can use it at Costco stores and costco.com. Does 25 dollar coupon work on mobile?. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. if you mean the $25 of $250 on costco.com purchases coupon: No it won't work since you have to complete the purchase through t-mobile.com and pay them directly.. It is a Costco cash card. You can use it at Costco stores and costco.com. Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad.. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Did you try the link that I have posted? I just check again. Full retail price: Was: $ 500 Now: $ 750 ($250.00 Savings). This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Is this worth the premium over the moto z play?. Does tmo offer the 6/128 variant?. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. If I'm on a prepaid plan how do I get the phone for this price? In the past I've checked to see if I could by a phone on the Tmobile website without having to get the SIM kit, but when I sign onto my account it doesn't seem to recognize that I'm an existing customer.. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Not sure I would go with the z play. The only reason I go with the z Force is because of the unbreakable screen.. Is this worth the premium over the moto z play?. Does tmo offer the 6/128 variant?. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. The screen is unbreakable, but buyer beware, it's plastic and VERY PRONE to scratching. Was very tempted to buy this phone during the buy 1 get 1 deal with the free projector and free battery pack, and went to the store to look at it, and it had only been on display 2 days and the display one was scratched... You can see the durability test here:. Not sure I would go with the z play. The only reason I go with the z Force is because of the unbreakable screen.. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Get notified on new deals directly in your inbox or on your phone.... By adding this Deal Alert, you'll be notified automatically any time we find a popular deal that matches these keywords:. We will never share your email address with a third party. Your vote will help the community find the best deals.. You have chosen to thumb up this deal.. You have chosen to thumb down this deal.. Say thanks by giving them Reputation Points. Giving Reputation Points is a great way to show your appreciation for their work.. Top T-Mobile Coupons & Promo Codes. Buy iPhone 7, 7 plus, 8, 8 plus, or X, Get Another Free. Buy Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 +, S8 Active, or Note 8, Get Another Free. $50 Off T-Mobile Wi-Fi CellSpot Router + Free Shipping. Cricket Wireless: Samsung Galaxy S8 $350 with port-in, new line. APPLE IPHONE 6 OR 6S WITH MFI-CERTIFIED LIGHTNING CABLE AND GENERIC POWER ADAPTER (refurb. UNLOCKED) + $10 GC fs @ ds $159.99. Moto X4 Smartphone (Unlocked) - $299.99 via Motorola.com. TracFone LG Rebel Phone + 1 Yr. Service w/ 1200 Talk/Text/Data $50 + Free Shipping. Straight Talk: 32GB Apple iPhone 6s + 3-Months Prepaid Service (UNL Talk / Text / 2G Data + 10GB LTE Data) $304 + Free S/H. Free Alexa Echo with Moto X- $349.99. Nike: Extra Savings on Already-Reduced Items Extra 25% off + Free S/H w/ Nike+ Acct. Craftsman 2-Beam Self-Leveling Laser Level $41.39 + Free Shipping ~ Sears. Best Crochet Hooks, Ergonomic Handles for Extreme Comfort, Perfect Hook Set for Arthritic Hands, Smooth Needles for Superior Results $2. KMART -ShopYour Way, Spend $40 in Bed, Bath and/or home items, get $40 back in points.. 48-Count of 0.98oz Quaker Instant Grits Variety Pack $5.54 or Less w/ S&S + Free Shipping ~ Amazon. Under Armour $40 off $100 code back. HP EliteBook Revolve 810 G3 11.6 Touch Laptop i5-5200u 4GB 128GB W10P w/ Pen $400 + Free Shipping (eBay Daily Deal). 200lb CAP Dumbbell Set in store at Costco YMMV $149.97. Target: Threshold 100% Cotton Flannel Sheet Set, Beige, Size Full $8.38 (Save 65%). (With Pickup savings) YMMV Lasko 20" Wind Tunnel with Remote Control $9. Hands-on with Slickdeals: Huawei Mate 10 Pro Review. Hands-on with Slickdeals: Motorola Moto X4 Review (Android One Version). Is the Motorola Moto G5 Plus a Good Alternative to an $800 Smartphone?. Hands-On with the Huawei Mate 9. Where to Sell Your Old Electronics for Cash or Trade-In Credit. • Student Scholarships & Discounts. Did this coupon work for you?. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. FREE SHIPPING ON ALL US ORDERS. Recently added item(s) ×. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Devices View All Devices iPhone Cases View All iPhone Cases iPhone X Cases iPhone 8 Cases iPhone 8 Plus Cases iPhone 7 Cases iPhone 7 Plus Cases iPhone SE Cases iPhone 6s Cases iPhone 6 Cases iPhone 6s Plus Cases iPhone 6 Plus Cases iPhone 5 & iPhone 5s Cases Smartphone Cases View All Smartphone Cases Samsung Smartphone Cases View All Samsung Smartphone Cases Samsung Galaxy S9 Cases Samsung Galaxy S9+ Cases Samsung Galaxy Note8 Cases Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Case Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases Samsung Galaxy S8+ Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Alcatel Cases View All Alcatel Cases Alcatel U50 Cases Alcatel A50 Cases Alcatel A30 Fierce Cases IDOL 4S Cases ASUS Cases View All ASUS Cases ASUS Zenfone V Live Cases ASUS ZenFone V Cases ASUS ZenFone AR Cases BlackBerry Cases View All BlackBerry Cases BlackBerry Motion Cases BlackBerry KEYone Cases BlackBerry DTEK60 Cases BlackBerry DTEK50 Cases BlackBerry PRIV Cases BlackBerry Leap Cases Coolpad Cases View All Coolpad Cases Coolpad Alchemy Cases Essential Cases View All Essential Cases Essential Cases Google Smartphone Cases View All Google Smartphone Cases Google Pixel 2 XL Cases Google Pixel 2 Cases Google Pixel XL Cases Google Pixel Cases Google Nexus 6P Cases Google Nexus 5X Cases HTC Smartphone Cases View All HTC Smartphone Cases HTC U11+ Cases HTC U11 Life Cases HTC U11 Cases HTC One X10 Cases HTC U Play Cases HTC U Ultra Cases HTC Bolt Cases HTC Desire 530 Cases HTC 10 Cases Huawei Smartphone Cases View All Huawei Smartphone Cases Huawei Mate 10 Pro Cases Huawei Honor 8 Pro Cases Huawei Honor V9 Cases Huawei Mate 9 Pro Cases Huawei Mate 9 Cases Huawei P8 Lite Cases Huawei Honor 6x Cases Huawei Nova Cases Huawei P10 Plus Cases Huawei P10 Cases Huawei P10 Lite Cases Huawei Honor 8 Cases Huawei Nexus 6P Cases Kyocera Cases View All Kyocera Cases Kyocera DuraForce Pro LG Smartphone Cases View All LG Smartphone Cases LG Tribute Dynasty Cases LG Q6 Cases LG V30 Cases LG X Charge Cases LG K3 Cases LG X venture Cases LG G6 Cases LG Stylo 3 Plus Cases LG Stylo 3 Cases LG K20 V Cases LG Phoenix 3 Cases LG Aristo Cases LG V20 Cases LG G5 Cases Meizu Smartphone Cases View All Meizu Smartphone Cases Meizu M3 Note Cases Motorola Smartphone Cases View All Motorola Smartphone Cases Motorola Moto X4 Cases Motorola Moto Z2 Force Cases Motorola Moto Z2 Play Cases Motorola E4 Plus (International) Cases Motorola Moto E4 Plus Cases Motorola E4 (International) Cases Motorola Moto E4 Cases Motorola Moto G5s Plus Cases Motorola Moto G5s Cases Motorola Moto G5 Plus Cases Motorola Moto G5 Cases Motorola Moto G4 Play Cases Motorola Moto G4 Plus Cases Motorola Moto G4 Cases Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Cases Nokia Lumia Cases View All Nokia Lumia Cases Nokia 6 Cases Sony Smartphone Cases View All Sony Smartphone Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Cases Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Cases Sony Xperia XZ1 Cases Sony Xperia XZ Premium Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Cases Sony Xperia L1 Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Cases Sony Xperia XZs Cases Sony Xperia XA Ultra Cases Sony Xperia X Performance Cases ZTE Smartphone Cases View All ZTE Smartphone Cases ZTE Maven 3 Cases ZTE Blade X Cases ZTE ZMAX Pro Cases ZTE Maven 2 Cases ZTE ZMAX 2 Cases ZTE Maven Cases iPad Cases View All iPad Cases iPad Pro Cases View All iPad Pro Cases iPad Pro 10.5 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 (2nd Generation) Cases iPad Pro 9.7 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 (1st Generation) Cases iPad 9.7 (5th Generation) Cases iPad Air 2 Cases iPad Air Cases iPad mini 4 Cases iPad mini 1/2/3 Cases iPad 2/3/4 Cases Tablet & Laptop Sleeves Tablet Cases View All Tablet Cases Microsoft Surface Cases & Sleeves View All Microsoft Surface Cases & Sleeves Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Cases Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Cases Microsoft Surface Pro (2013)/Pro 2 Cases Microsoft Surface 3 Cases Microsoft Surface RT Cases Samsung Cases View All Samsung Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8 Cases Samsung Galaxy Book 12" Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7" (2016) Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Cases Samsung Galaxy TabPRO S Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Cases Amazon Kindle Cases & Sleeves View All Amazon Kindle Cases & Sleeves Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle Fire (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle Fire HD 10 Cases Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 (2015) Cases ASUS Cases View All ASUS Cases ASUS ZenPad Z8s Cases ASUS ZenPad Z10 Cases ASUS ZenPad Z8 Cases AT&T Cases View All AT&T Cases AT&T Trek 2 HD LG Cases View All LG Cases LG G Pad F2 8.0 Cases LG G Pad X II 10.1 Tablet Cases LG G Pad X 10.1 Tablet Cases LG G Pad X8.3 Tablet Cases Verizon Ellipsis Cases View All Verizon Ellipsis Cases Verizon Ellipsis 10 HD Cases Verizon Ellipsis 10 Cases Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD Cases Verizon Ellipsis 8 Cases ZTE Tablet Cases View All ZTE Tablet Cases ZTE ZPad 8 Cases Laptop Cases View All Laptop Cases MacBook Cases & Sleeves View All MacBook Cases & Sleeves MacBook Pro 2016 Cases MacBook 12in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 13in Cases MacBook Pro 13in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 15in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 15in Cases MacBook Pro 17in Cases MacBook Air 11in Cases MacBook Air 13in Cases Microsoft Surface Book Cases & Sleeves View All Microsoft Surface Book Cases & Sleeves Microsoft Surface Book 2 13.5in Sleeves Microsoft Surface Book Sleeves Lenovo N23 Chromebook Cases Microsoft Surface Laptop Cases & Sleeves 13in Cases & Sleeves 15in Cases & Sleeves Power View All Power iPhone Wireless Chargers Smart Cases View All Smart Cases iPhone 7 Plus Smart Cases iPhone 7 Smart Cases iPhone 6/6s Smart Cases iPhone SE Battery Cases iPhone 5/5s Battery Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Battery Cases Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Battery Case Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Battery Cases Motorola Moto Z Droid Battery Cases Portable Battery Packs Wireless Charging USB-C Charging Cables View All Charging Cables Lightning Cables Micro-USB Cables USB-C Cables Wall Chargers Car Chargers & Accessories Accessories View All Accessories ClamCase Keyboards Google Accessories View All Google Accessories Daydream View VR Google Home Mini Accessories Apple Watch Accessories View All Apple Watch Accessories Apple Watch Series 1 Bands Apple Watch Series 2 Bands Apple Watch Series 3 Bands Apple TV Accessories Auto Accessories Audio Earbuds CommandKit Accessories Screen Protection View All Screen Protection iPhone Screen Protectors View All iPhone Screen Protectors iPhone X Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protector iPhone SE Screen Protectors iPhone 6/6s Screen Protectors iPhone 6/6s Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 5/5s Screen Protectors Samsung Screen Protectors View All Samsung Screen Protectors Galaxy Note8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8+ Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 edge Screen Protectors Galaxy J7 (2017) Screen Protectors Galaxy J1 (2016) Screen Protectors Smartphone Screen Protectors View All Smartphone Screen Protectors Alcatel Screen Protectors View All Alcatel Screen Protectors A30 Fierce Screen Protectors Essential Screen Protectors View All Essential Screen Protectors Essential Screen Protectors Google Screen Protectors View All Google Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 Screen Protectors Google Pixel Screen Protectors Google Pixel XL Screen Protectors Google Nexus 5X Screen Protectors HTC Screen Protectors View All HTC Screen Protectors HTC 10 Screen Protectors LG Screen Protectors View All LG Screen Protectors LG G6 Screen Protectors LG V20 Screen Protectors LG G5 Screen Protectors LG V10 Screen Protectors Microsoft Screen Protectors View All Microsoft Screen Protectors Microsoft Lumia 650 Screen Protectors Motorola Screen Protectors View All Motorola Screen Protectors Motorola Moto Z2 Force Screen Protectors Motorola Moto Z2 Play Screen Protectors Motorola Moto G4 / G4 Plus Screen Protectors Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Screen Protectors Sony Screen Protectors View All Sony Screen Protectors Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Screen Protector Tablet Screen Protectors View All Tablet Screen Protectors iPad Screen Protectors View All iPad Screen Protectors iPad 9.7 Screen Protectors iPad Pro Screen Protectors iPad Air 2 Screen Protectors iPad Air Screen Protectors iPad mini 4 Screen Protectors iPad mini 1/2/3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Screen Protectors View All Microsoft Surface Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro/Pro 2 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface 3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface RT Screen Protectors Samsung Screen Protectors View All Samsung Screen Protectors Galaxy Book 12" Screen Protectors Galaxy Tab S3 Screen Protectors Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Nintendo Switch Screen Protection Moto Mods Accessories Nintendo Switch Accessories Universal Cases & Sleeves View All Universal Cases & Sleeves Universal 8-inch Folios Universal 10-inch Folios Stylus Pens Collections View All Collections Design Series Esquire Series Oh Joy! x Incipio TheMintGardener x Incipio OneCanoeTwo x Incipio Baron Von Fancy x Incipio. $10.00 - $19.99 (4). $20.00 - $29.99 (2). $70.00 - $79.99 (1). $80.00 and above (1). Black (5). Camo Black (1). Gray (1). Gunmetal (1). Iridescent Black/Black (1). Iridescent Champagne (1). Iridescent Champagne/Gray (1). Iridescent Rose Gold/Pink (1). Multi Glitter (1). Navy (2). Raspberry (3). Sand (2). White (2). Thank you for signing up for our education discount!. Check your inbox for your 15% off sitewide coupon!. Here are some essentials we think you’d like!. Free USPS First Class shipping offered to all US addresses - No order minimums!. Sign up for our monthly newsletter and be the first to know about new products and deals!. All orders must be placed by 12PM PST. hanukkah - december 6 (us only). christmas - december 25 (us only). estimated delivery: (order by today). estimated delivery: (order by today). estimated delivery: (order by today). 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Motorola Moto Z2 Force Specification and result of tested conditions.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. What Makes The Moto Z2 Force So Special?. Moto Z2 Force With TurboPower Moto Mod Review. Moto Z2 Force: First 10 Things to Do!. Moto Z2 Force Review: A Force To Be Reckoned With?. Moto Z2 Force Unboxing and First Impressions. Moto Z2 Force with 6GB RAM Unboxing & Overview (Indian Unit). Moto z2 force specifications and price. Android 8.0 Oreo On OnePlus 5T. Moto Z2 Force Best Point TO Buy or Not To Buy,Best Smartphone with Unique Features,Moto Z2 Force. Mit bruchsicherem Display: Moto Z2 Force Unboxing (Deutsch) | SwagTab. Moto Z2 Force Price | Moto Z2 Force Review India. Android Oreo in vivo phones in Hindi. OnePlus 5T Oreo Speed Test vs OnePlus 5 and New Features!. Moto Z2 Force Unboxing and First Look - Shatterproof 6GB RAM - My Opinions. How to Update to Android Oreo 8.0 from Nougat & Marshmallow !!!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Moto Z2 Force Edition review: Solid Android smartphone for Moto Mod users. | August 3, 2017 -- 13:00 GMT (21:00 GMT+08:00). Native Google interface with useful Moto Actions and Moto Display. Nano coating, but no advertised IP rating. Specifications Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 octa-core Display : 5.5 inch 2560x1440 pixels resolution POLED ShatterShield Operating system : Android 7.1.1 Nougat RAM : 4GB Storage : 64GB internal with microSD expansion card slot Water and dust resistance : Water repellent nano-coating Cameras : Dual rear 12 megapixel IMX 386 sensors, 1.25µm pixel, f/2.0 aperture cameras. Front 5 megapixel with f/2.2 aperture Battery : 2730 mAh with Turbo Charge charging technology Wireless connectivity : 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2 (5.0 after Android O update), NFC Sensors : Fingerprint, G-Sensor, Gyroscope, Compass, Ambient Light, Proximity, Edge Sensor Dimensions : 155.8 x 76 x 6.1 mm and 143 grams Hardware. Moto Mods Software Price and competition Daily usage experiences and conclusion. I still have an evaluation Moto Z Force Droid from Verizon that I use occasionally to test Moto Mods and the Verizon network. It was one of my favorite devices from last year thanks in large part to the Moto Mods support, stock Android experience, and long battery life.. The new Moto Z2 Force Edition is similar to the Moto Z Force Droid, but thankfully is launching on other carriers besides Verizon. It also supports Moto Mods and has a stock Android experience, but comes with a much smaller battery. After a week of use, see my first impressions from last week , it is a good successor to the Z Force Droid and on my top five list for 2017.. Moto Mods are handy ways to extend the functionality of the Moto Z2 Force Edition and the new Moto 360 Camera Mod was a blast to use on our gondola ride to the top of Crystal Mountain resort and fly fishing on the Green River. There is also a new Moto Gamepad Mod that looks interesting for gamers. Moto Mods are clearly here to stay and extend the functionality of Moto phones better than has been done by others before.. The specifications of the Moto Z2 Force Edition are as good as can be expected for an Android flagship, with the exception of the water resistant rating and limited battery capacity.. The Moto Z2 Force Edition has a similar look and feel to the Moto Z Force Droid from last year, but is slightly taller and narrower. It is also thinner, in large part due to the 770 mAh reduction in battery capacity of the Moto Z2 Force Edition. The top, bottom, and side bezels around the display are similar too.. One improvement in the Moto Z2 Force Edition is the change to an oblong fingerprint scanner that is now set down into the front panel while the Z Force Droid had a small square one that was raised slightly above the front panel. It's a bit strange to have the fingerprint scanner only act to unlock and lock the phone, but you can chance the settings in Moto Actions to enable one button navigation to easily go back, view recent apps, or go to the home screen.. The plastic OLED display is designated ShatterShield and designed to be shatterproof if you drop your phone. I've never had a cracking or breaking issue with the ShatterShield display of the Moto Z Force Droid and nothing has broken on the Z2 Force Edition. However, several scratches have already developed on the display of the Z2 Force Edition and I take great care of my smartphones. None of my other regular glass display smartphones have cracked so I'm not sure if I would rather have a shatterproof display or one that doesn't scratch, but may break. If you purchase the Z2 Force Edition, I recommend you apply a screen protector before using it much.. There is no standard 3.5mm headset jack on the Moto Z2 Force Edition, another trend I hope is short lived and limited to just a few smartphones. The same volume and power buttons are on the right side with the SIM and microSD card slot on the top and USB Type-C port on the bottom.. Moto Z2 Force Edition review: in picture... 1 - 5 of 20. One of the new features in the Z2 Force Edition is the dual rear camera that supports true black and white along with depth enabled photos. The dual camera design is similar to the approach Huawei has taken with one sensor in color and one monochrome. This results in better looking black and white photos with data for other camera enhancements. I particularly enjoyed the selective black and white editing options that let you select elements to enhance with color while the remaining parts of the image remain in monochrome.. The black and white photos looked good, but I didn't have much success with the depth enabled functionality while trying to shoot wild flowers on a hike near Mt Rainier. That said, the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus also did not do well with the selective focus mode.. You can check out a few sample photos I took with the rear cameras and front facing camera during some adventures in Washington earlier this week in my full resolution Flickr album .. The back of the Moto Z2 Force Edition is designed to accept the same Moto Mods as previous Motorola smartphones. I tested out a Moto Style Shell and JBL SoundBoost Speaker Mod. Both worked flawlessly and fit the same as previous Moto smartphones.. The new Moto 360 Camera Mod captures 360 still and video content. It comes with a rubber camera cover to keep the lenses protected while not in use. The 360 Camera Mod will eventually work on previous Moto smartphones when a software update is issued.. The Moto 360 Camera Mod has two 13 megapixel camera sensors with f/2.0 aperture. It can capture 360 4K video at 24 fps.. After placing the 360 Camera Mod on the back of the Moto Z2 Force Edition, the Moto camera application will launch with some new buttons and options. Tap the two arrows on the left side to toggle between the 360 Camera Mod and standard rear camera of the Moto Z2 Force Edition. While in 360 mode, tap the three dot menu button on the right to choose between photo, ultra-wide angle photo, or professional mode. If you tap the video button, there are no options on the right side of the interface. You can also tap the icon above the double arrows to switch the viewfinder of the 360 still image.. The Moto 360 Camera lets you capture 360 degree and 150 degree content. You can also edit 360 content with the Moto software, which is what I prefer to do since it is not that simple to edit on a computer or other device without messing up the required 360 parameters. You can crop a 360 photo into a flat photo, apply filters, and adjust other image particulars. Video editing options are also present in the software.. The Moto Z2 Force Edition runs the latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system with the July monthly security update present on the evaluation unit. There is primarily a stock Android experience installed with some very useful Moto Actions and Moto Display options we have seen on Motorola phones for the last few years.. The Moto Actions are key to the success of these Motorola phones and once again are my favorite feature on the Moto Z2 Force Edition. At first I hated the new fingerprint scanner as it appeared to only serve to unlock and lock the phone. Simply flip the switch to enable one button navigation and then you can use the fingerprint scanner to unlock, go home, swipe to go back, swipe for recent apps, and press hold to launch Google Assistant. It is excellent for efficient navigation and the flush mount with wider oval design is nearly perfect. Chopping twice for the flashlight, twisting to launch the camera, pickup to stop ringing, approach for Moto Display, and flip for do not disturb are all present and available in the Moto Actions settings.. Motorola was one of the first to launch a useful active lock screen and Moto Display continues to be one of the most useful as it shows you more detailed information than any other always-on display feature on other phones. The Moto Display is enhanced on the Moto Z2 Force Edition with the capability to interact with your notifications. For example, you can now reply to a text without even waking your phone by pressing on the notification and then sliding your finger over the option to take.. Moto Voice has also been improved on the Moto Z2 Force. With Google Assistant available on most all Android smartphones, I never thought of trying Moto Voice again. However, it has been enhanced with a cool new "show me" option. Without speaking your launch phrase, simply state "show me..." to have the action take. This currently includes weather, next meeting, app names, and more. It is a nice enhancement to Google Assistant.. The Moto Z2 Force Edition is available for pre-order for $720. Motorola is also including the $299.99 value projector mod with pre-orders.. The LG G6 is normally also priced at $650, but T-Mobile has it on sale now for $500 so that is a fantastic deal. The Galaxy S8 is $750 and the larger S8 Plus is priced at $850, but Samsung has regular sales on both so you can actually find them in the $575 and $675 price range at Samsung and Amazon. The Apple iPhone 7 Plus equivalent, 128GB unit, is priced at $869. The equivalent 128GB Google Pixel XL is also priced at $869.. With a 2730 mAh battery capacity, I was worried that the Moto Z2 Force Edition would die in the middle of the day. Over the past week, the battery has surprised me by lasting into the evening. It doesn't last as long as the 3500 mAh Z Force Droid and my S8 Plus, but given the fast charging technology and options for a battery Moto Mod I don't think battery life is a major concern.. The Moto Actions and Moto Display are extremely useful and help with productivity and efficiency in using your device. I particularly enjoy the chop twice to toggle the flashlight and double twist to launch the camera. Being able to perform some actions from the display with the phone off may have helped me conserve battery life too and this was very useful for text messaging.. The Moto Z2 Force Edition doesn't offer much in the way of exciting hardware, other than the Moto Mods, and there are other better phones currently available. The fact that scratches happened so quickly on a phone that I babied is a bit concerning to me and I would really hate to see what the display might look like after a couple of months of use.. The Moto 360 Camera Mod was a blast and I enjoyed using it more than the Samsung Gear 360 because it was so well integrated into the phone itself and didn't require pairing or transfer of content to edit and share that content. It would be great to see this 360 Camera Mod appear as the free included launch special since $300 is a hefty price tag for a Moto Mod.. Overall, the Moto Z2 Force Edition is a solid Android smartphone at a price less than the flagships. There are other compelling smartphones at the same or lower price so you really have to like using one or two Moto Mods to justify the Z2 Force Edition.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
