How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Motorola Moto X4 phone combines midrange specs with a solid design, dual rear cameras, and built-in support for Amazon's Alexa voice assistant. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The Motorola Moto X4 phone combines midrange specs with a solid design, dual rear cameras, and built-in support for Amazon's Alexa voice assistant.. The Moto X4 is Motorola's fusion phone. Priced at $399.99 unlocked or $329.99 subsidized by Amazon ads, it combines aspects from both ends of its lineup, like dual rear camera sensors and a waterproof design from the high-end Z2 Force , with the midrange specs of the more affordable G5 Plus. It doesn't support Moto Mods, but has the almost-stock Android software Motorola is known for, as well as integration with Amazon's Alexa voice assistant. Its status is bolstered by a strong battery and solid dual-camera system. Shoppers after premium features on a more modest budget will appreciate the X4, our Editors' Choice in the midrange price bracket.. The Moto X4 catches the eye. Its back panel is designed to reflect light in different patterns based on angle and lighting conditions. It's quite fetching in both Super Black and Sterling Blue options, though I noticed it picks up fingerprints and smudges rather easily and it's very, very slippery.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The phone measures a hand-friendly 5.8 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.7 ounces. It's similar in size to the G5 Plus (5.9 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches, 5.5 ounces), but its mirror-like design looks and feels far more premium. This comes at the cost of weight though, as the X4 is nearly an ounce heavier than the HTC U11 Life (5.9 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches, 5 ounces).. There's a SIM/microSD card slot on top, the latter of which supports cards up to 2TB. And there's a headphone jack on the bottom, next to a USB-C charging port. Volume and power buttons can be found on the right. There's a fingerprint sensor on the bottom bezel and when you activate One Button Navigation you can use a series of swipe gestures in place of the standard software navigation keys. It's a nifty feature to save some screen space.. Like the Z2 Force, the Moto X4 is IP68 waterproof, meaning it can withstand submersion in six feet of water for up to 30 minutes.. The Moto X4 has a 5.2-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS display. It's crisp, 424 pixels per inch, matching the resolution of the U11 Life. Colors are bright and accurate, and viewing angles are great. Brightness ramps up pretty well, and I was able to use the phone outdoors without too much difficulty. You also get all the standard Motorola features like Active Display, which lights up the screen with time, date, notifications, and media controls when you pick the phone up. And there are gesture controls; twisting the phone launches the camera and shaking it turns on the flashlight.. The unlocked Moto X4 supports GSM (2/3/5/8), CDMA (0/1/10), WCDMA (1/2/4/5/8), and LTE bands (1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/20/25/26/28/66), for comprehensive network connectivity. It allows the X4 to work on AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon. I tested it on T-Mobile in midtown Manhattan, where the phone registered top speeds of 27.51Mbps down and 18.73Mbps up. That's pretty good for a highly congested area.. Call quality is decent, but nothing spectacular. Transmissions came across as muddy, with a bit of garbling. Noise cancellation is fine, especially when combined with the loud earpiece that doubles as a speaker, but some horns and background conversation broke through. You also get Wi-Fi calling with compatible carriers.. The phone supports dual-band (2.4GHz and 5GHz) Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.0, and NFC. You can connect up to four Bluetooth and Wi-Fi audio devices at the same time using Motorola's built-in wireless sound system. I connected it to a pair of speakers and Bluetooth headphones and streamed music nearly flawlessly, aside from some skipping and stuttering caused by a congested Wi-Fi network. Playback can be individual or in a stereo setup. Only one speaker can be connected over 2.4GHz, and phone call routing isn't currently supported.. The phone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor clocked at 2.2GHz with 3GB of RAM. It scored 70,353 in the AnTuTu benchmark, which measures overall system performance, better than the Snapdragon 625-powered G5 Plus (63,845) and roughly matching the HTC U11 Life (71,786). In regular usage, this translates into fast, reliable performance with smooth multitasking. It can also handle demanding games like GTA: San Andreas, though you may encounter the occasional stutter.. The phone clocked 7 hours, 25 minutes when we set screen brightness to maximum and streamed full-screen video over LTE. That's a lot longer than the U11 Life (5 hours), and similar to the G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). The phone also supports fast charging, letting you juice up to 6 hours of usage in just 15 minutes when using the included 15W power adapter. The 3,000mAh battery should be more than sufficient for a day of average use.. The Moto X4 is the latest phone to join the trend of dual-sensor cameras. On the back, you get one 12-megapixel primary sensor and a second 8-megapixel wide-angle camera. The two sensors give it a notable advantage over single-sensor devices when it comes to focusing speed and low-light performance, and support a full set of manual controls to let you adjust things like white balance and ISO.. Outdoors and in good lighting, the X4 takes crisp pictures with minimal noise. Color reproduction is accurate, though it tends to be on the warmer side with yellows and greens. The real advantage of the second sensor comes through in low-light shooting, where the X4 consistently outperformed the U11 Life in capturing light and minimizing blur in testing, as you can see in the photos below.. The second camera also allows for some cool effects. You can shoot in a wide-angle setup, similar to the LG V30 , letting you capture more of your surroundings, though often with some barrel distortion around the edges of the shot. It's a feature we've enjoyed on other phones for capturing broad views of scenery. The X4 can add to that with its Landmark/Object recognition feature. When you point the phone at a notable landmark or object, it can generate information about it, usually drawing from Wikipedia.. It can be handy when it works, but I found it was often unreliable, either taking too long to recognize things or not recognizing anything at all. The information generated also isn't particularly useful. For instance, it was capable of identifying a gaming mouse, but not the brand, resulting in a link to generic mice rather than a link to where the particular Logitech mouse could be purchased.. More functional features include bokeh, which lets you focus on a foreground object and blur out the background. Selective Black and White is another interesting feature that makes most of the scene black and white, but lets you pick one color and single it out to remain in the shot for a striking effect, as you can see here.. For video, the phone supports stable 4K recording at 30fps, 1080p at 60fps, and slow-motion capture. And there's a 16-megapixel selfie camera that takes clear pictures in most settings.. In terms of software, the phone runs a fairly stock version of Android 7.1.1 Nougat with Motorola's useful add-ons enabled through the Moto app. An update to Android 8.0 Oreo should roll out in the future. Aside from the aforementioned gestures, you can enable Moto Key, a way to securely unlock Windows devices and log into websites using the phone's fingerprint sensor as authentication. Setup is simple, though it requires you to download and install Moto Key software onto your laptop or desktop and the X4 must be connected via Bluetooth.. Moto Alexa is a new app you'll find on the X4. It's basically just Amazon's Alexa, giving you yet another AI voice assistant to help look up information and control smart home devices. Just like the Echo speaker, you can set the phone to always be listening, so it'll automatically wake when you say "Alexa." One thing to note is that Alexa can't send text messages or make phone calls outside of the Alexa app, so for that you'll need to rely on Google Assistant. It's also only available in a limited number of countries.. The unlocked Moto X4 doesn't have much in preloaded content aside from the previously mentioned Motorola and Alexa apps. An Android One version (with pure Android software0 works on Google's Project Fi network, while Amazon's ad-subsidized version gets you a full suite of the retailer's apps.. On our unlocked review unit, out of 32GB of total storage, we had 14.36GB available for use. That's a little on the low side if you plan to take lots of photos and video, so you may want to use a microSD card. Adoptable storage, a feature that merges internal storage and a memory card into a single volume, isn't available.. The Moto X4 is close in price to the U11 Life, but gives you more for the money. While both phones have similar levels of overall performance and solid features, the X4 pulls ahead due to its superior camera capabilities, broader carrier compatibility, and longer-lasting battery. That makes it our Editors' Choice among midrange phones. If you're looking for something even more affordable, the Moto G5 Plus packs in solid specs for $100 less, though it lacks the bells and whistles that make the X4 stand out.. Bottom Line: The Motorola Moto X4 phone combines midrange specs with a solid design, dual rear cameras, and built-in support for Amazon's Alexa voice assistant.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat13 600/150 Mbps. 148.4 x 73.4 x 8 mm (5.84 x 2.89 x 0.31 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~68.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). Android 7.1 (Nougat), upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo); Android One. 64 GB, 4/6 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Dual: 12 MP (f/2.0, 1.4 µm, PDAF, dual pixel) + 8 MP (f/2.2, 1.12 µm, no AF), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. 16 MP, f/2.0, 1.0 µm pixel size, 1080p, LED flash. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. 4.2, A2DP, LE, EDR, aptX (5.0 after SW update). Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB On-The-Go. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Basemark OS II: 1743 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1532 Basemark X: 14479. Contrast ratio: 1451:1 (nominal), 3.012 (sunlight). Voice 67dB / Noise 71dB / Ring 80dB. Versions: XT1900-1 (Canada, USA); XT1900-2 (India, Indonesia, Australia, New Zealand); XT1900-4 (LATAM); XT1900-5/7 (Europe); XT1900-6 (Brazil). Also known as Motorola Moto X (4th gen.). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto X4 - user opinions and reviews. HELLO everyone, i wonder that i should which bought of cellphone motorola z force and x4, i dont know which cell phone to buy, please give me comments, thanks,fr viet nam. Does moto releases Android one phone in india ?. HTC is very lazy and don't give you updates.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Play Xiaomi Mi A1 Motorola Moto G5 Plus OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. The Good The Moto X4 is water-resistant, has NFC, expandable memory and dual rear cameras. Motorola's variant comes with tons of useful software tricks.. The Bad The phone's camera is slow to launch and snap photos. Its wide-angle camera warps straight lines too severely.. The Bottom Line Though it can be slow at times, the Motorola Moto X4 hits all the notes for the right price, making it a worthy midrange contender.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Lots of software goodies, lots of assistants. Motorola's high-end phones pack punch, but entry-level and midprice Android devices are where this phonemaker really shines. With the Moto X4, the company has another midrange winner that gives you some pretty great hardware and software tricks for a reasonable price (see below, it gets a bit complicated).. The Moto X4 sits a tier above the Moto G5 Plus ( $209.99 at Walmart ) , our favorite budget phone, and below the Moto Z2 , which has magnetic attachments for accessories like an extended battery pack. (It costs about the same as the Z2 Play , which also works with the same add-ons.) What I like about the Moto X4 is its water-resistant design, dual rear cameras, expandable memory and boatload of software features at an inexpensive price. It lacks a super-fast processor and the ability to customize the phone's colors, which was one of my favorite things about Moto X phones from 2014 .. You can buy the Moto X4 unlocked from Motorola.com, Google (with Project Fi service), or unlocked from Amazon with Prime ads. In the US, prices vary from $300 to $400 unlocked, but you should also keep an eye out for deals and price cuts in your area. In the UK, the Moto X4 starts at £349, and it costs AU$699 in Australia.. While it's not as fast as a Moto Z2 phone or the OnePlus 5T ( $535.00 at Amazon.com ) (another Android favorite that's a great top-tier value), it beats out other handsets in the price range. The Alcatel Idol 5S ( $279.99 at Amazon.com ) , for example, has a notably shorter battery life, and the HTC U11 Life , although strikingly beautiful and also water resistant, doesn't have a headphone jack. Fitting right between entry-level and top-tier, the Moto X4 settles into its newfound midrange home quite comfortably, and has the right specs and the right performance, for the right price.. Motorola's glossy Moto X4 shines bright. Though sadly it's no longer customizable like Moto Xs of year's past, the Moto X4 is an attractive, sleek-looking phone. It comes in black and silver and it looks so glossy that it reminds me of the liquid-metal version of T-1000 in "Terminator." Speaking of liquid, the phone's rated IP68 for water-resistance, meaning it can survive in about 3 feet of water (one meter) for up to 30 minutes. I dunked it in a five-gallon bucket for 28 minutes -- three times -- and it kept working just fine.. Back to the phone's looks, that glossiness does result in a lot of fingerprint and smudges. And compared to other premium phones, the Moto X4 is on the thicker side and feels extra chunky. The bulging, watch-dial-like design around the camera lenses also adds more thickness to the back. Another gripe I have is the fingerprint reader. Though it's useful for unlocking the phone and authorizing payments with NFC and Android Pay , maddeningly,. And while others may not have as hard of a time adjusting, it made me reflexively and repeatedly tap the sensor thinking it was the home button. It was a habit I had to unlearn.. In addition, one of our Moto X4s managed to get two long scratches on the front-top bezel, which was a real bummer. I didn't drop the phone, but it likely got scratched in my bag. This is nothing a screen cover can't handle, but if you like to go au natural, be warned that I've tossed many phones into my bag without any issue, yet the Moto X4 ended up getting nicked.. The glistening Moto X4 is water-resistant and comes in two colors.. If you buy the Moto X4 from Motorola and Amazon, you'll get a cool new feature called Moto Key (unfortunately, this doesn't come in the Google Fi version). This lets you use your fingerprint to unlock third-party apps and devices like Twitter, Facebook and your PC laptop. If you sign out of your accounts all the time, you'll definitely this useful. It does take a beat to unlock, but it's more convenient than typing out your username and password each time. You can also connect up to four Bluetooth devices at once, so you can hook up a stereo setup or listen to music on wireless headphones with another friend.. An onboard Alexa app (also missing from the Google Fi version) will launch Amazon's digital assistant. To ask about the latest news, sports score or weather, you can launch Alexa from the lockscreen by saying the "Alexa" wake word. If you have an Alexa smart home speaker, you can control it with the Moto X4 as well. If you don't like Alexa, you can use Moto's own voice-control feature (which can launch apps and open the weather or your calendar) or Google Assistant, which also comes on the phone. I suggest sticking to just one to give your head a break.. Asking for the weather via all three digital assistants: Moto Voice, Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant.. Although Google's Moto X4 doesn't have those two features, every Moto X4 includes gestures called Moto Actions, including flicking your wrist twice to launch the camera, and Moto Display, which lets you customize and set lockscreen notifications.. Google's Moto X4 brings you software updates like security patches, as they roll out from Google. Google Assistant is its only voice app, which I prefer anyway since it's so well integrated with the Google ecosystem.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto X4. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... by Corey Gaskin. Motorola - Motorola + Android - Android +. 1 Motorola Moto X4 Review. The Moto X series isn't what it used to be. Since Lenovo’s acquisition of Motorola's smartphone business, the once-high-end Moto X lineup has been demoted to a mid-range ranking, overtaken by the Z series as the Moto brand's top smartphone selection. But this year's Moto X4 has intrigued us nonetheless. In a nutshell, it is a mid-range handset with premium looks – one that just barely eclipses the G series’ spec sheet, but stands out with its fancy construction, dual-camera setup, and IP68 water resistance. It currently costs $350 unlocked on Motorola's website, $325 from Google with Android One software and Project Fi service, or $280 on Amazon as a Prime-exclusive phone with lock- screen ads. But is any of these Moto X4 flavors actually worth getting? In the box: Moto X4 USB-C to USB-A Turbo Charger Quick Start guides and warranty info Design While the Moto X4 steps down its price point from previous Moto X smartphones, the looks remain sharp. Opting for a metal-meets-glass body with a mirror finish and the familiar styling of Moto devices, the X4 looks distinct and sturdily built. At the back resides a large camera hump – a circular plateau of sorts – which houses the dual-camera, dual-flash setup. Naturally, we’re not exactly thrilled to have this hump, but it does add some flair to the overall look, sporting its own shiny-poker-chip-like design. Up front, you have a 16 MP camera with its own flash and a fingerprint sensor below the 5.2-inch display. Aside from the light-yet-solid construction, IP68 water resistance puts the icing on the cake for us. This is a very welcome feature and a rarity in this price category. Display Utilizing LTPS (Low-Temperature PolySilicon LCD) IPS technology, this 1080p (1080x1920 pixels) screen looks good to the naked eye and gets pretty bright. Deep, vibrant colors may have you thinking it is an AMOLED display, even though it's not. Colors actually appear more accurate on this display than on most AMOLEDs, but a lean towards the bluer end of the spectrum is revealed in deeper testing – a trait unlikely to cause much concern. 424 PPI also does its part to deliver crisp, pleasing images. Interface and Performance For the record, the Moto X4 we're reviewing comes with additional Moto software and the Amazon Alexa assistant. This is the variant you'll find on Motorola's website – unlocked and compatible with all major US carriers, as well as with Google's Project Fi service. Amazon is offering what is basically the same Moto X4, but with lock-screen ads to bring the price down (Prime membership required). The Android One version of the Moto X4 comes only with Google's own apps and services: without lock-screen ads and without Alexa. That said, the Moto X4 we're reviewing doesn't deviate far from “stock” Android – a choice which you’ll find little complaints about on this end – but a few differences exist. The most prominent of these comes in the form of the ever-expanding Moto app. In here, you can enable the following: Moto Key – which turns your phone into an authentication device for your Windows PC. Basically, you can use the Moto X4's fingerprint reader instead of your account's password to log in. Moto Key authentication works with apps and web sites as well. Moto Actions – this is where you enable gestures, such as a double-chop to turn the flashlight on. You can also enable gestures on the fingerprint sensor, such as swipe left to go back. Moto Display – similar to Samsung’s always-on display, but instead of always being on, this screen is engaged with a wave over the phone, showing you recent notifications and the time. Moto Voice – which responds to a handful of specific commands by bringing up interactive cards or apps elicited by a “show me” phrase. Commands are pretty limited, displaying the ability to view your schedule, weather, a handful of Google apps, and that’s about it. This is also capable of authenticating and unlocking your phone to display content or keeping the device locked and showing content on the lockscreen. While these are all welcome additions, Moto Voice easily becomes the most redundant. On a device that houses Google’s Assistant as well as Alexa, perhaps it would have been better to integrate phone-specific commands with one of these two, more advanced voice assistants, instead of adding a third, more limited hot-phrase for the user to remember. While Alexa and Moto Voice can respond and display information with the screen still locked, Google Assistant is excluded from these privileges, despite the fact that it’s the most capable assistant on the X4. Google Assistant can answer queries through a headset or Bluetooth device, but is unable to show information on the lockscreen, as Alexa and Moto Voice can. Opting to use Google Assistant to answer your commands or queries will more often than not yield the same, if not better, results than Moto Voice or Alexa. In terms of power, the X4 packs a Snapdragon 630 with 3 gigs of RAM and 32 GB storage. These specs are not quite high-end, but performance was mostly pleasing. Animations weren’t always the smoothest, but jumping back and forth through your busy, app-filled day won’t leave you waiting or hungering for much more. Gaming, of course, is the least smooth, but still quite doable. Camera Dual cameras (12 MP regular and 8 MP wide-angle) aren't the Moto X4’s only camera trick. Within the interface also lies an object recognition algorithm used to improve shots and to allow the user to search by the objects it detects. Like most implementations, the search feature is of little use, as it almost certainly won’t be identifying any objects you can’t pick out yourself, leaving it to be little more than an inconsistent and gimmicky search method. Other more fun and unique shooting modes include selective black and white which can delete a specific color from the shot, leaving portions black and white, and a depth of field mode which creates a desirable background blur around a subject. While the black and white function was fun to play around with, it was usually too inconsistent to produce the intended effect. That often was the case with the depth of field mode as well, blurring the subject and sharpening the background pretty sporadically. In terms of image quality, indoor performance shows good, though not amazingly rich, color capture. Detail capture is satisfactory in well-lit situations, and dynamic range keeps up decently well with auto-HDR enabled. In low light, noise does become a greater factor, as with all cameras, though with the Moto X4 it can be more problematic. Generally speaking, we think most users will be satisfied by this camera, but grain reduction in low light and overall color accuracy could use some work. The accompanying 8-megapixel wide-angle lens is nice to have, but displays pretty radical distortion, leaving us much less likely to use it. Still, it does prove useful if you need to fill more into the frame, and stepping back isn't an option. The X4’s 12 MP camera is capable of taking 4K video at 30 fps, while the wide-angle 8 MP camera tops out at 1080p, 30 fps. Videos taken on both look pretty good. Of course, 4K will be sharper, but both captured pleasing video, with nice colors and decent exposure. The lack of video stabilization was missed most here, though. Unfortunately, you can’t switch back and forth between the two cameras while recording, as you can in some dual-camera implementations. Multimedia Watching videos and listening to music is a decent experience when utilizing the on-board speaker. The earpiece does double as the phone's lone loudspeaker, and while it's not ideal, it does get pretty loud. Speaking of “loud”, the Moto X4 does have a pretty cool party trick for media consumption. Tired of being constrained to only one Bluetooth speaker? Good news: The X4 lets you connect to up to 4 simultaneously. Not only was this a super useful and fun little trick, but we didn’t experience any issues with latency or connection. The only downside is that all other Bluetooth devices (i.e. Battery Life We’re happy to make the acquaintance of Motorola’s Turbo Charge once again, as it can provide the X4 with six hours of use from just a 15-minute charge – filling the battery from 0 to nearly 30%. Charging from 0 to 100 was quick too, clocking in at about an hour and forty minutes, while lasting over nine and a half hours in our custom discharge test. These results were pretty much on par with our real-world use, as the X4 had no issue making it through a day of heavy use. Call Quality The earpiece on the X4 gets satisfyingly loud whether it’s used as the earpiece or loudspeaker; it is, after all, the same speaker. Our callers had no complaints hearing us, and we had no issue hearing them. Conclusion Motorola’s traditionally done a pretty good job of giving us fun, unique devices – even as they’ve transitioned to new ownership under Google, and subsequently Lenovo. The Moto X4 is no exception. It may lack a 18:9 display or a “bezel-less” design, but this feels less significant on the Moto X4 – not just because it’s an affordable mid-range phone, but also because its Moto styling gives it character of its own. At the end of the day, what we have here is a phone that won't break any performance benchmark records, yet stands out with its solid build quality, cool appearance, decent camera, and water-resistant construction. At the price points the Moto X4 can be currently bought, we’re hard-pressed to find many devices we like more.. 5.84 x 2.89 x 0.31 inches. 148.35 x 73.5 x 7.99 mm. 5.91 x 2.91 x 0.38 inches. 150.2 x 74 x 9.7 mm. 5.86 x 2.83 x 0.31 inches. 148.9 x 71.9 x 7.9 mm. 5.87 x 2.87 x 0.32 inches. 149.09 x 72.9 x 8.1 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Image: 1 of 13. The Motorola Moto X4 is equipped with three voice assistants. The Motorola Moto X4 is equipped with three voice assistants. Taking an HDR pic (sec) Lower is better. CamSpeed score Higher is better. CamSpeed score with flash Higher is better. Headphones output power (Volts). Turbo Charge juices up quickly, and battery lasts throughout the day. IP68 water resistance is nice to have. Unlocked, works with all major US carriers. Low-light shots get noisier and struggle more with focus. Having three voice assistants is redundant. Google Pixel Buds earphones Review 15 Dec. Google Pixel 2 XL vs LG V30 21 Dec. Sony WF-1000X wireless headphones Review 28 Dec. BlackBerry Motion Review 22 Dec. Honor 7X Review 22 Dec. Google Pixel 2 XL vs LG V30 21 Dec. Now reading: Motorola Moto X4 Review. Motorola Moto X4 Review 18 Dec. Google Pixel Buds earphones Review 15 Dec. OnePlus 5T vs Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ 08 Dec. Razer Phone Review 06 Dec. Asus Zenfone 4 and Zenfone 4 Pro Review 01 Dec. Samsung Gear IconX 2018 headphones Review 28 Nov. Motorola Moto X4 Compare. (Posts: 317; Member since: 11 Dec 2017). posted on 18 Dec 2017, 08:32. The screen/body ratio below 71% is only a con if it is against Sony or HTC. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 18 Dec 2017, 22:50. It's less than half the price of an iPhone 8. If you buy it from Amazon then you can buy 3 of them. Yet it has a larger full HD display. Compared to the iPhone 8 lower resolution display that has half the pixels (only HD). It even has the same LTE speed as the iPhone 8. It even has a wide angle camera. Something that most flagship are missing except LG flagships. When you get Android One it's garanteed to get the latest updates at a speedy rate. Why anyone would buy an iPhone SE over this Moto X4 is beyond me. Even when you compare the iPhone 8 this Moto X4 is offering a lot of features for a fraction of the iPhone 8 price.. (Posts: 416; Member since: 19 Jun 2011). posted on 18 Dec 2017, 11:17. can we get a review of the asus zenfone 4?. (Posts: 12; Member since: 04 Jul 2017). posted on 18 Dec 2017, 15:19. We posted it on December 1st.. (Posts: 22; Member since: 14 Feb 2011). posted on 18 Dec 2017, 14:13. (Posts: 9; Member since: 28 Nov 2017). posted on 18 Dec 2017, 20:11. I've been using this phone for 2 weeks now. I don't agree with the con "Having 3 voice assistants is redundant". If you were USING 3 voice assistants then it would be redundant, but they all don't have to be turned on. Neither do I agree with "Could use more on-board storage" because 1) There is a Micro-SD card slot, and 2) 32GB can be enough for some users. That is like ordering medium-spice chicken wings and saying "could be spicier"...you get what you buy.. (Posts: 72; Member since: 30 Dec 2014). posted on 18 Dec 2017, 23:09. Hi Phonearena, I'm using this phone and the "show me" function of Moto Voice is not really redundant in the sense that I can directly open an app. Show Me Instagram will instantly open the app. If I use GA, I have to say "Ok Google" and wait for google to beep and then say "Open Instagram". I think it is a value-adding to my overall experience.. (Posts: 7; Member since: 31 Aug 2017). posted on 20 Dec 2017, 06:28. pls tell me bluetooth 4.2 is a mistake and it's 5.0.. (Posts: 7; Member since: 31 Aug 2017). posted on 20 Dec 2017, 14:18. (Posts: 4; Member since: 19 Mar 2013). posted on 26 Dec 2017, 13:04. Project Fi is not only Android One verient, not for indian roms...﻿. (Posts: 113; Member since: 28 Jul 2015). posted on 27 Dec 2017, 18:29. Does Ok Google work with screen locked ala Moto Z2 Play and Moto Z2 Force?. (Posts: 100; Member since: 05 Jan 2018). posted on 10 Jan 2018, 17:25. I miss my Moto X4 that I returned for the OnePlus 5t. The display was just pure bliss for my eyes. I think everyday of reselling the OP5t to go back.... (Posts: 4; Member since: 19 Mar 2013). posted on 11 Jan 2018, 09:20. I am writing this review after using the phone for 3 months. Specifications and everything is great camera is little slow which is okay. The main thing is if you talk more than 20 min in phone your head starts to hurt and your ears too. After 30 minutes you just cannot talk keeping your phone to your ear because of the extreme pain. I think this is due to radiation effect I think this is a very big problem. (Posts: 7; Member since: 31 Aug 2017). posted on 16 Jan 2018, 14:11. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.2 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (424 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 5.84 x 2.89 x 0.31 inches (148.35 x 73.5 x 7.99 mm). Qualcomm Snapdragon 630, Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger.. WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.. In the experiment, she swapped in photos of her male cofounder, a female model, and a cat—unsurprisingly, the man (… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.. Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.. Review: Motorola Moto X4 Sub Title: Moto Money. moto x Motorola smartphones Wired Recommends. Slide: 1 / of 1. The original Moto X should hold a special place in smartphone history. It wasn’t the most powerful device, and the camera struggled, but it was the first major phone with contextual awareness baked in, giving you a hands-free assistant with voice recognition. We all yell at Alexa from across the room these days, but in 2013 it was magic. Every Moto X was different, too. You could customize it however you liked—deck it out in bright neon colors, backed in football leather, or covered in bamboo—and Motorola would ship it to you from its assembly plant in Texas, not China.. Motorola has gone through a lot of changes since 2013, and is now owned by Lenovo, but DNA from that first Moto X shines through in the Moto X4. It’s still not all that powerful, but is comfortable to hold, now waterproof, and has a suite of useful features unique to Motorola’s handsets.. Moto’s days of bamboo and dazzling colors are long gone. Metal and glass are de rigeur on high-end phones, so of course the newest Moto X is covered in both, front-to-back, and comes in any color you want so long as it’s black or silver. Like a Samsung Galaxy phone , the glass on the back tapers in at the edges, making it easier on your palms. The glass also makes it incredibly slippery, fingerprint-prone, and breakable, but no more than any other iPhone-like device out there. My review unit has already picked up minor scratches so I recommend investing in a case, like this one from Spigen .. The brushed metal edges smoothly curve around the phone’s corners with care. Aside from the USB-C port, its curves are only broken up by the pop-out tray (it holds the MicroSD card and SIM) up top, a headphone jack on the bottom, and the three buttons on the right side for volume and power. Onscreen navigation buttons are present, but savvy users can save reclaim screen space by enabling sliding gestures on the iPhone-like fingerprint sensor under the display.. Half the price of a Galaxy S8. Sleek design and useful special features, like Moto Actions and Bluetooth speaker networking. Occasional lag and the usual Android update woes (unless you buy the Android One version). 32GB of storage will fill up fast. 1/10 A complete failure in every way. 3/10 Serious flaws; proceed with caution. 7/10 Very good, but not quite great. 8/10 Excellent, with room to kvetch. At first glance, I thought the Moto X4’s 5.2-inch screen was 1440p and OLED , but it’s a surprisingly vivid 1,920 x 1,080-pixel LCD screen with extra deep blacks. Powering the display is a mid-range Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor, 3GB RAM, and 32GB of storage. The storage is enough, but you will want a MicroSD card before long, especially if you tend to keep offline media on your phone.. Depending on which version of the Moto X4 you buy, the apps included will differ. You can buy the $400 Moto X4 with Android One , which is packed solely with Google apps, and gets security and software updates directly from Google. Or, you can buy the new $330 Moto X4 with Amazon Prime , which is a lot more affordable. It may not get updates quite as frequently, but does come with Alexa and other Amazon apps baked in (and Amazon’s famous lockscreen ads). It also comes unlocked, while the Android One version requires you to sign up for Project Fi, Google’s cellular service, to purchase. But wait, there is another! Though all three versions are mostly identical, I reviewed the standard $400 unlocked Moto X4 that you can buy on Motorola.com. It still has Alexa built-in, but doesn’t have lockscreen ads.. Regardless of which version you choose, the core Moto X4 experience won’t change much. As of this writing, the phone still runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat (last year’s flavor), but should get the new Android 8 Oreo update at some point. Motorola didn’t lather too many extra features on Android, which gives it a clean look. I didn’t encounter lag too often, but it does crop up every now and then when typing a long email or ordering something on Amazon. Moto added has some nice perks to make up for the occasional lag. It seems like I have to enter a password every 10 minutes, and Moto Key stores them using the fingerprint sensor, no matter where I am in the OS. The X4 can also string together up to four Bluetooth speakers to form a single, Sonos-like. In just a few days, I’ve grown attached to several Moto Action gestures. By swiping from the center of the screen to the lower corner, for instance, I can shrink the screen for easier one-handed use. Shaking the phone in a chopping motion turns on the flashlight, which helped me find my phone charger in the dark the other night.. The twisting gesture that lets you open the Moto’s camera was vital when I saw three turkeys land and walk down the sidewalk and through an intersection, flippantly disregarding traffic laws. I would have never gotten a photo of them without the gesture, but the camera did still leave me yearning for more. I’m glad I have the shot, but it fell short of Instagram-worthy. Those turkeys looked terribly grainy, which made me wish the phone had a second 2x telephoto lens, like the. The dual 12-megapixel/8-megapixel rear camera setup. gets the job done under most circumstances, but shots sometimes take a second or two to process, and the app is slow compared to many of its peers. The second 8-megapixel camera has a wider lens and enables software-powered background blurring, which didn’t work nearly as well as I’d hoped.. To test the Moto X’s fauxkeh , I took a closeup of my own hand. The phone wasn’t able to make out the difference between it and the grass below. The end result looked like a Photoshop novice had tried his darnedest to give my picture a DSLR-like look, and failed. The front-facing camera can take 16-megapixel shots, which is a boon for selfies, so at least there’s that.. You won’t have to worry about battery life more than normal for a mid-range phone. I was able to kill the Moto X4 in a single day, but it took a lot of effort. I installed apps, played games, captured video and photos, and generally abused the battery from 7 a.m. Normal use should put you at about a day and a half of life.. There are plenty of Android phones that will outshine the Moto X4, but at $330 with Amazon Prime offers , it’s a sincere step up from the $240 Moto G5 Plus and half the price of the Google Pixel 2 and Samsung Galaxy S8. Sadly, neither of those compelling phones let you shake your phone like a madman to turn on the flashlight.. When you buy something using the retail links in our product reviews, we earn a small affiliate commission. Read more about how this works.. Aliens Would Probably Like It If You Gave them Flowers. Netflix’s ‘Altered Carbon’ Is Over-the-Top in Every Way. Can Season 2 of Netflix’s ‘Dark’ Possibly Be Good?. How Sci-Fi Can Help Fight Climate Change. Aliens Would Probably Like It If You Gave them Flowers. Netflix’s ‘Altered Carbon’ Is Over-the-Top in Every Way. Can Season 2 of Netflix’s ‘Dark’ Possibly Be Good?. How Sci-Fi Can Help Fight Climate Change. Netflix’s ‘Altered Carbon’ Is Over-the-Top in Every Way. echo esc_html( wired_get_the_byline_name( $related_video ) ); ?>. Aliens Would Probably Like It If You Gave them Flowers. Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger.. WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.. In the experiment, she swapped in photos of her male cofounder, a female model, and a cat—unsurprisingly, the man (… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.. Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.. WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.. In the experiment, she swapped in photos of her male cofounder, a female model, and a cat—unsurprisingly, the man (… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.. Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast .. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto X4. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto X4 smartphone was launched in November 2017. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 424 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto X4 price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto X4 is powered by 2.2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 200GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto X4 packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto X4 runs Android 7.1.1 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 148.35 x 73.40 x 7.99 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 163.00 grams. The Motorola Moto X4 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, Headphones, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Gorgeous looks and solid build quality. Good performance Bad Unimpressive video quality. Read detailed Motorola Moto X4 review. Moto E4 Plus, Moto X4, Moto Z2 Play Available With Discounts in Moto Days Sale on Flipkart. Moto X4 6GB RAM Variant Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications. Moto X4 6GB RAM Variant India Launch Expected on February 1. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto X4 Price in India Moto X4 (Super Black, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. 20,999 Moto X4 (Sterling Blue, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 22,999 Moto X4 (Super Black, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 22,999 Moto X4 (Sterling Blue, 64GB, 6GB RAM) Rs. 24,999 Moto X4 (Super Black, 64GB, 6GB RAM) Rs. Release date November 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 148.35 x 73.40 x 7.99 Weight (g) 163.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Super Black, Sterling Blue SAR value 0.52. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 424. Processor 2.2GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 200. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 16-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 5.00 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones Yes FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto X4. 2.8 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 2 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 5 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Jeetendra Singh | 20 Nov 2017. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Corey Butler | 14 Nov 2017. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Diksha Gupta | 9 Nov 2017. moto x4 dual sim aur not ?. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 5 people found this review helpful. Tech might be good butcase quality and support are a nightmare. By Fritz Lang | 3 Feb 2018. I had X 1st gen before and loved it, until I broke the front glass and then drown it in salty water after 3 years.. Now as I looked for a replacement I discovered brand new waterproof X4. Waiting time only 2 weeks until oficial delivery in my country (Poland). You can imagine how happy I was - moto X again and waterproof on top!. I bought this phone and had a plan: Get moto x4, get front glass and rubber cover and be prepared for any accident.. After unboxing the phone I was happy to have the case already waiting on my desk.. This phone might be called "preety". But it is so slippery, that I almost dropped it within the first few minutes trying to handle it with one hand. So be aware of that - Two hands required during operation.. I read some other people experiencing the phone sliding way to easily out of different pockets like in pants etc.. The design is irrelevant because you will see it only while unboxing before putting it into a 3rd party cover.. So did I as already mentioned. I was dressed like for skiing.. I had the moto x4 all the time in a pocket of my jacket. Imagine how surprised I was seeing that at some point the rear camera glass cover smashed!. I suppose I bend at some point and a button or part of a zipper picked through the cushion of the pocket right into the glass cover.. This is just ridiculous how thin and fragile this glass cover is!. I peeled of the cover and now my phone does not focus correctly and is probably not watter resistant any more.. I contacted the support on their forum, but the answer was, to send it for repair out of warranty (physical demage).. I asked them to sell me the cheap 1$ a fraction of a millimeter thin glass cover to glue it myself, they said NO.. They told me, that there are no other cases like mine so there is no bad design issue.. I just needed to wait one or two weeks and simmilar forum entries started to pop!. I commented on those entries as well hoping to make some impact, but guess what they have done?. They removed my thread and merged single posts of mine into other threads - I really do not get the reason for this.. If you are interested, just google "moto x4 rear camera cover smashed while being in an empty pocket".. If you search for "rear camera cover" you will find some other ppl experienced the same issue.. And somwhere out of context you will find my posts (user: artur2000) merged into their threads.. Look at the price of that phone and then you know how ridiculous it is.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Is this single sim or single sim+ second sim(MicroSD Port). By sachin jaiswal | 12 Nov 2017. I just want to know about the second sim slot ,we can use our second sim in microSD slot or not.. In other way we only use one single sim and memory card only?. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto E4 Plus, Moto X4, Moto Z2 Play Available With Discounts in Moto Days Sale on Flipkart. Moto X4 6GB RAM Variant Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications. Moto X4 6GB RAM Variant India Launch Expected on February 1. Moto X4 Starts Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update in India: Reports. Moto X4 With Dual Rear Cameras Launched in India, Price Starts at Rs. Moto X4 India Launch Set for Today, Watch Live Stream Here. Moto X4 Will Launch as Flipkart-Exclusive in India, Coming on November 13. Moto X4 Price in India Tipped to Be Rs. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Motorola Moto Z Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Motorola Moto X Force Xiaomi Mi A1 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto X4 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Moto X4 has dual cameras, Amazon Alexa and extra smarts. Moto makes another bid to be your Goldilocks phone.. by August 31, 2017 11:30 AM PDT. Motorola's glossy Moto X4 shines bright. Moto's X4 makes Bluetooth amazing again. Better Bluetooth Software of Moto's own. Open apps by saying "Show me…" For instance, "Show me the weather," or "Show me Facebook." Remember passwords with Moto Key, which you activate with your fingerprint. You can enter your user ID and password for Amazon and so on with Moto Key. Moto Key can unlock your PC using Bluetooth. (Not Macs yet, but they're working on it.) Motorola on a roll Moto X4 specs versus Moto Z2 Play, OnePlus 5, Huawei Honor 9. Motorola wants the Moto X4 to be your Goldilocks phone: not too big or small, not too cheap or expensive, not too fancy or entry-level.. With two rear cameras, Amazon's Alexa voice assistant on board, and a 5.2-inch screen, Moto is once again reaching to make its Moto X line "just right.". On paper at least, the Moto X4 has a list of hardware features that skew a little higher-end than you'd expect for a midrange device: those two rear cameras (12 and 8 megapixels, respectively), a 16-megapixel selfie camera with its own flash and a 3,000mAh battery. You can pop in a microSD card. The shiny skin is water-resistant, which you don't find too often on midprice phones. You'll be able to get it in two colors: super black or sterling blue. Both colors look great -- the X4 doesn't feel flimsy or cheap.. Although the Moto X4 has a middle-of-the-road processor, it also has a fingerprint reader that supports NFC, which means you can use it to buy goods through Android Pay.. Motorola's glossy Moto X4 shines bright. The Moto X4 will sell for 399 euros in September, arriving in other markets in the coming months, including the UK. That converts to roughly to £370 or AU$600. (Actual prices in those locales are still to come.) In the US, Google will sell the phone for $399 under its Android One and Project Fi initiatives.. See full specs in the chart below.. For fans of other Moto phones, the clever software features might also jump out at you.. This will be the first Motorola phone to get Amazon's Alexa voice app, which turns the Moto X4 into a voice-triggered remote for thousands of Alexa skills. (Though it can't do absolutely everything your Amazon Echo ( $185.99 at Overstock.com ) can do.). You'll be able to launch Alexa from the lock screen, using only the "Alexa" wake word. Alexa on the Moto X4 will arrive to users in US, UK and Germany for now, but will branch out to other countries as Amazon makes Alexa more widely available.. Yes, the Moto X4 has Google Assistant, too.. You can connect the X4 to up to four Bluetooth devices and control the volume of each device from the phone's Settings menu.. The X4's other noteworthy feature is the ability to connect to four audio devices (like. headsets ) and stream music in sync. It comes through a software overlay from a French startup called Tempow. Though Bluetooth's standard 30-foot (10-meter) limitation still applies, you'll be able to listen to tunes with a friend over two pair of headphones or create a wireless stereo system in your home with multiple speakers. It's a cool and promising feature that Tempow is working to extend to more than just music.. The Moto X4 will also come with Motorola's signature software, some of it new this year and some brand new to the phone.. This Moto X4 is the eighth new phone that Motorola's announced this year, including the premium Moto Z2 Force ( $756.00 at Best Buy ) with its snap-on Mods, and the budget G5 Plus , which was good enough to win CNET's Editor's Choice award.. 2.2 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 626. Huawei Kirin 960, octa-core (4x2.4 GHz+4x1.8 GHz). 3GB or 4GB (varies by region). 4GB or 6GB (varies by region). Portrait mode, notifications toggle, dual-SIM, Dash Charging. Converts to AU$635 (64GB), AU$715 (128GB). Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (38). Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. Large camera sensor pixel size (1.4 μm). Sporting a 5.2-inch 1080p display, the Moto X4 is an upper-mid-range handset powered by a Snapdragon 630 processor, clocked at 2.2GHz, and backed by a 3000 mAh battery with Turbo Charging. Other highlight features include IP68 rating for dust- and water-resistance, a dual-camera system that pairs together a 12 MP and an 8MP shooter, capable of delivering the oh-so trendy shallow depth of field simulation, affectionately referred to by many as “bokeh”, and a 16MP front camera with a low-light adaptive mode.. Motorola Moto X4 Review Motorola Moto X4 manual Motorola Moto X4 benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.84 x 2.89 x 0.31 inches (148.35 x 73.5 x 7.99 mm). Weight: 5.75 oz (163 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Glass; Accents: Aluminum. IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Display Physical size: 5.2 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (8-megapixel, 120-degree viewing angle, F2.2 aperture), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (30 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 20, 25, 26, 28, 66. Data: LTE-A Cat 11 (600/75 Mbit/s), HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 31 Aug 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: € 399 / $ 399. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Motorola Moto X (2017) , Motorola Moto X (4th gen.). We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto X4 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Amazon bundles Prime Exclusive Moto X4 and second-gen Echo; it's yours for $350. Today only: Motorola Moto X4 costs just $269, free wireless headphones included. Deal: Save $100 on the Motorola Moto X4 (unlocked, compatible with most US carriers). Great Deal: Motorola Moto X4 now costs just $249 on Google's Project Fi. Moto X4 with 6GB RAM goes official, brings Oreo at sub-$400 price. Regular Moto X4 starts receiving Android 8.0 Oreo in the US. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=19764. Motorola's mid-range Moto X4 is a classy glass-and-metal Android handset that boasts two cameras, rapid charging, and advanced software features. The phone is affordable and sold unlocked with support for most U.S. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. The Moto X4 from Motorola is a mid-range handset wrapped in a stylish glass shell. It fits right in the middle of Motorola's lineup and might be a good option for those who prefer unlocked handsets.. The Moto X lost its heart and soul sometime back in early 2015, but the phone still has a place in Motorola's modern-day lineup of Android smartphones. This year's iteration is a unique addition thanks to the metal frame, curved glass panels, and high-class design.. The X4 surely embodies Motorola genealogy. The phone's general shape is reminiscent of previous generations of the X, even if the warm personality is gone. (Raise your hand if you miss the wood and leather finishes.) You've got gently curved corners and slightly bowed top and bottom edges. The metal frame wraps all the way around the exterior edges. Glass panels form the front and rear surfaces. Where the front glass has 2.5D curves right along the very edges, the rear panel features more significant bends in the glass. Motorola polished the frame along the front edge to give it a nice chamfer. It's shiny, but still color-matched to the rest of the frame's more matte appearance. The phone comes in black and blue. Our blue review unit looks great, though the mirror-like finish on the rear shows fingerprints like crazy.. Some might find the X4 is their Goldilocks phone: it's not too big and not too small. I found the phone was generally easy to hold and use. I think it's one of those phones that will work well for most people. Thanks to all that glass and metal, it's a medium weight. I wouldn't call it heavy, but it is weighty. I had no problem carrying the phone around in my hands or pockets. You might call it a bit slippery.. Motorola opted for high-quality materials for the X4 and managed to glue them together tightly. The seams between the glass and metal are tight. Everything about the X4's fit and finish is impressive.. There's no doubt in my mind at all that the face is pure Motorola. The design is very similar to this year's crop of E, G, and Z models. First off, the bezels are annoying. Motorola has yet to design a near bezel-less handset and it is starting to get late in the game. You've got thick framing above and below the screen. The earpiece, user-facing camera, and user-facing flash are clearly visible in the forehead, while the multi-function home/fingerprint button fills out the chin.. The screen lock button is a squat button with a chunky profile and ribbed texture. The separate volume buttons are a bit further up. Each is small and nubby, but they both offer good travel and feedback. I like that they can be set to snap photos or zoom in/out when using the camera.. The USB-C port and 3.5mm headphone jack are in the bottom edge.. The rear panel should look somewhat familiar to anyone who's spotted a Motorola phone in the last year. It's mostly smooth, but the oversized camera circle dominates the top half. The camera bump is H U G E! It looks like an upside-down face. There's an odd watchface-like dial that encircles the camera module. The stylized "M" logo is painted underneath the glass in chrome. The rear panel, and thus the battery, cannot be removed.. The all-glass X4 may be fragile, but at least you can get it wet. The phone has an IP68 rating, which means it can sit in 4.5 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. It easily brushed aside running water and some time at the bottom of my sink. Waterproofing is a table-stakes feature in today's flagship phones, and it's nice to see it available to this mid-ranger from Motorola.. The Moto X4 is perhaps the classiest handset Motorola has ever designed. It's a nice addition to the company's ever-growing stable of devices.. It's worth mentioning that this phone is not compatible with Moto Mods. (That's what the Z series is about.). At 5.2 inches across the diagonal, the X4 has a mid-sized screen. It's a fine size and works well with the full HD resolution. The pixel density is great at 424ppi, meaning everything on the screen is sharp and free of visible pixels. Text, images, icons, graphics, and video all look really good on this screen. Motorola opted for an LCD panel. It pumps out plenty of light. I found it bright enough to use indoors and out with no problem. Color is quite accurate, and viewing angles are very, very good. There's no blue shift at all and only the most minor drop in brightness when tilting the phone.. The resolution doesn't make the X4 the best VR candidate. You can use it with Google Cardboard, but the experience will leave you pixelated, not titillated.. Motorola sells an unlocked version of the X4 online. It has good support for all U.S. LTE networks, including T-Mobile's Band 66. It doesn't support AT&T's bands 29 and 30, but those are not essential. I tested the phone on AT&T's network in and around New York City. The phone showed a strong connection to AT&T's network throughout the metro area. I didn't see the phone drop to 3G, and it never lost the network completely.. Data speeds were on par with other unlocked devices I've tested on AT&T's network. That is to say, it does a fine job when browsing social networks and streaming audio and video. The phone was able to connect phone calls even under poor signal conditions and it did not drop any calls. It performed well from a radio perspective.. (Google also sells a version of the phone through its Project Fi carrier. The Project Fi variant of the phone runs Android One software. We didn't get to test this variant.). The Moto X4 is a very good voice phone. The earpiece pushes clear voices with plenty of volume. I was able to enjoy conversations at home and even in the car with the volume set to medium levels. I had to turn it up when walking on city streets or sitting in a busy coffee shop. High volumes introduced a small amount of distortion, but it wasn't too bad. People I spoke to through the X4 said I sounded "right next door.". It offers bright voice tones at moderate volumes that are easy to hear in spaces such as your home or office. Cranking up the volume does impact quality a bit, but you can still easily hear calls in a moving vehicle.. Ringers and alert tones always got my attention. The vibrate alert is very good.. Motorola gave the X4 a good-sized battery at 3,000 mAh. I was generally pleased with battery life. The phone often had 25% battery capacity left at the end of the day. Only when I pushed it to the extreme did it drop to 10%.. The phone ships with the stock Android battery management tool. It can help you eke out a few more hours if you get into trouble. You can set it to turn on automatically, or toggle it on manually if you prefer.. Perhaps the best news here is that the X4 supports Motorola's TurboPower rapid charging. Incredibly, plugging your phone into the included charger for just 15 minutes nets you 6 hours of additional usage. The phone doesn't support wireless charging.. The X4 includes Bluetooth 5.0 and works with most accessories you might encounter. I was able to successfully pair the phone with myriad devices, including headsets, speakers, and my car. Calls pushed through my vehicle's hands-free system were a bit on the rough side in terms of quality, though they were loud enough to hear. Music sounded very good through my favorite headphones and speakers.. The NFC radio is handy when pairing Bluetooth accessories, as well as making mobile payments with Android Pay. The X4's GPS radio was able to narrow down my location within a few seconds and it was accurate to about 20 feet. I didn't run into any issues with the WiFi radio.. Google Brings the Moto X4 with Android One to Project Fi. Google's Project Fi just scored its first non-Nexus / Pixel handset. The company added the Motorola Moto X4 to the selection of devices compatible with Project Fi, which is Google's low-cost MVNO.. Hands On with the Moto X4. Motorola's new iconic phone fills the gap in their lineup between the flagship Z series, and the more affordable G series. Its focus is style and camera.. Amazon to Sell Moto X4 Via Prime Exclusives. Amazon today said it will soon offer the Motorola Moto X4 through its Prime Exclusives program. Devices sold under the Prime Exclusives banner are offered at a discount in exchange for viewing ads on the lock screen.. IFA is Europe's big consumer tech show. Every year we head over to Berlin to check out everything in person, and honor the standouts with our Best of IFA award.. As the end of the year approaches so too does the season of giving. Holiday gifting lists are often filled with technology, but it isn't always easy to find that perfect item.. 3 GB RAM 3,000 mAh battery. Memory Card Slot, NFC, Fingerprint Reader, Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Water-Resistant. You must log in to post.. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Motorola Moto X4 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 33 34 ». HELLO everyone, i wonder that i should which bought of cellphone motorola z force and x4, i dont know which cell phone to buy, please give me comments, thanks,fr viet nam. Does moto releases Android one phone in india ?. Phonyboy, 22 Feb 2018 X4 vs u11 lite. Both have water proofing, work on att 4g, have mediocre cameras. HTC is very lazy and don't give you updates.. Anonymous, 19 Feb 2018 Which one to choose, U11 life or Moto X4??? If your in the US Moto is on sale. Both have water proofing, work on att 4g, have mediocre cameras. The Moto is a little less expensive at the moment in the US. dear GSMArena Team, pls mention in your "review", Moto X4's 4GB RAM is LPDDR4 OR LPDDR4X ????. any1 else wanna know this too ?. Can try that out for you :). those huge bezels though!!! hail the bezel king!!!!. Which one to choose, U11 life or Moto X4???. Hello can anyone tell me does batman telltale season 1 and 2 both games work on this moto x4.. when will "6 GB Ram Moto X4" buy in Spain, please?. or in any European country ??. I play a game called mafia battle and wondered if the Moto x4 plays this game and others okay. Dark Shadow 23, 13 Feb 2018 using 4 GB variant and no major issues so far (even after update to oreo)... more @Dark Shadow 23 Thank you for your reply !! :-). I repeat the same question if anybody knows when will be available Moto X4 6GB RAM in Europe, please.. Kissio, 02 Feb 2018 I have read that Moto X4 users when upgrading from Android 7.1 to 8.0 are having issues and fa... more using 4 GB variant and no major issues so far (even after update to oreo)... People might say battery drain and other stuff but its all psychological and also depends on apps installed. In terms of stock software I cant complain except for one thing which was there in older version as well -. all time listening to voice commands is capable of unlocking the device for owner even from a good distance (thanks to 3 dedicated mics), but sometimes i dont know why even after recognising the voice you have to unlock it with fingerprint. Although problem resolves with a restart but its annoying because i use those voice commands a lot just to test what is this device actually capable of? Trust me no other device in the market will listen to its owner's voice like it can. I can use it from a distance of 2 meters. (every other phone be it apple, pixel or samsung has to be kept very close to make it work).. it's a motorola not a lg meh girl. dear gsm arena please provide sar values of smart phones..... *** When will the Moto X4 6GB RAM be available for purchase in Europe? ***. Moto X4 screen size is ideal because its what i'm used to!. Battery useage time is always the deal breaker for me - whether it has a removable battery or none removable battery, price! Not a problem. Beautiful design & yes the 6 gb ram is a beast.. I am satisfied with the buy.. S K D GEEK, 31 Jan 2018 GPU 508????at this price...even MI MAX got 510 gpu that was launched in mid of 2016 at &#8... more Motorola is inventor class, focus on R&D so cost higher than copy paste company. Buy copy paste phone make no innovation, phone will forever the same. Pages: 1 2 3 … 33 34 ». Total of 662 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto X4 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Play Xiaomi Mi A1 Motorola Moto G5 Plus OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
For under $350, the Moto X4 packs a punch in its water-resistant, all-glass body. Solid performance, daylong battery life, and an attractive, water-resistant body.. Solid performance, daylong battery life, and an attractive, water-resistant body.. Solid performance, daylong battery life, and an attractive, water-resistant body.. Takes great photos in good lighting. No Tempow Audio in Android One model. Geekbench 4 CPU: 867 single-core, 4,127 multi-core. What’s different between the Moto X4 Android One and the other Moto X4?. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Once Motorola’s premier smartphone, the Moto X lineup. has been neglected for the better part of two years. The Moto X was the first phone Motorola produced after being acquired by Google, and we gave it a glowing review. But under Lenovo’s leadership, the company focused more on the modular Moto Z series , as well as the Moto E. Now, after all those ups and downs, the Moto X is finally back — and it’s certainly worth a look if you don’t want to shell out $600 or more for a smartphone.. In our review, we found the new Moto X4. offers a lot of phone for an affordable price. But know that there are two versions: A Moto X4 Android One. on Google’s Project Fi wireless carrier. and the regular Moto X4 sold by Motorola and other retailers. We’ve now fully tested the Moto X4 Android One and the official Motorola model, and there are a few differences between the two.. If you remember the well-received and popular design of the Moto X (and its 2014 and 2015 successors), you may be a little disappointed with the new Moto X4. Its metal frame is sandwiched by fingerprint-attracting glass, and there’s an unnecessarily-large circular bump on the back of the top center that holds two cameras and the flash. A Motorola logo sits in the center, and an “Android One” label is at the bottom if that’s the model you opt for. The Motorola model looks exactly the same, minus the label.. We like the minimal rear design, and light reflecting off the glass makes it look like the X4 is shifting colors. No matter what, you really do need a micro fiber cloth on you at all times to get rid of the fingerprints and keep the phone looking sleek. We almost always prefer no camera bumps on phones, and we were continuously worried about scratching the camera glass when putting the X4 on a flat surface, or even just sliding it around on a desk. The phone will rock side-to-side if you push down on one of the edges because of the camera bump, which can be frustrating for those of you who like to use phones flat on a desk. To be fair, a good case. would solve both of these issues.. The Moto X4 will survive underwater up to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes; that’s seriously impressive for the price.. But what we miss the most is the original Moto X’s ergonomic design. The 2013 phone curves to fit the palm comfortably, and almost perfectly. Unfortunately, that’s not the case anymore, even if the sides of the X4’s rear slightly curve into the front. That’s not to say the X4 is uncomfortable to use; the 5.2-inch screen is small enough to make the phone easy to hold, and all of its parts are accessible.. Speaking of the LCD screen, you get a 1,920 × 1,080 pixel resolution that’s sharp and vibrant. It’s colorful and not too oversaturated, and it gets bright enough to see in broad daylight.. The volume buttons are on the right edge, and there’s a textured power button below them, making it easy to identify without looking. The SIM card tray is at the top with an embedded MicroSD card slot, meaning you’re not stuck with the included 32GB of internal storage if you need more space. It charges via the USB Type-C port on the bottom, and you’ll (thankfully) find a headphone jack next to it.. The Moto X4 doesn’t jump on board the “ bezel-less ” design we’re seeing most other smartphones adopt, including Apple with the iPhone X. The edges around the screen are large, and it makes the phone look a tad dated. On the top is the Moto branding, with the selfie camera on the right and a flash on the left.. The fingerprint sensor is slightly indented on the bottom chin, and we didn’t have any issues with it. It recognized our prints and unlocked the phone quickly.. Moto X4 Android One Compared To. Overall, the Moto X4 is stylish and smooth. It feels like an expensive phone despite its low price, largely due to the all-glass design. We’d love if this glass served a purpose other than making the phone more fragile, such as support for wireless charging , but it doesn’t.. But there’s one part of the design that makes up for everything: An IP68 water-resistant rating. That’s a slightly better rating than the iPhone 8. and the Google Pixel 2. It means, like the Samsung Galaxy S8 , that the Moto X4 will survive underwater up to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes. That’s seriously impressive for the price of this phone, as IP67 and IP68 water-resistance is typically reserved for expensive flagship phones , or overtly rugged devices. Hopefully its inclusion in the Moto X4 means that we’ll see it becoming a standard in more mid- and budget-range phones. Swiping through the interface was quick, though apps often took a few extra seconds to fully load.. The X4 doesn’t have the snazziest design, which probably goes to the Essential Phone , nor does it pack a fancy high-end processor. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 powers Motorola’s Moto Z2 Force. and several other flagship 2017 Android phones, but the Moto X4 utilizes Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 630 chipset with 3GB of RAM (there’s a 4GB RAM variant available in other international markets).. We didn’t run into major issues with performance. Swiping through the interface was quick, though apps often took a few extra seconds to fully load. We did notice some sluggishness when we were downloading and updating a lot of apps at the same time, and the occasional stutter wasn’t uncommon.. The phone stuttered a little more when scrolling through apps like Twitter or on webpages on Chrome, and sometimes with multitasking. There were no glaring problems using split-screen mode, but as we mentioned earlier, apps took two to three seconds to fully load up.. Take a look at some of the Moto X4’s benchmark scores:. received an AnTuTu score of 181,599, and the Moto G5 Plus. You’re not going to see an impressive jump in performance from the $280 G5 Plus, but you will if you spend $80 more for the OnePlus 5.. Still, games like Maximum Car and Tiny Archers played smoothly without any issues, and the Moto X4 also handled the graphically intensive Transformers: Forged to Fight well. It wasn’t as smooth as we’ve seen the game on Snapdragon 835 devices, but it was perfectly playable.. Overall, the Moto X4 offers solid performance that should satisfy most people. As heavy mobile users, we acceptably got by with the X4, but avid mobile gamers may want to look at Snapdragon 835 devices.. Android One is Google’s software platform to bring the pure, stock Android experience to budget phones. That means you get stock Android without any “theme” or “skin” from the manufacturer. There’s no bloatware — only Google apps are pre-installed — and you’ll get Android and security updates as soon as they are released, as with the Google Pixel smartphones.. Google has largely pushed Android One phones internationally in developing countries; the Moto X4 is the first Android One smartphone available in the U.S. Sadly, you can purchase this specific version only from Google’s Project Fi, a mobile virtual network operator. Fi uses the Sprint, T-Mobile, and U.S. Cellular networks to give you the best coverage wherever you are, and it offers plenty of other perks you can read about in our Project Fi guide .. The Moto X4’s software is uncluttered, simple, and a pleasure to use. Swipe up to access apps and right to find the Google feed. Only Google apps are on-board, as well as the Project Fi app to manage your service. It runs Android 7.1.1, but Google said an update to the more recent Android 8.0 Oreo. will arrive before the end of the year (as of December 20, our review unit has yet to receive the Oreo update). Interestingly, that update will also improve Bluetooth from version 4.2 to version 5.. There are some small, Motorola-specific features that are genuinely useful, namely Moto Actions and Moto Display. Moto Actions offers up gestures you can make to trigger certain actions, such as a chop gesture twice to turn on the flashlight; or twisting the phone back and forth twice to launch the camera. Moto Display adds a blue-light filter at night so you get a better night’s rest , and notifications will fade on and off the screen in standby mode.. We’ve loved these Moto Actions since they debuted on the first Moto X, and Moto Display continues to be helpful. We’re happy to see them here in tandem with stock Android.. Google confirmed to Digital Trends that if you purchase the Android One Moto X4 on Project Fi and then cancel Fi service, the X4 will still work on any other major U.S. While we generally prefer stock Android to many other manufacturer’s skins, there are plenty of great reasons to opt for the regular X4 over the Android One model.. First, you can purchase it without a Project Fi subscription. The regular Moto X4 will cost the same amount, and you can buy one from Amazon (with a Prime account) for as low as $280 with lockscreen ads and offers.. There are plenty of great reasons to opt for the regular X4 over the Android One model.. Software-wise, you get a similar, near-stock Android experience with more Motorola and third-party apps installed. There are more Moto-specific functions available, such as one-button navigation, where you can hide the Android navigation bar and use the fingerprint sensor to navigate; Moto Voice, which lets you see the weather, calendar appointments, or launch apps just by using the “Show me” trigger phrase; and Moto Key, which allows you to log into password-secured websites on your laptop or desktop with the X4’s fingerprint sensor.. The regular Moto X4 also has Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant built in, which gives you an additional option in case you don’t use the Google Assistant that’s already available.. One of the cooler features not available on the Android One model is the Tempow Bluetooth Audio Profile. It’s a technology that for the first time lets you connect to up to four Bluetooth headphones or speakers to play music simultaneously with no loss of audio quality. a few months ago and liked it a lot, and it’s definitely a feature that makes the Moto X4 unique.. It’s very easy to use on the regular Moto X4, simply open up the settings and look for Wireless Sound System, then tap on the Bluetooth speakers or headphones that you want to connect. The music is perfectly synced across all devices, enabling you to transform a ragtag collection of old Bluetooth speakers into a Sonos-style sound system.. Like most new smartphones, the Moto X4 comes with a dual-camera setup. Rather than simply using it for a Portrait Mode-like function , where the background of a subject is blurred for a cool DSLR effect, Motorola is also offering a wide-angle mode, like LG’s V30. and G6 , and a few other neat tricks.. The primary shooter is packed with 12-megapixels with an f/2.0 aperture, and the second wide-angle camera has 8-megapixels with an f/2.2 aperture. The camera interface is simple to use, and there’s even a pro mode if you want to fine-tune the settings.. Before talking about the camera’s output, our biggest complaint about the Moto X4’s camera is a flaw we’ve seen before in Motorola phones. When you tap the shutter icon, the photo is supposed to be captured immediately. On the X4, there’s a visible delay when you press the shutter icon to when the captured animation occurs. This shutter lag sometimes causes some photos to be a little blurry unless you stand incredibly still, but sometimes it’s just the animation that’s slow. It can be especially frustrating when you’re trying to get a photograph involving movement.. Barring this issue, the Moto X4 captures excellent photos, as do many of today’s best smartphone cameras. Colors are neither over- nor under-saturated, and there’s surprisingly great detail in the phone’s captured images. The problem? You need good lighting. It can do a solid job in average lighting, but the Moto X4 shines with good, outdoor lighting. Many of the low-light photos we took were blurry, far too grainy, and were largely unusable — but it’s somewhat hit or miss. There were a few of our shots that came out pretty well, but at the end of the day, the X4’s camera simply wasn’t consistent, and that’s a problem.. The Depth Enabled mode is like Portrait Mode on the iPhone 8 Plus. It adds a blur effect behind a subject and it’s pretty good, though not as good as the Google Pixel 2, which doesn’t need two cameras to do the trick. The Moto X4 did sometimes have trouble figuring out the edges of a subject and where it needed to blur.. The wide-angle mode is acceptable, but it’s not our preferred mode of photography with the Moto X4. It’s largely because there’s a slight drop in image quality, especially in low-light. There’s also a mode called Spot Color, which lets you choose a single color to pop with everything else in monochrome. It worked relatively well during our tests, and it’s a lot of fun to play around with — barring the occasional errors.. Wide-angle mode (left), Spot Color mode (middle) and Depth Enabled (right) in the Moto X4’s camera. If you’re unsure what landmark you’re photographing, the Moto X4 can sometimes detect it — tap the GPS logo that pops up when you point the camera at a landmark. We tried it in front of the Empire State Building and it couldn’t recognize it, but it did accurately identify New York City’s Flatiron building. That said, this is definitely a gimmicky feature few people will likely use.. Despite the selfie camera’s unusual 16-megapixel lens, we didn’t think it was anything to write home about. Photos looked average in good and decent lighting, and mediocre in poor low-light. The flash is handy, however, if you’re in a super dark place.. Overall, the Moto X4’s camera is promising, but Motorola needs to fix the shutter delay in the camera because it makes the experience far more frustrating. The December software update listed camera improvements, but sadly the shutter delay remains.. We went from zero to 85 percent within 40 minutes.. The Moto X4 will last you a full day of use on a single charge. With heavy use starting at 8 AM, we saw the battery drop to 23 percent by 11 PM. That’s great, and you can certainly expect it to last longer than a day with medium to light use. Our heavy use involved playing music, watching videos, browsing social media and the web, and taking photos.. Motorola’s TurboPower technology charges the phone extremely fast. We went from zero to 85 percent within 40 minutes, though you need to use the included cable and power adapter to achieve those speeds.. The Moto X4 Android One was $400 at release on Project Fi, and it’s the only place you can buy this model, though, as of December there’s a $75 discount. You can always cancel Fi service later, and the phone will still be compatible with all the major U.S. The regular Moto X4 was initially priced at $400 as well, but is now available for $350. You can grab one from Best Buy, B&H, Fry’s, Jet, Motorola’s website, Newegg, Republic Wireless, and Ting. It’s also on Amazon, and Prime Exclusive members can get the lower-priced $280 model, but you’ll have to put up with lockscreen ads and offers.. Motorola offers a standard warranty on its products, which means the phone is covered from manufacturing defects for one year from the date of purchase.. The Moto X4 offers solid performance, a promising but frustrating camera, daylong battery life, and an uncluttered Android experience in an attractive, water-resistant body. For $350 or less, depending on where and when you buy, it’s a good option over most of the budget options below it.. Yes, if you can spare the extra cash, we highly recommend taking a look at the $500. It has the Snapdragon 835, which is a superior processor, and a great bezel-less design. There’s also the $350 HTC U11 Life , which is our favorite budget phone in its price range. We think it beats out the Moto X4 in performance and camera capabilities, and it’s even water resistant.. Motorola’s own Moto G5S Plus is a solid alternative for $240. It looks boring and it feels cheap, but you get similar performance and just a slightly worse camera experience. If money is really tight, then check out the $200 Honor 7X .. The Moto X4 is smack dab between two of our favorite budget phones. If you’re looking at the Amazon Prime Exclusive Moto X4 that costs $280, you should pick it over the $240 or $300 model Moto G5S Plus. But if you have a little more to spend and are considering the $350-priced model, consider the OnePlus 5T.. Considering the Moto X4 is all glass, we recommend a case to protect it from drops. It’s water resistant, so it can handle drops in the pool or splashes.. The Android One model promises fast version and security updates, and we expect it to least two to three years or longer. We can’t say the same for the regular model, and we expect it to get updates for one to two years.. It’s becoming harder to recommend at the original $400 price, but for $325 from Google or $280 from Amazon, it’s still a good buy. There aren’t a lot of smartphones at this price range that offer IP68 water-resistance. If you’re prone to accidents, this is a solid option that’s affordable. Regardless of what model you choose, you’re getting a stock or near stock Android experience with solid performance.. Still, we can’t recommend the OnePlus 5T enough. It will perform far better and doesn’t cost a huge amount more.. Update: We added mention of the latest software updates, new discounted pricing, and highlighted the Moto G5S Plus, HTC U11 Life, Honor 7X, and OnePlus 5T as fresh alternatives.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Motorola Moto X4 review: X in name only. Moto Z2 Play review: a smartphone that stands above the competition. Z2 Force hands-on: resistant, powerful and with less battery. For quite some time now, the Moto X series has been neglected by Lenovo and Motorola, in fact for a while no new models have been seen. Motorola's X factor returns to the limelight, however, and it does so with the Moto X4, which celebrated its debut at the IFA 2017. I have had the opportunity to thoroughly test the smartphone and here's. ✓ Flash in the front camera. ✓ Moto display and Moto actions. ✕ Slow and unreliable camera results. Moto X4 release date and price. The Moto X4 is being launched on the market in silver and black, and available from retailers from around. Motorola Moto X4 in the crowded mid-range category, and it's up against some tough competition there.. Moto X4 design and build quality. The Moto X4 is a real beauty.. Don't be afraid to spill a glass of water on your Moto X4.. The Moto X4 has a different design from other smartphones in the Motorola range. a totally metal body we find a slightly curved glass back to facilitate ergonomics. The silver look on my review model. is reminiscent of the Honor 9 and it feels comfortable in my hand, reminding me of. my dear old Galaxy S7 .. Like all smartphones with glass backs, fingerprints will be a nightmare even if on the silver version they are slightly less noticeable. Glass seems to have an oleophobic treatment as cleaning your fingerprints. Despite the protruding camera we can't use Motorola's exclusive Moto Mods that are reserved for the Z line of smartphones.. Overall, the smartphone is very well assembled and has a premium feel typical of last year's top-of-the-range smartphones. Do not expect a 18:9 or curved display. a classic style that has really impressed me. It's hard to find a device so handy and with premium materials at the same time. but it still looks and feels solid and well-built.. The buttons (all three on the right hand side) satisfy with a decisive click on the press and the power button is clearly distinguishable from the volume buttons thanks to a texture engraved on it. There is IP68 certification , which we do not even find on the company's top-of-the-range line.. Good viewing angles and convincing colors. At 5.2 inches, the Moto X4’s screen is smaller than those of Moto Z smartphones and delivers a full HD resolution with a 424-ppi pixel density. The IPS Panel is covered with Gorilla Glass, but we do not know what generation of materials Motorola uses here. The image is pleasant with powerful colors for an IPS display and good viewing angle stability; even the brightness is more than sufficient.. I was surprised by Motorola's choice not to include an AMOLED panel but to use an IPS instead. The Moto X series has always been characterized by an OLED display to take advantage of the Moto Display function (more on that later). and I find this choice on the new model a step back.. This does not mean that the Moto X4 has a bad display. On the contrary, given the fairly saturated calibration of colors (which can be changed by the settings), I was convinced that I was not dealing with an IPS panel. I noticed the difference only when I arrived home from work, in the dark, when I realized that the blacks were not absolute. Brightness is good and viewing angles impeccable.. We don't find premium features such as a QHD resolution or support for HDR content, but on the whole it's really a great display, you'll have no reason to complain.. An interesting function but an Always on Display would have been more useful. Le aggiunte di Motorola sono ben raggruppate e spiegate. Although Motorola's X-Series is not the company's top-of-the-range line, the software features included are the same as those of the larger series. The Moto application is included with all the functions in the Z series, which is much appreciated.. An ancestor function of the Always on Display that we now find on many top of the range. Moto Display has not changed much over the years. When your smartphone realizes that it will be moved (e. by taking it from the desk or removing it from the pocket) or feels your hand passing over it with the proximity sensor, the display will be turned on for a short while showing the watch, battery charge percentage and notification icons.. We can interact with notification icons to open or delete them directly by tapping on the Moto Display. It's a pity that, because of the IPS panel, in the dark the function turns on the entire panel, which is not very pleasant in the darkness of a cinema or living room in the evening.. This is the name given by Motorola to the various gestures available on Moto X4. We can shake the phone twice down to turn on or off the torch. We can rotate your wrist twice to access the camera quickly. We also have predefined movements to mute the ringer during a call or activate one-handed mode. Nothing new anyway, all functions already seen on many other Motorola smartphones. This is one of the functions that has changed most over the years. In the old Moto X smartphones you could call Moto Voice using the keywords "Ok, Moto". followed by many voice commands such as a selfie shot or to send a message on Whatsapp, etc.. Now the function has been considerably reduced, with just the command. We can ask it to show us the calendar, upcoming appointments, weather forecasts or open an app, nothing more. This is almost understandable as Google Assistant can cover all other functions on its own.. Forse una delle funzioni più sottovalutate dei dispositivi Motorola. Non è una funzione completamente nuova, anche con i top di gamma Samsung possiamo sfruttare una funzione simile. In poche parole possiamo configurare il nostro PC Windows per rendere il nostro smartphone una chiave di accesso.. Potremo infatti utilizzare il lettore di impronte del nostro smartphone per accedere a molte app e siti web aperti sul PC senza dover immettere nome utente e password, semplicemente ci basterà appoggiare. il nostro dito sul lettore di impronte di Moto X.. Which devices will receive Android 8.0 Oreo?. Motorola's permanent notifications are sometimes annoying and steal space from more important content. The default apps of Moto X4 (left), the Motorola File Manager is deactivated by default (centre) and a useful raincountdown (right). the market with Android 7.1.1.1 and at the time of writing. has not yet received the latest security patches. Obviously the update to Oreo will be coming,. but we don't know the timing yet.. Motorola's interface is very close to Android stock. The only changes introduced concern the Moto apps I mentioned earlier, the slightly modified launcher with dark shades, some custom icons and the installation of two third-party apps that cannot be uninstalled: Outlook and LinkedIn. This may not be a problem if you use these two applications, otherwise they may be annoying to find stuck there.. Another very annoying thing in my opinion is the implementation of Motorola's navigation buttons. We have two options: the classic on-screen software buttons or a fingerprint reader gesture system. In the first case, the on-screen buttons work exactly as expected while the fingerprint reader is completely deactivated (apart from the fingerprint reading, of course), which is annoying because in practice we find ourselves with a home button that does not work as a home button.. On the contrary, by disabling the navigation bar and activating the gestures on the fingerprint reader, we have a single tap of the home button as planned. A swipe to the left gives us the Back function while scrolling to the right brings up recent applications.. Pressing and holding the fingerprint reader will turn off the screen unless the pressure is held for. longer, in this case Assistant will be activated. Leaving aside the fact that multitasking and back gestures are often confused with pressing the home button, the whole system feels confusing. Having a navbar on screen and leaving the home button available without gestures would have been a more coherent idea in my opinion.. 3D Mark Sling Shot ES 3.1. 3D Mark Sling Shot ES 3.0. 3D Mark Ice Storm Unlimited ES 2.0. We have reached the sore point, at least in my opinion. Why Motorola? Why did you do this at your beloved Moto X series? Why did you transform a top-of-the-range series into a mediocre series with decidedly underperforming hardware? I know that I will never have an answer to these questions..... The smartphone is equipped with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 CPU, equipped with eight core Cortex-A53 architecture at a frequency of 2.2GHz accompanied by 3GB of RAM. It wouldn't be a big deal if we were talking about a Moto G-series device but here we are talking about a device that should fit in a mid-high range, especially given the price.. The performance is sufficient and the interface runs smoothly, but as soon as you require something too much such as slightly intense multitasking or data sharing between various apps you will run into slowdown and too much lag for my tastes. The games run well as long as there is nothing else to occupy the CPU in the background. The fact remains that for $350 I would have expected a little more horsepower under the bonnet, maybe a Snapdragon 820 or 821 that, although less recent than the Snapdragon 630, could give an extra boost to this smartphone.. but can be increased with the use of a microSD, also two slots for Nano SIM to use in addition to the memory card.. The good old jack is still here! / © AndroidPIT. The headset also functions as the only main speaker. Motorola has adopted quite a unique solution for the speaker of this smartphone, the main speaker is in fact placed in the headset section we use for calls. We do not find a grille or holes anywhere else in the body to let the sound come out.. On the one hand, it's great because we don't risk covering the sound output with our hand, and the speaker is frontal and facing the user. On the other hand, however, the speaker is very small and not very powerful as well as being mono and not stereo.. The sound has a good quality, the bass is heard and the audio is full: the volume is not at all satisfactory and while watching video I recommend using the headphones. Luckily the 3.5 mm jack is present, the resulting audio is clear and with a discreet volume.. The special feature of the Moto X4 is its Bluetooth audio technology. Motorola has implemented a novelty created in collaboration with Tempow. Moto X4 can control up to 4 Bluetooth audio devices simultaneously, which is great.. Connecting bluetooth has never been easier but there are side effects. When this function is activated, any other Bluetooth accessories associated with your smartphone (such as smartband or smartwatch) will be disconnected and the Wi-Fi. network will be disconnected as it interferes with the streaming of wireless audio. No Spotify therefore, unless you have the premium account and download music offline beforehand.. Connection is quick but calibration is only effective in a completely silent environment. It wasn't easy to make all 4 Bluetooth speakers play at the same time, I don't know why it took several attempts.. The photographic compartment is protruding, but I find the design original. Motorola's camera app is slow but fun. Like the Moto Z2 Force, the Moto X4 features a dual camera on the body. Unlike his older brother, this smartphone has a normal lens with a 12MP sensor and an. 8MP wide-angle lens with a 120-degree capture angle.. Switching between the two cameras is not instantaneous and it takes a bit of patience, but personally I find it more useful to introduce a wide-angle or telephoto lens than using a monochrome sensor like the one used on the Z2 Force. The distortion on the sides of wide-angle shots is noticeable but gives a fisheye effect that youmight enjoy.. The camera app features live preview mode for the bokeh effect (which. I advise you not to use except in perfect brightness and with simple subjects) and on request recognizes objects, tourist attractions, read QR codes or digitizes. During the time I spent with the Moto X4 I noticed that it really takes a lot of time to take pictures. It takes about 2 seconds to shoot, after which it still works a little bit in the background. Probably the capture and processing speeds are very limited by the SoC used, which does not have enough power. Even poorly maintained camera software may be one of the causes of the slowdown.. It features the possibility to use automatic HDR, a manual mode and a fun color spot function that will make you touch a color in the preview of the camera to select it and will later convert it into grayscale all the rest.. Moto X4 supports 4K video recording at 30 fps. Up to 60 frames per second are possible with Full HD. The front camera of the Moto X4 features a 16MP sensor with a flash LED, which is a nice addition.. The selfie capability convinced me much more than the main camera results. selfie shots with little light, the. smartphone will reduce the resolution of your photo to just 4MP for a brighter photo. The problem is that you cannot disable this function and you cannot know if it is active without checking the resolution of the final shot.. You can judge the photos taken with the. Moto X4 in original quality .. Motorola's camera app is slow but fun.. Your smartphone has a 3000 mAh battery that is not huge but not even undersized for your device. The Moto X4 has always survived my typical days with 4-5 hours of screen on about 15 hours away from the charger.. If you need extra power, you can use the Turbo Charger included in the package,. The battery fills up so fast that during my test I noticed that I could recover more than 40% of the battery in less than 30 minutes.. In our classic test, performed with Mark Battery Work 2.0 PC, the smartphone lasted for about 6 hours confirming my initial impressions: very good but not exceptional. Despite the glass back on the smartphone, there is no wireless charging.. The call microphone was compared to Marilyn Monroe's mole by one of his colleagues in the office. The Moto X series is back but doesn't do it in style. The smartphone has very nice design lines, is impeccably constructed and is comfortable to use even with just one hand. The small tricks put in by Motorola are interesting but not amazing, and despite everything the cameras are decent and fun. as long as you have the patience required.. There is only one unjustifiable thing about this smartphone and it is the lack of power that would have made the Moto X4 a worthy heir of previous models. Unfortunately, Lenovo and Motorola have decided to save on power while still placing a medium-high price device on the market. Many equally powerful alternatives can be found at lower prices, which will not help Moto X4 sales.. Looking for a smart phone with a classic and elegant look but don't have big demands in performance? Motorcycle X4 could make it to your needs. If you are looking for a device that converts every single dollar you spend into power or a smartphone to have fun photographing the world, an LG G6 could definitely be a wiser and more satisfying choice.. Given the downward trend in the value of smartphones, it could still be a great deal once the price goes down.. In that case I recommend it because my experience with this Moto X4 was pleasant and there are no real deal breakers.. Do you own one of the latest Lenovo/Motorola devices? How do you find it?. When will they release the phone?. I guess I don't have to many good things to say about the Lenovo takeover of Motorola. They seem to keep downgrading their phones. The x4 is nothing like the moto x of the past. The z2play & force downgraded batteries & no OIS with the camera's. The g5plus is probably their best offering. When a mid-ranger is your best that is certainly not saying much for your flagship. Plus the price of the force keeps getting price reductions. All their doing is dragging the Motorola name thru the mud. So in turn the takeover just plain sucks! After owning the orginal turbo & turbo2 which in fact were great phones you have definitely lost a great fan of Motorola phones. Lenovo your takeover has been the worst as far as I'm concerned!. and make the X the premium phone it deserves, or at least spec an amoled panel.. Other reports are saying an US price of $400. Decent phone, but I'll go for the Xperia XZ1 instead.. I think at 199.00 the Honor 7x is still a better phone!. MWC 2018 live updates: Sony shakes up the Xperia XZ2 design. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
Motorola Moto X4 Review, Ratings, Pros Cons, Specs and Cases. 4 GB RAM | 64 GB ROM | MicroSD upto 2048 GB. 12MP Primary Camera | 16MP Front Camera. Available in Super Black, Sterling Blue Colors. Latest prices and availability on various online stores :. 32 3 Super Black, Sterling Blue 20999 More info →. Motorola Moto X4 Review and Pros Cons:. User Reviews of Motorola Moto X4:. Motorola Moto X4 was released at an event at IFA in Berlin in September and the phone is. set to launch in India on 13th November. With Moto X4, Motorola makes a comeback with its X series phones in the mid-range segment. The phone looks stunning, has a powerful hardware inside and many new features.. Though we call Moto X4 as a mid-range phone its. looks and design are extremely premium. The smartphone features a 5.2 inch IPS LCD display and has glass on both front and back and a metal frame in between but lacks a bezel-less display.. The front of the Moto X4 which is protected by a. comes with a fingerprint sensor at the bottom and a front camera of 16 MP at the top. The back of the phone hosts a dual camera setup of 12 MP + 8 MP which protrudes. little out from the back panel.. Motorola Moto X4 comes with an. tag, which can keep in Dust and waterproof for up to 1.5 Meters and 30 minutes. Ohh, and one other great news about Moto X4 is the. Stock Android experience , currently working with Android 7.1(Nougat) and a. planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo).. factor, Moto X4 comes powered by 2.2 GHz octa-core. Chipset, with an Antutu benchmark score of 70,000, a 10% increase over the Snapdragon 625 seen in many smartphones like Mi A1 , Moto G5S Plus and Honor 9i. Moto X4 has 4GB of RAM and internal storage of 64 GB which is expandable up to. 2TB, so memory and RAM are never going to be an issue. The performance is top notch and no lag experience whatsoever could be seen in our initial reviews.. Motorola Moto X4 had a lot of rumor on the camera specifications which Motorola calls. Advanced Dual Rear Camera System , capable of clicking Stunning Portraits and Wide Angle landscapes. is a dual camera setup of 12MP + 8 MP, the 12MP sensor uses Dual Autofocus Pixel technology to deliver crisp results in any lighting conditions, and the 8 MP gives a 120 Degree field of view. The rear camera setup has a. and can shoot videos at 4K resolution. The camera is slow and takes time to process the images. Maybe this will be fixed by Motorola with a software update.. setup of Moto X4 has a wide-angle 16 MP sensor with a. LED flash with an adaptive low light mode for perfect selfie even in low light conditions.. The camera software comes with various features named as. which adds a blur to background or foreground of images while keeping the main subject in clear focus and. which allows changing the background or foreground to black and white with the main subject in full color.. Moto X4 packs a 3,000 mAH battery, with turbocharging capability. The battery would last for around a day with normal usage. Also, the phone is sensor-rich and comes with all needed sensors like Compass, Gyroscope etc.. Apart from the regular specifications, Motorola has added some new taste to Moto X4, which comes with. With this upgrade, Moto X4 can stream music wirelessly to up to. 4 Bluetooth speakers and headphones, whose volumes can be controlled independently.. Moto X4 is a Flipkart exclusive device in India. The 3GB-32GB variant is available at Rs. 20999 and 4GB-64GB variant is available at Rs.22999. We think the higher variant offers more value for money so you should buy that.. One small disappointment that Moto X4 has that it does not have Radio in it. So you cannot tune in to FM with Moto X4.. Final Verdict, With all these features under its hood,. Moto X4 looks like a very promising Mid-range. phone , capable of redefining the market as Motorola did with its budget phones. If you are confused about color, then go for sterling blue. Black and Blue both look stunning but we all see a lot of black phones, sterling blue looks something different and is our favorite.. what the IP rating means for your phone.. If you would like to read the reviews given by customers who bought this device then check out the links below. Premium design and looks in a mid range phone Perfect rear and front camera setup, with great inbuilt software features. Powerful Snapdragon 630 chipset capable of delivering smooth experience. IP68 certified making it resistant to dust and water.. Camera is slow and takes time to process images. Lacks Bezel less display but still the looks are amazing.. Like the Motorola Moto X4? Place your order now!. The best price of Motorola Moto X4 is around Rs. The prices keep changing so please check the latest price and available deals & offers at links below. Should you buy Motorola Moto X4?. As per our team at Suggest Phone, Moto X4 comes as a very promising phone in the Mid Range segment, outperforming in every segment. It has a powerful chipset, perfect camera, holds a premium design and some great software updates in camera with a stock Android Experience.. Deals/Offers: Flipkart Cooling Days Sale is Live. Get AC, Fridge, Coolers at low prices. Plus 0% EMI and 10% Discount on ICICI Cards.. Moto X4 and Moto G5S Plus comparison. Moto X4 and Honor 9i comparison. Moto X4 and Moto Z2 Play comparison. Moto X4 and Mi A1 Comparison. Motorola Moto X4 Cases and Covers. Moto X4 BESTTALK Shock Proof Case. Moto X4 Brushed Finish Armor Back Cover. Motorola Moto X4 Video Review :. Latest News and Articles on our Blog. Best DSLR Cameras Under 40000 In India 2018 by Tejas Upmanyu on 2018-02-26. Looking for a DSLR under 40000? Take a look at our list of best dslr cameras under 40000 available in India as of 2018. Best DSLRs from brands like Nikon, Canon, Sony have been listed. Price of DSLRs on the list varies from Rs. A Treatise On How To Buy The Best DSLR [DSLR Buyers Guide] by Tejas Upmanyu on 2018-02-25. Digital Single Lens Reflex Cameras have gone mainstream in recent years. This article is a treatise on how to buy the best DSLR. You will find details on why DSLR cameras are much better than smartphones cameras and a list of things you should consider before buying a DSLR.. TOP 10 Best Cases and Back Covers for Honor 9 Lite by Geetansh Arora on 2018-02-11. Honor 9 Lite was launched recently in India at a price of under Rs. 15000 for 32GB and 64GB variants. In this article we take a look at best cases and back covers available for Honor 9 Lite. printed back covers, flip covers and armor cases.. Best VR Headsets in India 2018 (with Reviews) by Tejas Upmanyu on 2018-02-10. In this Tech Savvy World, We bring the latest trend, the best VR headset in India. Virtual Reality has been a hot topic lately and here we cover the top 6 VR(Virutal Reality) headset available in India that can redefine your experience of watching entertainment stuff. We have covered the reviews, pros and cons of each of these VR headset.. Suggest Phone is designed to help users find best smartphones according to their usage and budget. Our goal is to make it easier for users to make a choice. A user should not care about how much RAM is there or at what speed the processor is running. They just need a phone which will run smoothly and caters to their need of storage or battery or camera.. Phone: +91 8851 393 407. © Copyright 2018 by Suggest Phone Technologies. 
Mobile Internet Blog About Help Follow (124,000+) Sign Up / Sign In. Support 1-855-846-4389 Sales 1-855-999-7266 Chat Chat Ticket Email mobile Service status mobile Knowledgebase mobile Forums. Support 1-844-846-4994 Sales 1-855-846-4626 Chat Chat Ticket Email internet Service status internet Knowledgebase internet Forums. Twitter 28.9k+ Facebook 67.6k+ Youtube 19.4k+ Reddit 2.8k+ Google+ 3.0k+ Instagram 2.6k+ RSS. Rates Coverage Shop Check Your Phone Activate. Mobile Internet Rates Coverage Shop Check Your Phone Activate mobile Help internet Help Blog About Sign Up / Sign In. Back Current Usage Usage Alerts Device Settings Billing History Refer Your Friends Account Activity Account Settings Sign Out. Back 1-855-846-4389 Chat Submit a Request Service status Knowledgebase Forums. Back 1-844-846-4994 Chat Submit a Request Service status Knowledgebase Forums. Back Charlottesville, VA Westminster, MD Holly Springs, NC Sandpoint, ID Centennial, CO. In stock SIM card included. In stock SIM card included. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. You can buy and bring a device from any one of a wide variety of retailers online. The page you'll land on will be for a device that's compatible with Ting, technologically speaking. Any purchase you make will be subject to the retailer's own unique terms, conditions, return and warranty policies, etc.. Overview Specs Warranty FAQ Warranty Battery: $20.00 Charger: $10.00 USB Cable: $3.00 SD Card: $5.00 Manual: $3.00 Other parts: at our discretion. What will I pay with Ting? Unlike typical mobile plans, what you pay adjusts up or down based on what you use. Customers routinely report 40-60% savings as compared with their previous cell phone service.. Can I bring my current phone? Absolutely. Use our handy Bring Your Own Phone checker to see if your current phone can come to Ting.. Can I bring my current phone number? Yes, the majority of phone numbers can make the switch to Ting.. All new devices purchased from Ting come with a one-year manufacturer warranty from original date of sale. All refurbished devices purchased from Ting come with a 30-day warranty from original date of sale. Devices brought to Ting through the 'Bring Your Own Device' program are not covered by any warranty.. If your device is defective, please drop us a line at help@ting.com or give us a call at 1-855-846-4389 to see if it's eligible for a warranty replacement. If eligible, we'll replace the defective device with a new or refurbished device of the same or comparable model at our discretion.. Our conditions for a warranty claim are as follows:. Your warranty only covers defects in materials or workmanship. It does not cover defects arising from damage or normal wear-and-tear or aging.. The warranty covers issues such as: software-related issues, activation problems, camera defects, unresponsive keys, dead pixels, etc.. The warranty does not cover issues like: diminishing battery life, scratches, accidental damages, coverage issues, or software incompatibility/problems with 3rd-party apps.. Attempting to 'root' or otherwise 'mod' your phone will void its warranty.. Visible physical damage to your phone (e.g. liquid damage, cracked LCD, damaged housing) will void its warranty.. You must return the defective device back to us using the prepaid shipping label we give you.. Your defective device must be received at our warehouse within 21 days of when the replacement is shipped (don't worry - we'll remind you).. If the original isn't received within 21 days, we'll assume you wanted to keep both devices and will charge you for the replacement and express shipping fees, if applicable.. You must return all accessories (charger, cables, manual, etc.) with the defective device.. If components are missing, we will charge a nonrefundable missing parts fee as outlined here:. Your defective device must be returned in good condition.. If the device is determined to have some type of damage that voids its warranty (e.g. liquid damage, 'modded' OS, etc.), we may charge a nonrefundable damage fee at our discretion.. Depending on the extent of the damage, this fee may be up to the full retail price of the device.. You will not receive the damaged device back - we will dispose of it on your behalf.. Our warranties expressly exclude certain categories of damages and uses of your phone. These exclusions, which we do not cover, include possible costs or damages for which you will not be reimbursed. The limits of what we provide above relate to the device itself. We are not responsible for lost data or the time that you were without a device. We encourage you to back up your data regularly, as no one else will take responsibility for the restoration of any lost data. We are not responsible for any consequential damages, from the loss of your device, the loss of your data, or the time you were without your device.. We do not warrant any device for merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Some jurisdictions require us to list our exclusions in VERY LARGE LETTERING, just so you know that this is really important stuff. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WARRANTY AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TING IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONDITION, OR UNDER ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE; LOSS OF REVENUE; LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS ON CONTRACTS); LOSS OF THE USE OF MONEY; LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS; LOSS OF BUSINESS; LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; LOSS OF GOODWILL; LOSS OF REPUTATION; LOSS OF, DAMAGE TO OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; OR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE HOWSOEVER CAUSED INCLUDING THE REPLACEMENT OF EQUIPMENT AND PROPERTY, ANY COSTS OF RECOVERING, PROGRAMMING, OR REPRODUCING ANY PROGRAM OR DATA STORED OR USED WITH APPLE PRODUCTS AND ANY FAILURE TO MAINTAIN THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF DATA STORED ON THE PRODUCT. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CLAIMS, OR ANY STATUTORY LIABILITY FOR INTENTIONAL AND GROSS NEGLIGENT ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.. We do not manufacture our Devices. The only warranties applicable to our Devices are those extended by the manufacturers. We have no liability, therefore, in connection with Devices or for manufacturers' acts or omissions.. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR ANY SOFTWARE USED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, PERFORMANCE OR ACCURACY. We expressly disclaim any and all implied warranties. WE DO NOT PROMISE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED SERVICE AND DO NOT AUTHORIZE ANYONE TO MAKE WARRANTIES ON OUR BEHALF.. Design Dimensions Weight. Display Screen Resolution. Hardware Processor Storage. 32 GB built-in storage (up to an additional 2 TB with microSD) 3 GB RAM. Camera Front Rear. Technology Data Frequency. CDMA 3G/4G LTE GSM H+ / 4G LTE. CDMA 800/1900 GSM 1900 + 1700/2100. Introducing Moto X4, a phone designed like no other.. With an advanced 12 MP + 8 MP dual rear camera system, it’s made for taking your best photos ever. Incredibly sharp images in low light. Even panoramic selfies with a 16 MP front camera. And with a precision-crafted glass and metal design, it’s as beautiful as it is strong.. Wherever life takes you, power through the day with a 3000 mAh battery and a fast octa-core processor. Stay protected from splashes with IP68-rated water resistance. Plus, enjoy intuitive Moto Experiences that make using Moto X4 easier and more fun.. Features Amazon Alexa Dual rear cameras IP68 water resistant. Now, whether you’re in a hotel, a friend’s house or simply out and about, the features and benefits of Alexa are always with you.. Take photos worth bragging about with an advanced camera system.. Keep your phone protected from accidental spills, splashes and even puddles.. © Ting 2018 Site Map Terms of Service Privacy Policy Shipping and Returns Help. 
Listed Price : 20,999. Motorola Moto X4 smartphone comes with a 5.2-inch LTPS IPS display with full HD (1080×1920 pixels) resolution, 424 PPI pixel density and Corning Gorilla protection. The Moto X4 is powered by a 2.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 octa-core SoC paired with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage, which could be further expanded up to 2TB via microSD card. The smartphone comes with a dual-camera setup – 12-megapixel dual auto-focus sensor with f/2.0 aperture and 8-megapixel ultra-wide angle sensor. Up front, the smartphone is equipped with a 16-megapixel snapper with flash. On the software front, the Moto X4 runs the Android 7.1 Nougat. The device has a fingerprint scanner, USB Type-C port, and 3.5mm audio jack. Other connectivity options include NFC, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi (dual-band, 2.4GHz, and 5GHz), GPS, 4G LTE, and FM radio support.. Moto X4 with 6GB RAM Review: More RAM is a good thing. Infinix Zero 5 review: A solid mid-ranger, but…. Moto X4 Review: Style and performance, but it isn't perfect. Full Specifications of Motorola Moto X4. Dual Sim Capability Dual Nano SIM. 2G Network Technology GSM - Bands (2 / 3 / 5 / 8). 3G Network Technology WCDMA - Bands (1 / 2 / 4 / 5 / 8). 4G Network Technology FDD LTE - Bands (1 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 20 / 28), TDD LTE - Bands (38 / 40 / 41). Sales Package Handset, User Manual, Headset, 15W Turbo Charger, USB Cable. Display Resolution full HD (1920 * 1080) pixels. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 2TB. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Octa-Core 2.2GHz Processor. Camera resolution dual camera 12 MP (f/2.0 aperture) + 8 MP (f/2.0 aperture). Camera Features PDAF, Ultra-wide angle shot, Professional mode, Depth detection and depth effects, Selective Focus, Selective Black & White (beta), Background Replacement (beta), Spot Color, Landmark/Object Recognition, Scan barcodes/QR codes/Business cards, Panorama, Slo-motion video, Best shot. Secondary Camera 16 MP with f/2.0 aperture, Selfie panorama, Face filters, Beautification mode, Professional mode. Size (L by B by T) 148.35 x 73.4 x 7.99 mm. Moto Days on Flipkart: Moto E4 Plus, Moto X4, Moto Z2 Play available with Rs 2,000 exchange discount and more. Moto X4 sale, JioCoin fake apps, Cake browser, OnePlus 5T OxygenOS Open Beta 3, more: Daily News Wrap. Moto X4 with 6GB of RAM, Android 8.0 Oreo to go on sale at midnight on Flipkart priced at Rs 24,999. Moto X4 launch, HTC U11 Android Oreo update, mAadhaar for iOS and more: Daily News Wrap. Moto X4 with 6GB RAM launched in India, priced at Rs 24,999. Motorola Moto X4 Reviews in India. Motorola Moto X4 Features & Specs. Motorola Moto X4 Vs Micromax Superfone Canvas A100. Motorola Moto X4 Vs Nokia 2700 classic. Motorola Moto X4 Vs Motorola Moto Z2 Play. 13,999 Buy Now. 27,999 Buy Now. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Octa-Core 2.2GHz Processor. Camera dual camera 12 MP (f/2.0 aperture) + 8 MP (f/2.0 aperture). By Ali Pardiwala on 30 January 2018. It’s fairly easy for us to recommend a good smartphone for every price segment above Rs 30,000, as. By Sambit Satpathy on 22 December 2017. Hong Kong-based brand Infinix entered the Indian market earlier this year with a couple of smartphones.. By Ritesh Bendre on 28 November 2017. Lenovo-owned Motorola recently launched a new smartphone in its Moto X-series. 64GB, 4GB RAM | 2G,3G,4G | Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Octa-Core 2.2GHz Processor. 64GB, 6GB RAM | 2G,3G,4G | Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Octa-Core 2.2GHz Processor. Staff on Feb 22, 2018 08:45 PM. The sale kick-started today and will run until February 24, .... Staff on Jan 31, 2018 10:49 PM. Here are the top news stories of the .... Staff on Jan 31, 2018 09:54 AM. The upgraded Moto X4 comes with increased RAM and Android .... Staff on Jan 29, 2018 09:38 PM. Here are the top news stories of the .... IANS on Jan 29, 2018 04:01 PM. The new Moto X4 variant will be going on sale via Flipkart .... Write a Review on Moto X4 Review: Style and performance, but it isn't perfect. @XiaomiIndia Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work? buff.ly/2GLBH2F https://t.co/frn6lS1rVI. @SamsungMobile Galaxy S9+: Six features that make it a worthy successor to Galaxy S8+ buff.ly/2oBYSFl. #MWC2018 : @Huawei launches #MWC2018 , world’s first bezel-less notebook #MWC2018 buff.ly/2FvMaj8 https://t.co/Zf42uKM9Z3. 
News / Top 10 / Opinions / Features / How-To / Deals / Business. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Tablets / Phones / Apps / Software / Security / Printers / Cameras / HDTV. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. First Looks Product Guides Mobile Phone Reviews Motorola Moto X4. The Motorola Moto X4 phone combines midrange specs with a solid design, dual rear cameras, and built-in support for Amazon's Alexa voice assistant.. Editor Rating: Excellent (4.0) Nov 08, 2017. The Motorola Moto X4 phone combines midrange specs with a solid design, dual rear cameras, and built-in support for Amazon's Alexa voice assistant.. The Moto X4 is Motorola's fusion phone. Priced at $399.99 unlocked or $329.99 subsidized by Amazon ads, it combines aspects from both ends of its lineup, like dual rear camera sensors and a waterproof design from the high-end Z2 Force , with the midrange specs of the more affordable G5 Plus. It doesn't support Moto Mods, but has the almost-stock Android software Motorola is known for, as well as integration with Amazon's Alexa voice assistant. Its status is bolstered by a strong battery and solid dual-camera system. Shoppers after premium features on a more modest budget will appreciate the X4, our Editors' Choice in the midrange price bracket.. The Moto X4 catches the eye. Its back panel is designed to reflect light in different patterns based on angle and lighting conditions. It's quite fetching in both Super Black and Sterling Blue options, though I noticed it picks up fingerprints and smudges rather easily and it's very, very slippery.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The phone measures a hand-friendly 5.8 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.7 ounces. It's similar in size to the G5 Plus (5.9 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches, 5.5 ounces), but its mirror-like design looks and feels far more premium. This comes at the cost of weight though, as the X4 is nearly an ounce heavier than the HTC U11 Life (5.9 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches, 5 ounces).. There's a SIM/microSD card slot on top, the latter of which supports cards up to 2TB. And there's a headphone jack on the bottom, next to a USB-C charging port. Volume and power buttons can be found on the right. There's a fingerprint sensor on the bottom bezel and when you activate One Button Navigation you can use a series of swipe gestures in place of the standard software navigation keys. It's a nifty feature to save some screen space.. Like the Z2 Force, the Moto X4 is IP68 waterproof, meaning it can withstand submersion in six feet of water for up to 30 minutes.. The Moto X4 has a 5.2-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS display. It's crisp, 424 pixels per inch, matching the resolution of the U11 Life. Colors are bright and accurate, and viewing angles are great. Brightness ramps up pretty well, and I was able to use the phone outdoors without too much difficulty. You also get all the standard Motorola features like Active Display, which lights up the screen with time, date, notifications, and media controls when you pick the phone up. And there are gesture controls; twisting the phone launches the camera and shaking it turns on the flashlight.. The unlocked Moto X4 supports GSM (2/3/5/8), CDMA (0/1/10), WCDMA (1/2/4/5/8), and LTE bands (1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/20/25/26/28/66), for comprehensive network connectivity. It allows the X4 to work on AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon. I tested it on T-Mobile in midtown Manhattan, where the phone registered top speeds of 27.51Mbps down and 18.73Mbps up. That's pretty good for a highly congested area.. Call quality is decent, but nothing spectacular. Transmissions came across as muddy, with a bit of garbling. Noise cancellation is fine, especially when combined with the loud earpiece that doubles as a speaker, but some horns and background conversation broke through. You also get Wi-Fi calling with compatible carriers.. The phone supports dual-band (2.4GHz and 5GHz) Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.0, and NFC. You can connect up to four Bluetooth and Wi-Fi audio devices at the same time using Motorola's built-in wireless sound system. I connected it to a pair of speakers and Bluetooth headphones and streamed music nearly flawlessly, aside from some skipping and stuttering caused by a congested Wi-Fi network. Playback can be individual or in a stereo setup. Only one speaker can be connected over 2.4GHz, and phone call routing isn't currently supported.. The phone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor clocked at 2.2GHz with 3GB of RAM. It scored 70,353 in the AnTuTu benchmark, which measures overall system performance, better than the Snapdragon 625-powered G5 Plus (63,845) and roughly matching the HTC U11 Life (71,786). In regular usage, this translates into fast, reliable performance with smooth multitasking. It can also handle demanding games like GTA: San Andreas, though you may encounter the occasional stutter.. The phone clocked 7 hours, 25 minutes when we set screen brightness to maximum and streamed full-screen video over LTE. That's a lot longer than the U11 Life (5 hours), and similar to the G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). The phone also supports fast charging, letting you juice up to 6 hours of usage in just 15 minutes when using the included 15W power adapter. The 3,000mAh battery should be more than sufficient for a day of average use.. The Moto X4 is the latest phone to join the trend of dual-sensor cameras. On the back, you get one 12-megapixel primary sensor and a second 8-megapixel wide-angle camera. The two sensors give it a notable advantage over single-sensor devices when it comes to focusing speed and low-light performance, and support a full set of manual controls to let you adjust things like white balance and ISO.. Outdoors and in good lighting, the X4 takes crisp pictures with minimal noise. Color reproduction is accurate, though it tends to be on the warmer side with yellows and greens. The real advantage of the second sensor comes through in low-light shooting, where the X4 consistently outperformed the U11 Life in capturing light and minimizing blur in testing, as you can see in the photos below.. The second camera also allows for some cool effects. You can shoot in a wide-angle setup, similar to the LG V30 , letting you capture more of your surroundings, though often with some barrel distortion around the edges of the shot. It's a feature we've enjoyed on other phones for capturing broad views of scenery. The X4 can add to that with its Landmark/Object recognition feature. When you point the phone at a notable landmark or object, it can generate information about it, usually drawing from Wikipedia.. It can be handy when it works, but I found it was often unreliable, either taking too long to recognize things or not recognizing anything at all. The information generated also isn't particularly useful. For instance, it was capable of identifying a gaming mouse, but not the brand, resulting in a link to generic mice rather than a link to where the particular Logitech mouse could be purchased.. More functional features include bokeh, which lets you focus on a foreground object and blur out the background. Selective Black and White is another interesting feature that makes most of the scene black and white, but lets you pick one color and single it out to remain in the shot for a striking effect, as you can see here.. For video, the phone supports stable 4K recording at 30fps, 1080p at 60fps, and slow-motion capture. And there's a 16-megapixel selfie camera that takes clear pictures in most settings.. In terms of software, the phone runs a fairly stock version of Android 7.1.1 Nougat with Motorola's useful add-ons enabled through the Moto app. An update to Android 8.0 Oreo should roll out in the future. Aside from the aforementioned gestures, you can enable Moto Key, a way to securely unlock Windows devices and log into websites using the phone's fingerprint sensor as authentication. Setup is simple, though it requires you to download and install Moto Key software onto your laptop or desktop and the X4 must be connected via Bluetooth.. Moto Alexa is a new app you'll find on the X4. It's basically just Amazon's Alexa, giving you yet another AI voice assistant to help look up information and control smart home devices. Just like the Echo speaker, you can set the phone to always be listening, so it'll automatically wake when you say "Alexa." One thing to note is that Alexa can't send text messages or make phone calls outside of the Alexa app, so for that you'll need to rely on Google Assistant. It's also only available in a limited number of countries.. The unlocked Moto X4 doesn't have much in preloaded content aside from the previously mentioned Motorola and Alexa apps. An Android One version (with pure Android software0 works on Google's Project Fi network, while Amazon's ad-subsidized version gets you a full suite of the retailer's apps.. On our unlocked review unit, out of 32GB of total storage, we had 14.36GB available for use. That's a little on the low side if you plan to take lots of photos and video, so you may want to use a microSD card. Adoptable storage, a feature that merges internal storage and a memory card into a single volume, isn't available.. The Moto X4 is close in price to the U11 Life, but gives you more for the money. While both phones have similar levels of overall performance and solid features, the X4 pulls ahead due to its superior camera capabilities, broader carrier compatibility, and longer-lasting battery. That makes it our Editors' Choice among midrange phones. If you're looking for something even more affordable, the Moto G5 Plus packs in solid specs for $100 less, though it lacks the bells and whistles that make the X4 stand out.. Bottom Line: The Motorola Moto X4 phone combines midrange specs with a solid design, dual rear cameras, and built-in support for Amazon's Alexa voice assistant.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. It seems like everyone from hackers to governments is after your personal .... The Best Password Managers of 2018. Creating one strong password that you can remember is hard enough; doing .... The Best Website Builders of 2018. It doesn't have to be an ordeal to set up a website .... About About PCMagazine Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise AdChoices. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto X4 Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. Motorola Moto X4 (32 GB). 4.3 1051 Ratings 19 Questions & Answers. 5.2-inch Full HD IPS LCD display. The next variant of this mobile is Moto X5. It has dual rear cameras (12MP + 8MP) with a dual-LED flash. and a 16 MP front-facing camera. It has 32 GB internal storage. expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include dual-SIM 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 ac/b/g/n, Bluetooth v5.0, GPS, NFC, and a USB Type-C. The device is powered by a. Best Price: ₹ 20,999. Key Specifications Snapdragon 630 processor 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage 3000 mAh battery Dual (12 M.Pixels + 8 M.Pixels) rear & 16 M.Pixels selfie 5.2 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, 7.1 (Nougat). Earn ₹157 cashback on this product. (Not applicable for purchases in Amazon) i Sign up. Motorola Moto X4 Price in India. Motorola Moto X4 Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto X4 is at Flipkart. Moto X4 is not available in other online stores. This phone is available in 32 GB, 64 GB, 64 GB storage variants.. The Moto X4 is a mid-range Android-based smartphone device from the company for the year 2017. The Moto X4 features metal unibody design for increased rigidity and peace of mind. The Moto X4 is available in fine gold colour variant.. The Moto X4 sports a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display with Full HD resolution. The display is armed with Corning’s Gorilla Glass 3 to protect from scratches and to provide increased strength.. The Moto X4 has 12MP + 8MP dual primary cameras for DSLR-like bokeh effect. The dual cameras also help in capturing wide-angle images.The primary camera uses phase detection autofocus and dual-tone dual-LED flash. The secondary camera on the Moto X4 has a 16-megapixel resolution for sharper selfies. The device can record 120 FPS slow-motion videos at HD resolution and 4K videos at 30 FPS.. The processing power is where the Moto X4 shines with its Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 octa-core chipset which is clocked at 2.2GHz and. The Moto X4 also comes with a front-mounted fingerprint scanner that also acts a home button. The Moto X4 comes pre-installed with Android 7.1 Nougat OS. There are very few cosmetic changes in the UI for a better experience.. The Moto X4 is powered by a 3,000 mAh non-removable battery with Motorola’s Turbo Charge technology. The Moto X4 has dual-SIM connectivity with support for 4G LTE. There is also support for VoLTE, Wi-Fi ac/b/g/n, Bluetooth v5.0, NFC, GPS, and a USB Type-C port.. Motorola Moto X4 Specifications Display Display Type LTPS IPS LCD Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.2 Pixel Density 424 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Protection Corning Gorilla Glass Screen to body percentage 68.4 % Design and Build Dimensions 5.8 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches Weight 163 grams Software Operating System Android OS, 7.1 (Nougat) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash Yes Primary Dual (12 M.Pixels + 8 M.Pixels) Front 16 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 32GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 256GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3000 mAh Turbo Charge Yes Connectivity Bluetooth v5.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB Type-C 1.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 630 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Make Qualcomm Frequency 2.2 GHz GPU Adreno 508 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light Yes Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. What are the specifications of this mobile?. The specifications of this mobile are 3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 2 TB, 5.2 inch Full HD Display, 12MP + 8MP Dual Rear Camera | 16MP Front Camera, 3000 mAh Battery, Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Processor.. Can we use dual SIM and a memory card at same time?. We can use one SIM card and memory card or one VoLTE SIM and 4G SIM at a time.. No, you can't use dual SIM and a memory card at same time.. Does it have a fingerprint sensor?. Yes, it has a fingerprint sensor (front-mounted).. Does it have face detection unlock feature?. No, it doesn't have face detection unlock feature.. Which one is better between Moto X4 and G5S Plus?. Depends on the budget, both the phones are worth their price.. Moto X4 is better than G5s Plus X4 is water-resistant.. Moto X4 is little better than Moto G5s Plus.. No doubt, Moto X4 is the better choice.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto X4. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Motorola mobile price list in India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price (Rs. iPhone 6 32GB price in India (Rs. Nokia 8 price in India (Rs. iPhone SE price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro price (Rs. Honor 9i price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto X4. Moto X4 Android 8.0 Oreo update rolling out, confirms company?s representative. The Moto X4was scheduled to receive its Android 80 Oreo updatereal soon and it appears that the day has finally arrived More details have reported that the Android One version of the Moto X4 began receiving its Oreo update early so it was only natural that the official software update was goin. Moto Z2 Force India Launch Date Is February 15: What to Expect From the Motorola Smartphone?. After the success of the Moto X4 in the upper midrange segment Lenovo-owned Motorola is all set to launch a new handset in the high-end segment in India The new handset - the Moto Z2 Force - is the successor to the Moto Z Force that was launched back in 2016 While the Moto Z Force never officiall. Motorola Moto X4 Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto X4 was obtained on 26th February 2018 15:07:13 The Motorola Moto X4 is available in Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto X4 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Motorola Moto X4 Price in India is Rs. 20,999 as on 26th February 2018 15:07:13. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto X4 - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto X4 -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Motorola Moto X4 -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto X4 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto X4 -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto X4 -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Super fast recharge for your Device. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Motorola Moto X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto X4 -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto X4 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto X4 -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP USB-Type-C Wall Charger and Cable Combo SA-EP-TA300CWEGUJ, White. Super fast recharge for your Samsung Galaxy. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Motorola Moto X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto X4 -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Motorola Moto X4 -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Motorola Moto X4 -Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Fully charges your Device in just a few short hours. Plugs into any vehicle cigarette lighter socket or 12 volt power port. Enjoy full functionality of your Device while it charges. Motorola Moto X4 -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. Motorola Moto X4 -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Motorola Moto X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto X4 -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto X4 -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto X4 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Motorola Moto X4 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). Motorola Moto X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto X4 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Moto X4 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Moto X4 -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Motorola Moto X4 -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Moto X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto X4 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Moto X4 -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. Motorola Moto X4 -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Motorola Moto X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Blue. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto X4 -AA Battery Powered Emergency 0.5 Amp USB Charger, Black. Emergency Cell Phone Charger w/Built-in LED Flashlight. Easy to operate - requires one AA battery (not included). Convenient push button activates bright LED flashlight. Includes 3 charging adapters (LG, Mini USB and Device). Motorola Moto X4 -OEM 1.8 Amp Micro USB Charger (MCS-04WD). Compatible w/devices featuring a Micro USB charging port. 
Home >> Phones >> Motorola >>Moto X4. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. The Moto X4 is the company's latest smartphone in the 'Moto X' series and features IP68 certification for water and dust resistance and has a 3D rear contoured design. It is powered by Android 7.1 Nougat.. Also available with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage.. - 2.2GHz Octa Core Snapdragon 630 Processor. - 3/4GB RAM With 32/64GB ROM. - 5.2 Inch FHD LTPS IPS Display. - 12MP + 8MP Dual Rear Camera With Dual Tone LED Flash. - 16MP Front Camera With LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Motorola Moto X4 User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Pros / Cons Expert Review Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: 13 November, 2017 |. 32GB ROM / 3GB RAM 64GB ROM / 4GB RAM. 12MP+8 MP Dual lens Primary Camera, 16 MP Front Camera. 5.2 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Octa Core 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53. Finger print sensor Metal Body. Gorilla Glass OTG Supported Waterproof. Best Waterproof Phones Best Phones for Couples. Best Waterproof Phones Best Phones for Couples. Moto X4 (Super Black, 32 GB)(3 GB RAM) 18,999 Go to Store. Motorola Moto X4 (64GB - 4GB RAM). Motorola Moto X4 was launched in 13th November, 2017 in India. The device features advanced dual rear camera system, and is designed with an anodized aluminium frame, wraparound glass design and 3D contoured back. The unremitting speed lets your entire operation intact with greater suave. IP68 rating comes with an assurance of preventing your phone from dust, accidental spills waterproof and even puddles. Intuitive Moto experience allows simple shortcuts, featuring you to use most like turning on camera with a twist of your wrist. The corning gorilla glass, a true warrior keeps your phone away from scratches and damages. Moto X4 is available in Super Black and Sterling Blue colors. Let’s also see some other glaring features.. Be daring enough to flash your beauty with ultra showy. The 5.2(13.20cm) inch display, acts suitably to befit the videos or pics. The screen is of capacitive touchscreen technology, with a screen resolution of FHD 1080*1920 pixels and 424 PPI, giving elegant viewing angle. Thus making your videos coming with superfine views. The LTPS IPS corning gorilla glass prevents your display from scratches or any other kind of damages.. Get the speed you need hours to survive. The mobile runs on octa core qualcomm snapdragon 630, clocked at 2.2GHz. The processor provides with spectacular 4G experience and has been designed perfectly for blazing speed. The 4GB RAM allows you to flip among large number of apps at a time. The 64GB default storage expandable up to 2TB, serves the best storehouse for largest files.. Glam yourself even more, and stands glossy and attractive. Moto X is equipped with 12 + 8 MP dual rear cameras. The 12MP uses dual autofocus pixel technology and 1.4 micrometer pixels to deliver crisp results in any light, while the 8MP gives you a 120 degree field view covering large group. The 16MP front facing features adaptive low light mode, harnessing 2 micrometer pixels that let in 300% more light producing spectacular shots. Give your portrait fun editing with bokeh, that generates stunningly crisp images with blurred background.. The connectivity includes wi fi 802.11 a/ac/b/g/n, dual band, hotspot, v4.2, USB Type-C with A-GPS and GLONASS.. The mobile is powered by 3000 mAh battery, allowing phone to be used for more than 13 hours and 30 minutes. It also provides a fast and safe charging experience.. The phone is equipped with the best of Google’s certified version firmware- Nougat 7.1. The uninterrupted service will make you approach towards the least tiresome experience, while operating the device. Thus enhanced software experiences save your time and makes life easier.. The intelligent and smart fingerprint sensor ensures all photos, files, messages, and documents, accessible only after you touch. This is certainly the safest way to secure your privacy.. The price of Motorola phone in India starts from INR 22,999/-,that comes as the best available amount. The price ideally looks even the lowest, for right investment at the right place.. Expandable storage upto 256GB via microSD card. Moto X4 First Impression: Moto eyes for sub 25K dominance!. Lenovo's Moto mobility is a revenue-generating parallel to the technology brand. Its latest offering is the Moto X4 which comes at a humble price of Rs. 20,999 for 3GB and 32 GB variant and for Rs. 22,999 for 4GB and 64GB .... GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.1 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Hybrid Dual Sim (nano + nano/microSD) ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date August 2017 Indian Release Date 13 November, 2017 BODY Dimensions 148.35 x 73.4 x 7.9 mm Weight 163 g Body Material Metal DISPLAY Screen size 5.2 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa Core 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53 GPU Adreno 508 Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 STORAGE Internal Storage 32 GB Storage RAM 3 GB RAM External Storage Up to 2 TB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 12 MP + 8 MP Dual Camera Front Camera 16 MP Camera with LED Flash Video Recording 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging, 4K video recording MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, AMR, OGG, MID Video Player MP4, WMV, AVI, 3GP, 3G2, M4V, MOV Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5 mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/ac/b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2 USB USB Type-C GPS Facility with A-GPS, GLONASS Browser Yes 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor, Quick Charging, NFC, Waterproof, Dustproof. 3 GB 13MP. 6 GB 12MP. 6 GB 12MP. Motorola Moto X4 (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 12MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;NzY1ODY0fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Moto X4 with 6GB RAM available at Rs 24,999: Will it take on other smartphones with 6GB RAM February 01, 2018. Motorola has added a new variant to the recently announced Moto X4 smartphone line-up. The company has launched the new variant with massive 6GB of RAM to offer a lag free multitasking performance. Moto X4 with 6GB RAM and Android 8.0 Oreo coming to India on February 1 January 24, 2018. The Moto X4 that went official at the IFA 2017 tech show in Berlin in September was launched in India in November last year. Back then, the smartphone was launched in two variants - one with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage. Moto X4 users in India now receiving Android Oreo update December 28, 2017. Motorola is now rolling out Android 8.0 Oreo update to the Moto X4 users in India. As claimed by a user on Twitter, other than the Oreo, the update brings in the December Android security patch as well as some stability. Moto X4 with dual rear cameras goes official in India starting from Rs. 20,999 November 13, 2017. As assured, Motorola has announced the launch of the Moto X4 in India at an event today. Well, the Moto X4 that went official in early September at the IFA 2017 show floor has been launched in India today at a. Motorola Moto X4 (64GB - 4GB RAM). Motorola Moto G5s Plus (64GB - 4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Motorola Moto X4: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto X4 marca el regreso de la serie Moto X que supo devolver a Motorola a los primeros planos. También conocido como Moto X (4th Gen), el Moto X4 cuenta con una pantalla Full HD de 5.2 pulgadas, procesador octa-core Snapdragon 630, 3GB de RAM y 32GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara principal dual de 12 MP + 8 MP, cámara frontal de 16 megapixels con flash LED, lector de huellas dactilares, chasis metálico, resistencia al agua IP68 y Android 7.1 Nougat.. Motorola Moto X4 Características principales. Android 7.1 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto X4. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 8 mm. y un peso de 163 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto X4 tiene una pantalla de 5.2" con una resolución de 1080 x 1920 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto X4 encontramos un procesador Snapdragon 630 2.2GHz, acompañado de 3GB/4GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 32GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto X4 tiene una resolución de Dual, 12MP+8MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 3000 mAh. Pantalla 5.2", 1080 x 1920 pixels Procesador Snapdragon 630 2.2GHz 3GB/4GB RAM. 32GB, microSD Cámara: Dual, 12MP+8MP. OS: Android 7.1 Perfil: 8 mm Peso: 163 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto X4. basado en 1 experiencias. Resistente al agua (IP68) Cámara frontal de alta resolución (16MP) Procesador octa-core 64 bits Cámara dual (12MP+8MP) Muy buena densidad de pixels (424ppi). Motorola Moto X4 características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto X4. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto X4. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE. 148.35 x 73.4 x 8~9.5 mm. LCD IPS LTPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.2 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Certificación IP68: sumergible a 1.5m por 30 min. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 32GB memoria interna, 3GB RAM. - Procesador Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 630 octa-core 2.2GHz, GPU Adreno 508. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS. Dual, (13 MP, f/2.0) + (8 MP, f/2.2), autofoco por detección de fase, flash LED dual, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 2160p@30fps, cámara frontal 16 MP, f/2.0. - Carga rápida de batería TurboPower. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; Wi-Fi Direct; banda dual. - Bluetooth v5.0, A2DP, LE, EDR. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto X4. Hay 5 opiniones del Motorola Moto X4 .. 3 días con moto x4 de batería le doy un 8.5, la cámara más o menos y de memoria interna ahí si que quedaron mal solo 17GB pero en general un buen equipo y bonito. Ojalá algún día aprendas a escribir sin tantas faltas de ortografía.. En ves de mejorar la serie x la malograron con un pesimo snap dragon 625 enves de avansar retroceden k mal ponganle otro nombre no malogren la serie x deve ser superior alos de actual tlefonos decepcion. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto X4 - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 5. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto X4. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto X4. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto X4 a otros usuarios. Motorola lanza una variante del Motorola Moto X4 con 6GB de memoria RAM y Android Oreo. Android 8.0 Oreo llega a los Motorola Moto X4 de Estados Unidos que no estén en el programa Android One. La versión estándar del Motorola Moto X4 también comienza a recibir Android Oreo. La versión inscrita en el programa Android One del Motorola Moto X4 recibe Android 8.0 Oreo. Motorola Moto X4 recibiría muy pronto la versión Oreo 8.0 de Android. Se filtra el logo del Motorola Moto X5 y resultó ser casi idéntico al del Motorola Moto X4. Motorola Moto X4 Android One experimenta algunos inconvenientes que demoran su distribución. Un Motorola Moto X4 Android One podría estarse gestando para el 2017. Motorola Moto X4 es oficial: cámara dual, Alexa y resistencia al agua. Aún sin rastros oficiales del Motorola Moto X4 pero con otra filtración. Más características del Motorola Moto X4 filtradas por accidente. Finalmente, características y un render desnudan al Motorola Moto X4. Motorola Moto X4 está un paso más cerca de lanzarse en Asia. El Motorola Moto X4 tendrá que esperar a contar con su Snapdragon 660 para anunciarse. Motorola Moto X4 podría aparecer el 21 de junio en un evento exclusivo en Brasil. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
The Moto X4 has a dual-lens camera, waterproofing and a tempting price. SHOULD I BUY MOTOROLA MOTO X4?. With a dual-lens camera, glass design and waterproofing the Moto X4 has a lot going for it considering its mid-range price. The Moto X4 has a dual-lens camera, waterproofing and a tempting price. 32GB built-in storage, up to 2TB microSD card slot. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Motorola’s mid-range X series of smartphones is back with the new Moto X4, which follows 2015’s Moto X Play , X Style and X Force line-up. This time, Motorola has opted to go back to just the one model to keep things simpler, and it's certainly a compelling offering with plenty of interesting and impressive features. But it has stiff competition from Honor and OnePlus.. Starting at £349, the Moto X4 firmly sits within the mid-range category , designed for budgets that can stretch beyond the likes of the popular Moto G series , but can’t quite reach the high prices of the flagship Moto Z series .. Motorola’s own website , or from Carphone Warehouse .. For those in the US, the phone costs $399.99 and you can buy it directly from Motorola's online store .. Rivals include the stunning Honor 9, which costs £379 and - to a lesser extent - the OnePlus 5 at £449.. In a bit of a departure from the rest of its phones, Motorola has gone for glass on the front and back (like many of 2017's phones) mated to an anodised aluminium frame. This results in a premium-look and feel that’s lovely at first glance but little too shiny and smudge-prone. It’s available in Sterling Blue or Super Black.. The back is described as a 3D contour, which essentially means that it’s slightly curved to feel comfortable in the hand. That’s aided by its 5.2in screen, which keeps the X4 at a manageable size that’s easy to use single-handedly.. is 7.99mm thick for the most part, aside from the 9.45mm circular portion that houses the camera. While those measurements aren’t particularly outstanding, they’re good for a phone of this price.. From a distance the camera bump does look a little like a snout - it's a good job there isn't a pink option.. Impressively, the X4 has an IP68 water resistance rating, which we tested by dropping the phone into a shallow pool of water and can confirm that it still worked perfectly when we took it back out. That’s actually better than the flagship Z2, which is simply described as “splashproof", and the Honor 9, which isn't waterproof.. Like the Honor 9 you'll find a standard headphone jack alongside a USB-C port on the bottom edge, but the Moto X4 has just one speaker which doubles as the ear piece for phone calls. It's fairly loud, and pretty much on a par with the Honor's single bottom-firing speaker.. The X4’s 5.2in screen is Full HD, which means a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels. During our testing, we found the screen to be bright, colourful and crisp. It’s doesn't live up to the standards of flagships from the likes of Samsung and LG, and its bezels prevent it from being as immersive as an edge-to-edge would, but for the price it’s very good.. In fact, the colours are so bold in vivid mode that you'd be forgiven for thinking it was an OLED panel. In fact, it's a top-tier LCD screen with great viewing angles.. Inside the X4 is arguably its biggest weakness: Qualcomm’s mid-range processor, the Snapdragon 630, paired with 3GB RAM.. In itself, that's a fine combo for a mid-range phone. The problem comes from the competition, namely the Honor 9 which is a lot faster for only £30 more.. You can see the difference in the graphs below. But in the real world, with real use, the phone is suitably speedy, launching and running apps without a problem and allowing us to switch between them without delay.. The worry is that although adequate for now, you'll probably hanker after the Honor 9's extra performance in a year or two's time when the X4 could well feel slower than it does when you get it out of the box.. Storage-wise you get 32GB storage built-in, but there’s support for a microSD card up to 2TB. This fits into the tray above the nano SIM card which can be ejected from the top of the phone.. One of the Moto X4’s key features is its dual camera.. Like the LG G6 and Asus ZenFone 4 it has standard and wide-angle lenses rather than telephoto.. And like the ZenFone, it has 12Mp and 8Mp sensors respectively, so your wide-angle shots aren't going to have as much detail as photos from the main camera.. However, unlike the Asus and LG, the X4 supports depth effect so you can get nice blurry backgrounds for your portrait photos. And there's a handy slider at the bottom so you can adjust how much blur you want.. Dual Autofocus Pixel technology means focusing is quick, and auto HDR is enabled by default. There's a very slight delay after taking some photos for processing, but in most situations there's no perceptible lag.. In good light, the main 12Mp camera takes great photos which look nice and sharp. They're a tad oversharpened, but we'd rather this than be too soft. Colours aren't always the best: they tend to be a little dark and drab but this is all easily sorted in Snapseed or your favourite Android photo editor.. Here's the difference between standard and wide-angle views:. There is noticeable distortion when using the wide-angle camera as you can see in this shot:. With enough natural light, it's perfectly possible to get lovely, sharp shots like this (this was taken with the standard auto mode, not depth effect):. In dim light, there's a bit of noise, but colours and detail are still good:. However, in very low light, the X4 simply can't cope and managed this dismal attempt of our standard low-light scene:. Around the front is a 16Mp front-facing camera for selfies which offers an adaptive low light mode as well as a Panoramic Selfie feature to capture bigger groups or the environment behind you.. In terms of video, it can shoot 4K up to 30fps, and 1080p at 60fps. Unfortunately, like even certain flagship phone (such as the Mate 10 Pro) stabilisation is only possible at 1080p30 or lower. That's frustrating as the stabilisation is pretty good.. But as it's done in software, it seems there's not enough processing grunt to work at higher frame rates or resolutions.. The camera app also includes a 3D. scans an object in front of the camera, attempts to identify it and then give you relevant information. We tried it on an iPhone X and it successfully recognised it and brought up Apple's web page for the phone.. You’ll also find an AR feature for both the rear camera and selfies. It allows you to add animations to photos and videos, like Snapchat, but this isn’t going to appeal to everyone.. The 3000mAh battery is a non-removable and Motorola says it's capable of providing power “all day.” It charges via USB-C and supports TurboPower fast charging with the bundled adapter, which means six hours of power is achievable with just 15 minutes of charging time.. And it certainly does last all day, even with pretty heavy use. Obviously, if you play games for hours on end you'll need that charger before the day is out, but with mixed use you can usually make it through to the following morning.. The Moto X4 runs Android 7.1 Nougat (not Oreo, sadly) out of the box. As with all Moto phones, it's almost plain Android with no annoying overlays or heavily modified menus and settings. Even the icons are the default Android ones.. And, as any Motorola owner will know, you. also get Motorola’s Moto app which includes a variety of features such as Moto Display and Moto Actions. With Moto Display you can get notifications to fade in and out when the screen is off, and the 'one-button nav' feature lets you use taps and swipes on the fingerprint sensor instead of the on-screen nav keys.. There's the usual 'karate chop' to turn on the torch and double-twist to launch the camera.. Moto Key means you can access password-secured websites using your fingerprint rather than having to type your password every time.. Built into the US version of the Moto X4 is Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant, which is a first for Motorola and it can be used hands-free. Google Assistant is still available, so you’ll be able to take your pick. As of yet, there's no support for Alexa in the UK model.. 32GB built-in storage, up to 2TB microSD card slot. Dual-lens 12Mp & 8MP rear camera with Dual-LED flash. 32GB built-in storage, up to 2TB microSD card slot. Dual-lens 12Mp & 8MP rear camera with Dual-LED flash. We’re pleased to see that Motorola has revived the Moto X. For the most part, we like the new glass design and the specs and features are good for the £350 price - it looks like a more expensive phone.. Waterproofing and the dual-lens camera sets this apart from rivals, and we like the 5.2in screen size for comfort and practicality.. It's slower than the Honor 9, and has half the storage as standard, but if you'd prefer the water-resistance over the extra speed, the Moto X4 is. a great choice for anyone that. the hefty price tags of the current flagships.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. Dell XPS 13 9370 (2018) review. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Florian Wimmer ( translated by Sabrina Hartmann), 01/25/2018. Android ARM Smartphone Touchscreen. Alexa, where are you? The Moto X4 is released with a dual camera, IP68 protection, and a stylish design, trying to conquer the midrange market. However, the promised support for Amazon Alexa is not currently available on our test device. Is the Moto X4 still worth buying? Our review will show.. » Multimedia , » Gaming , » Lightweight Gaming » Budget Office , » Business , » Workstations » Subnotebooks , » Ultrabooks , » Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , ». Best Notebooks for University Students ». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series ». » Tablets , » Windows Tablets » Smartphones. Motorola is placed really well within the midrange market: Customers can choose between three whole series of products. Moto E4 Plus , shuffling up the cheap midrange with their good equipment. and the Moto G5s Plus are offering even better cameras and a unibody case and are placed in the price segment between 200 and 300 Euros (~$249 and ~$374). Customers willing to spend even more can now pick the Moto X4, a 5.2-inch smartphone with a dual camera, a midrange SoC and a case made of metal and glass that is protected against dust and water according to IP68. Furthermore, the manufacturer promises comprehensive voice control with as many as three integrated systems. Originally, Motorola set the asking price for this smartphone at 399 Euros (~$497), but by now the manufacturer is offering it for 349 Euros (~$435).. Many competitors can be found in this price range, such as the. Xiaomi Mi 6 , or the. is more expensive, but it is still of interest in a comparison because it uses the same SoC.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Qualcomm Adreno 508. Test device courtesy of Lenovo Deutschland. Download your licensed rating image as PNG / SVG. Moto X4 ( Moto Series ). 5.2 inch 16:9, 1920 x 1080 pixel 424 PPI, capacitive touchscreen, LTPS IPS, Corning Gorilla Glass, glossy: yes. 1 USB 2.0, Audio Connections: 3.5-mm audio port, Card Reader: microSD up to 256 GB, 1 Fingerprint Reader, NFC, Brightness Sensor, Sensors: acceleration sensor, gyroscope, proximity sensor, compass, USB-C, USB-OTG. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (a/b/g/n/ac), Bluetooth 5.0, GSM (850/​900/​1800/​1900), UMTS (850/​900/​1700/​1900/​2100), LTE (B1/​B3/​B4/​B5/​B7/​B8/​B20/​B28/​B38/​B40/​B41), Dual SIM, LTE, GPS. height x width x depth (in mm): 9.5 x 148.4 x 73.4 ( = 0.37 x 5.84 x 2.89 in). Primary Camera: 12 MPix dual camera, phase-detection autofocus, f2.0, 1.4µm, 8MP wide-angle with 120°, f2.2, 1.12µm, dual LED flash Secondary Camera: 16 MPix f2.0, 1µm, LED flash. Speakers: mono speaker aimed to the front, Keyboard: virtual keyboard, quick charger, USB cable, SIM tool, Moto, device assistance, 24 Months Warranty, bandwidth (download/​upload): 400Mbps/​75Mbps (LTE); SAR value: 0.815W/​kg (head), 1.54W/​kg (body); IP68-certified, fanless. 163 g ( = 5.75 oz / 0.36 pounds), Power Supply: 78 g ( = 2.75 oz / 0.17 pounds). Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. The Moto X4 is delivered in plain black or in a somewhat livelier blue, like our test device. While the case frame is made of metal, the front and back are covered with glass. The transition between the different materials is clearly visible and can be felt as well. The smooth back is slightly curved at the sides, which gives the smartphone an elegant look and makes it easy to hold. Fingerprints are an issue, but more so for darker smartphones than for our test device.. This smartphone is very stable: It cannot be twisted, does not creak, and does not let any pressure on the front or back reach the screen. The measurements are mostly identical to those of other 5.2-inch smartphones, such as the. Following the Motorola tradition, it is rather slim, but has a protruding "bull's-eye" housing the camera module. Since the classic 16:9 build has been used, the front features comparatively wide bezels at the top and bottom, offering room for the fingerprint sensor. At 163 grams (~5.7 oz), the Moto X4 is not exactly lightweight for its screen size.. The case is protected against dust and water according to IP68, meaning that it is completely dustproof and can be submerged into water even for longer periods of time without any problems.. Motorola Moto X4 full resolution. Motorola Moto X4 full resolution. Motorola Moto X4 full resolution. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Motorola has equipped the Moto X4 with 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage. A variant with 4 GB/64GB is available on the internet, but those seem to be imported devices. In Central Europe, the Moto X4 is only available as a dual-SIM variant. The storage can be expanded via a microSD card, but a SIM slot has to be sacrificed for this.. A 3.5-mm audio port has been built in despite the presence of a USB-C port, and a fingerprint reader can be found at the front of the case.. bottom: USB-C port, 3.5-mm audio port. Motorola is offering an Android One variant of the Moto X4 in some markets, but for us in Germany, the smartphone will be released with only the regular Motorola operating system. Since Motorola leaves Android in its original form anyway and barely installs any additional apps, the difference in the user interface is hardly noticeable. Android 7.1.1 is pre-installed, the current Android Oreo is supposed to be coming soon. The security patches are from November 1st 2017 and still tolerably up-to-date at the time of testing.. A few apps from the Microsoft ecosystem can be found on this smartphone, which is caused by Microsoft offering discounts on license payments if the manufacturer pre-installs these apps. In addition, there is the Moto app serving as a hub for the smartphone's individual features, such as configuring the Moto Display which shows information even when the screen is turned off. Moto Key is an interesting new feature which unlocks apps and even connected Windows PCs via a fingerprint on the Moto X4.. The Moto X4 supports all current Wi-Fi standards (802.11 a/b/g/n/ac) and is also compatible with Wi-Fi networks using the 5-GHz band. The Wi-Fi module is reasonably fast - only the. was even faster in our comparison with the reference router Linksys EA8500. Close to the router, the connection has a good availability and pages are loading fast. At a distance of ten meters (~33 ft) or through walls, the signal is at half strength while pages are still loading about as fast as they did near the router.. The support for cellular networks is good as well: Eleven different LTE bands should facilitate mobile internet access, at least while traveling through Europe. The maximum download speed is 400 MBit/s. During our practical test within city boundaries in the German D2 network, we had at least half LTE capacity even inside buildings and we had good internet speed.. Networking iperf3 Client (receive) TCP 1 m 4M x10 Xiaomi Mi 6 Adreno 540, 835, 64 GB UFS 2.1 Flash. Motorola Moto X4 Adreno 508, 630, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL Adreno 508, 630, 64 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Mali-T830 MP2, 7870 Octa, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Honor 9 Mali-G71 MP8, Kirin 960, 64 GB eMMC Flash. HTC U11 Life Adreno 508, 630, 32 GB eMMC Flash. iperf3 Client (transmit) TCP 1 m 4M x10 Xiaomi Mi 6 Adreno 540, 835, 64 GB UFS 2.1 Flash. Motorola Moto X4 Adreno 508, 630, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL Adreno 508, 630, 64 GB eMMC Flash. HTC U11 Life Adreno 508, 630, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Mali-T830 MP2, 7870 Octa, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Honor 9 Mali-G71 MP8, Kirin 960, 64 GB eMMC Flash. 574 MBit/s ∼100% +70%. 334 MBit/s ∼58% -1%. 305 MBit/s ∼53% -9%. 283 MBit/s ∼49% -16%. 224 MBit/s ∼39% -34%. 500 MBit/s ∼100% +49%. 329 MBit/s ∼66% -2%. 274 MBit/s ∼55% -18%. 225 MBit/s ∼45% -33%. 140 MBit/s ∼28% -58%. The built-in GPS module could not locate us in the middle of a room, but it reached an acceptable accuracy of eight meters (~26 ft) near a window. When outside, this accuracy rose to a peak value of four meters (~13 ft).. For a better evaluation of the GPS unit's usability in the field, we went on a bicycle ride for which we also brought along a Garmin Edge 500, a professional GPS unit specially designed for cyclists, in addition to the Motorola Moto X4. The distance measured by both devices differs by only ten meters (33 ft), which bodes well for our test device. The Moto X4 is actually slightly more accurate in the area of the houses on the screenshot titled "Path", but slightly less accurate than the professional GPS in the route calculation of the "Loop" screenshot. Overall, it is quite impressive that the GPS unit is roughly on a par with the professional GPS. Since the position finding on Google Maps is very fast and precise as well, we can recommend the Moto X4 for navigational purposes.. GPS Garmin Edge 500 – Overview. GPS Garmin Edge 500 – Path. GPS Garmin Edge 500 – Loop. GPS Motorola Moto X4 – Overview. GPS Motorola Moto X4 – Path. GPS Motorola Moto X4 – Loop. Even if Motorola adjusted the telephone app's icon: This is still the standard Android app, which does not have to be replaced because it works pretty well.. When initiating a call, the conversation partner can be heard very clearly via the earpiece as well as the speakerphone, which can be turned to a rather high volume if desired. The microphone is average, transmitting our voice decently, but not always without ambient noise or distortions.. Even midrange smartphones can barely do without a dual-camera setup nowadays. The Moto X4 is no exception, being equipped with two lenses on the back. One of the cameras is a standard model with 12 megapixels, the other a wide-angle-lens model with a resolution of 8 megapixels. The two lenses are not combined for an optical zoom, but can instead be used separately. In portrait mode, pictures can be created with a blur, but this effect is not produced with the second lens, but rather calculated by the software. Wide-angle photographs have a rather strong fisheye characteristic with the Moto X4, so objects at the edges are distorted, but the camera has a really wide coverage angle.. The camera's software uses an online object recognition and displays search results accordingly. For us, this worked reliably in only one of three cases. Not even the box of the Moto X4 was recognized reliably. Instead, the smartphone identifies it as the box of a. In portrait mode, funny glasses or animal masks can be added to a photographed person via face recognition.. Even the standard lens of the Moto X4 offers a much wider viewing angle than the. seem somewhat more colorful, but the Moto X4 takes very sharp pictures that also have an adequate brightness. However, this applies only for situations with good lighting - in low-light conditions; the competitors' devices capture significantly more light. For someone taking photos only in good lighting, the Moto X4 will yield good results, but other smartphones of the same price segment will take better pictures in low-light situations.. Video recording can be done with either of the two lenses, but only the standard lens supports 4K videos. The lighting in videos is generally good and the colors are strong. The brightness sensor has fast reaction times and adjusts the exposure, and the image noise is acceptable even in dark areas.. The front camera with 8 megapixels takes decent selfies with a good color representation and sharpness.. Scene 1 Scene 2 Scene 3. Choose a scene and navigate within the first image. One click changes the position on touchscreens. One click on the zoomed-in image opens the original in a new window. The first image shows the scaled photograph of the test device.. We took the Moto X4 to our test lab, where the main camera had to prove its worth under pre-determined lighting conditions. The edges of objects tend to contain image noise and color surfaces do not appear to be entirely clean. Sometimes, there is also a slight blurriness when displaying text. The color reproduction is too pale in general and white surfaces have a visible brownish cast.. Target color in the bottom half of each square.. Motorola delivers the smartphone with a quick charger, a USB cable, and a SIM tool. An additional charger is available from Motorola for about 30 Euros (~$37).. The manufacturer offers a warranty of 24 months for their smartphones.. The keyboard app is Google's GBoard, which is pre-installed on all devices with a pure Android. Typing is easy with this app and there are many customization options available. Anyone who would prefer a different keyboard should take a look at the Google Play Store which offers numerous alternatives.. Fingers glide easily on the touchscreen and even the corners are very sensitive. The Moto app enables the user to activate additional commands. For example, the fingerprint sensor can be used instead of the menu buttons on the screen to return to the Home screen, to use the "back" function or to open an overview of apps currently in use. After a short adaptation phase, this works very intuitively and reliably. The fingerprint sensor is also rather fast in its original function and can also wake the device from standby mode.. Several gestures can be activated in the Moto app, for example the camera can be activated by turning the smartphone twice or the screen can be downsized for one-handed operation by swiping to the lower left.. Voice control is a feature that Motorola highlights especially. As many as three systems are used for this: First, an internal system that is able to comprehend easy commands such as "Show me my calendar", but that can also be used for unlocking the device via voice recognition. Second, there is the Google Assistant and third, Amazon Alexa. However, there was one peculiarity with this: The feature that enables the Moto X4 to listen even while in standby was activated, but the Moto Alexa app has to be downloaded via the Play Store. Since it was not available at the time of our testing, we notified the manufacturer about this and we will provide you with a short update about this feature once the app is available again. Generally, the two systems that we could activate worked really well and are not interfering with each other because each of them is using distinct activation words.. The Moto X4 utilizes an IPS screen with Full HD resolution. At an average of 479 cd/m², the 5.2-inch display is not quite as bright as comparison devices and the brightness is also less evenly distributed at 86%. The decrease in brightness towards the lower part of the screen is slightly visible even to the naked eye.. Furthermore, we noticed a flickering of the screen at a high frequency of 2358 Hz at low brightness settings. This is probably caused by the Pulse-Width Modulation, which is used to dim the brightness. Since the frequency is rather high, even sensitive people should not experience any problems.. 498 cd/m² 463 cd/m² 446 cd/m² 504 cd/m² 469 cd/m² 457 cd/m² 517 cd/m² 485 cd/m² 470 cd/m². 86 % Center on Battery: 469. cd/m²) ΔE Color 5.5 | 0.8-23.34 Ø6.4 ΔE Greyscale 6.7 | 0.64-98 Ø6.7 Gamma: 2.1. Motorola Moto X4 LTPS IPS, 1920x1080, 5.2 HTC U11 Life SLCD, 1920x1080, 5.2 Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Super AMOLED, 1280x720, 4.7 Honor 9 IPS/LTPS, 1920x1080, 5.15 Xiaomi Mi 6 IPS, 1920x1080, 5.15 Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL IPS, 1920x1080, 5.5 Screen Brightness middle Brightness Brightness Distribution Black Level * Contrast Colorchecker DeltaE2000 * Colorchecker DeltaE2000 max. * Greyscale DeltaE2000 * Gamma CCT. Screen Flickering / PWM (Pulse-Width Modulation) Screen flickering / PWM detected 2358 Hz ≤. To dim the screen, some notebooks will simply cycle the backlight on and off in rapid succession - a method called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM). This cycling frequency should ideally be undetectable to the human eye. If said frequency is too low, users with sensitive eyes may experience strain or headaches or even notice the flickering altogether.. The display backlight flickers at 2358. Hz (Likely utilizing PWM) Flickering detected at a brightness setting of 3. There should be no flickering or PWM above this brightness setting.. Hz is quite high, so most users sensitive to PWM should not notice any flickering.. % of all tested devices do not use PWM to dim the display. If PWM was detected, an average of 9144 (minimum: 43 - maximum: 142900) Hz was measured.. The black level is decent at 0.37 cd/m² and black areas appear deep and dark. At 1268:1, the contrast is slightly lower than it is for the comparison devices. The smartphone is shipped with two different modes for color accuracy: standard and intense. Our subjective impression was that the colors in both of those modes appeared somewhat too cool on the screen.. We wanted more details and used our spectrophotometer and the CalMAN software to determine with objective measurements how the screen of the Moto X4 displays colors. Both modes showed a significant blue tint on the display, which was even stronger in "intense" mode. To counteract this, users can activate a blue light filter in the Moto app if they wish so. The color space coverage for sRGB is almost complete in both modes, though CalMAN is not able to give us an absolutely exact result. The color accuracy is mediocre in both modes.. Response Time Black to White 28 ms ... rise ↗ and fall ↘ combined ↗ 10.8 ms rise ↘ 17.2 ms fall The screen shows relatively slow response rates in our tests and may be too slow for gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.8 (minimum) to 240 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is similar to the average of all tested devices (26.4 ms). Response Time 50% Grey to 80% Grey 56.4 ms ... rise ↗ and fall ↘ combined ↗ 29.6 ms rise ↘ 26.8 ms fall The screen shows slow response rates in our tests and will be unsatisfactory for gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.9 (minimum) to 636 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is worse than the average of all tested devices (42.2 ms).. Display response times show how fast the screen is able to change from one color to the next. Slow response times can lead to afterimages and can cause moving objects to appear blurry (ghosting). Gamers of fast-paced 3D titles should pay special attention to fast response times.. Outdoors, the Moto X4 is doing well despite the glossy screen, and the ambient light sensor is quick to react. A shift in the brightness is visible to the naked eye when tilting the smartphone to the side. noticeable with the reflex camera that we used to take our viewing angle pictures.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. is a fast midrange SoC with 8 processor cores. In terms of performance, the Moto X4 is on a par with the. Asus ZenFone 4 , both of which use the same SoC as our test device. Honor 9 can score with its fast high-end SoC. places the Moto X4 in the upper midrange for graphics as well.. AnTuTu v6 - Total Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. PCMark for Android Work 2.0 performance score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. Work performance score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. BaseMark OS II Web (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. Graphics (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. Memory (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. System (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. Overall (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. Geekbench 4.1/4.2 Compute RenderScript Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 64 Bit Multi-Core Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 64 Bit Single-Core Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 3DMark 2560x1440 Sling Shot Extreme (ES 3.1) Physics (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 2560x1440 Sling Shot Extreme (ES 3.1) Graphics (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 2560x1440 Sling Shot Extreme (ES 3.1) (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 Physics (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 Graphics (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Physics (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Graphics Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Score (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 1920x1080 T-Rex HD Offscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. T-Rex HD Onscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. GFXBench 3.0 off screen Manhattan Offscreen OGL (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. on screen Manhattan Onscreen OGL (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. GFXBench 3.1 off screen Manhattan ES 3.1 Offscreen (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. on screen Manhattan ES 3.1 Onscreen (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. GFXBench 4.0 off screen Car Chase Offscreen (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. on screen Car Chase Onscreen (sort by value) Motorola Moto X4. Lightmark - 1920x1080 1080p (sort by value) Xiaomi Mi 6. Basemark X 1.1 - High Quality (sort by value) Xiaomi Mi 6. Basemark ES 3.1 / Metal - offscreen Overall Score (sort by value) Xiaomi Mi 6. Epic Citadel - Ultra High Quality (sort by value) Xiaomi Mi 6. AnTuTu v6 | PCMark for Android | BaseMark OS II | Geekbench 4.1/4.2 | 3DMark | GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 | GFXBench 3.0 | GFXBench 3.1 | GFXBench 4.0 | Lightmark | Basemark X 1.1 | Basemark ES 3.1 / Metal | Epic Citadel. 73617 Points ∼32% +5%. 45549 Points ∼20% -35%. 150276 Points ∼66% +113%. 181909 Points ∼80% +158%. 68282 Points ∼30% -3%. 4835 Points ∼47% -1%. 3756 Points ∼36% -23%. 6113 Points ∼59% +25%. 6686 Points ∼65% +37%. 5085 Points ∼49% +4%. 5818 Points ∼68% -2%. 5000 Points ∼58% -16%. 7034 Points ∼82% +19%. 7548 Points ∼88% +28%. 6264 Points ∼73% +6%. 858 Points ∼51% +8%. 666 Points ∼39% -16%. 1069 Points ∼63% +34%. 1263 Points ∼74% +59%. 766 Points ∼45% -4%. 1515 Points ∼16% 0%. 529 Points ∼6% -65%. 4126 Points ∼45% +172%. 6206 Points ∼67% +309%. 1496 Points ∼16% -2%. 838 Points ∼19% -40%. 1296 Points ∼29% -8%. 3258 Points ∼74% +132%. 4054 Points ∼92% +189%. 1380 Points ∼31% -2%. 3215 Points ∼31% -2%. 2185 Points ∼21% -33%. 4154 Points ∼40% +27%. 5857 Points ∼57% +79%. 3319 Points ∼32% +1%. 1368 Points ∼36% -11%. 1000 Points ∼26% -35%. 2779 Points ∼73% +81%. 3694 Points ∼97% +140%. 1513 Points ∼40% -1%. 3956 Points ∼44% +2%. Points ∼0% -100%. 3942 Points ∼44% +1%. 4193 Points ∼17% +2%. 6527 Points ∼26% +59%. 6714 Points ∼27% +63%. 4172 Points ∼17% +1%. 877 Points ∼15% +1%. 1869 Points ∼31% +115%. 1938 Points ∼33% +123%. 865 Points ∼15% -1%. 1779 Points ∼58% -2%. 1670 Points ∼54% -8%. 2287 Points ∼74% +26%. 3007 Points ∼98% +66%. 1751 Points ∼57% -3%. 729 Points ∼14% +1%. 253 Points ∼5% -65%. 2798 Points ∼52% +286%. 4072 Points ∼76% +462%. 726 Points ∼13% 0%. 839 Points ∼22% 0%. 312 Points ∼8% -63%. 2666 Points ∼69% +219%. 3775 Points ∼97% +352%. 835 Points ∼21% 0%. 1711 Points ∼56% -6%. 1699 Points ∼55% -6%. 1809 Points ∼59% 0%. 2921 Points ∼95% +61%. 1785 Points ∼58% -2%. 1257 Points ∼16% 0%. 407 Points ∼5% -68%. 2990 Points ∼39% +137%. 6231 Points ∼81% +395%. 1289 Points ∼17% +2%. 1336 Points ∼27% -1%. 490 Points ∼10% -64%. 2611 Points ∼52% +93%. 4978 Points ∼100% +268%. 1374 Points ∼28% +2%. 12919 Points ∼18% 0%. 12954 Points ∼18% +1%. 15150 Points ∼21% +18%. 20330 Points ∼28% +58%. 13014 Points ∼18% +1%. 18469 Points ∼4% +1%. 7793 Points ∼2% -58%. 38979 Points ∼8% +112%. 58228 Points ∼12% +217%. 18386 Points ∼4% 0%. 16859 Points ∼8% +1%. 8550 Points ∼4% -49%. 28883 Points ∼14% +72%. 41172 Points ∼21% +146%. 16841 Points ∼8% 0%. 30 fps ∼2% 0%. 12 fps ∼1% -60%. 60 fps ∼4% +100%. 119 fps ∼9% +297%. 30 fps ∼2% 0%. 29 fps ∼6% -6%. 19 fps ∼4% -39%. 55 fps ∼12% +77%. 60 fps ∼13% +94%. 29 fps ∼6% -6%. 14 fps ∼3% 0%. 5 fps ∼1% -64%. 30 fps ∼6% +114%. 63 fps ∼12% +350%. 14 fps ∼3% 0%. 14 fps ∼4% -7%. 9.8 fps ∼3% -35%. 28 fps ∼8% +87%. 56 fps ∼15% +273%. 14 fps ∼4% -7%. 9.7 fps ∼2% +1%. 3.2 fps ∼1% -67%. 22 fps ∼5% +129%. 43 fps ∼10% +348%. 9.7 fps ∼2% +1%. 9.8 fps ∼6% -11%. 7.3 fps ∼4% -34%. 22 fps ∼13% +100%. 42 fps ∼24% +282%. 9.5 fps ∼5% -14%. 5.5 fps ∼2% +4%. 1.9 fps ∼1% -64%. 15 fps ∼4% +183%. 26 fps ∼7% +391%. 5.3 fps ∼2% 0%. 5.4 fps ∼0% -5%. 3.9 fps ∼0% -32%. 16 fps ∼0% +181%. 26 fps ∼1% +356%. 5.3 fps ∼0% -7%. Motorola Moto X4 Qualcomm Snapdragon 630, Qualcomm Adreno 508, 32 GB eMMC Flash. HTC U11 Life Qualcomm Snapdragon 630, Qualcomm Adreno 508, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Samsung Exynos 7870 Octa, ARM Mali-T830 MP2, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Honor 9 HiSilicon Kirin 960, ARM Mali-G71 MP8, 64 GB eMMC Flash. Xiaomi Mi 6 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 (8998), Qualcomm Adreno 540, 64 GB UFS 2.1 Flash. Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL Qualcomm Snapdragon 630, Qualcomm Adreno 508, 64 GB eMMC Flash. The Moto X4 has consistently been slightly faster than, for example, the. The differences were not huge, but still noticeable. Websites load at an average speed on the Moto X4, complex HTML5 sites such as. load pretty fast and show only the occasional, minimal stutter.. JetStream 1.1 - 1.1 Total Score Xiaomi Mi 6 (Chrome Version 58). Motorola Moto X4 (Chrome 63). HTC U11 Life (Chrome 63). Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL (Chrome 62). Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 (Chrome 56.0.2924.87). Octane V2 - Total Score Xiaomi Mi 6 (Chrome Version 58). Motorola Moto X4 (Chrome 63). HTC U11 Life (Chrome 63). Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL (Chrome 62). Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 (Chrome 56.0.2924.87). Mozilla Kraken 1.1 - Total Score Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 (Chrome 56.0.2924.87). HTC U11 Life (Chrome 63). Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL (Chrome 62). Motorola Moto X4 (Chrome 63). Xiaomi Mi 6 (Chrome Version 58). WebXPRT 2015 - Overall Score Honor 9 (Chrome 59). HTC U11 Life (Chrome 63). Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL (Chrome 62). Motorola Moto X4 (Chrome 63). Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 (Chrome 56.0.2924.87). JetStream 1.1 | Octane V2 | Mozilla Kraken 1.1 | WebXPRT 2015. 70.453 Points ∼100% +129%. 58.6 Points ∼83% +90%. 28.993 Points ∼41% -6%. 28.09 Points ∼40% -9%. 23.281 Points ∼33% -24%. 11909 Points ∼100% +136%. 10208 Points ∼86% +102%. 4893 Points ∼41% -3%. 4398 Points ∼37% -13%. 3799 Points ∼32% -25%. 9669.2 ms * ∼100% -15%. 9493 ms * ∼98% -13%. 9425 ms * ∼97% -12%. 8396 ms * ∼87%. 3149 ms * ∼33% +62%. 2667.5 ms * ∼28% +68%. 107 Points ∼100% +24%. 100 Points ∼93% +16%. 95 Points ∼89% +10%. 64 Points ∼60% -26%. Accessing our reference storage card, a Toshiba Exceria M501, works rather fast. Honor 9 drops behind the other comparison devices here and the. Reading from and writing to the Moto X4's internal storage is quick as well, but the. Mi 6 takes a clear lead here with its fast UFS 2.1 storage.. Motorola Moto X4 HTC U11 Life Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Honor 9 Xiaomi Mi 6 Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL AndroBench 3-5 Sequential Write 256KB SDCard Sequential Read 256KB SDCard Random Write 4KB Random Read 4KB Sequential Write 256KB Sequential Read 256KB. Every game we tested ran smoothly in the screen's native resolution. When playing “ Asphalt 8 ”, even high details were no problem for the Motorola Moto X4. There were no issues with simpler games such as “ Angry Birds ” either.. Controlling the games via position sensor and touchscreen always worked precisely during our tests.. in comparison Lenovo B (min). 435, Adreno 505 Motorola Moto X4. 835, Adreno 540 Asus ZenFone AR ZS571KL. in comparison Motorola Moto X Play (min). Kirin 970, Mali-G72 MP12 HTC U11 Life. 630, Adreno 508 Motorola Moto X4. 630, Adreno 508 Honor View 10. Kirin 970, Mali-G72 MP12 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Duos. Motorola Moto Z2 Force (max). The area of the ear piece, of all places, is where the case warms up the most. At 36.3 °C (~97 °F), the temperature is fortunately not too high even after a prolonged period of load, so that the smartphone can still be placed near one's ear for a call or be carried around in one's pants pocket. The rest of the case hardly heats up and the differences to idle mode were only small.. Hence, it is no surprise that we barely saw any fluctuations of the frame rate during our GFXBench battery test. Other than one lapse at the start, the performance remains high, even under a prolonged load.. 35.3 °C 31.3 °C 29.8 °C. 36.3 °C 31.1 °C 28.8 °C. 33.6 °C 30 °C 27.9 °C. Maximum: 36.3 °C Average: 31.6 °C. 28.2 °C 30 °C 29.7 °C 27.3 °C 29.4 °C 29.4 °C 27.2 °C 28.7 °C 28.3 °C. Maximum: 30 °C Average: 28.7 °C. 31.1 °C 26.8 °C 26 °C. 34.8 °C 26.2 °C 25.6 °C. 33.5 °C 27.4 °C 25.1 °C. Maximum: 34.8 °C Average: 28.5 °C. 25.8 °C 26.2 °C 26.3 °C 25.7 °C 25.8 °C 26.2 °C 25.6 °C 27.5 °C 26.7 °C. Maximum: 27.5 °C Average: 26.2 °C. The small front pointing speaker offers a relatively balanced sound which can be turned to a rather high volume on demand. Since the low mids are pretty strong while the highs are attenuated slightly, the sound overall is a much more pleasant experience than with the. HTC U11 Life , for instance. Even when connecting a Bluetooth device or a headphone via the 3.5-mm audio port, the sound output is very clear.. Motorola has added a bonus feature named "wireless audio system". This feature enables the user to connect to multiple Bluetooth devices simultaneously, even if they are located in different rooms. However, this feature deactivates any existing connections to other Bluetooth devices, such as a connected smartwatch. It is even possible to connect several speakers into a sound system. Additional features such as the ability to control the smartphone via the buttons of connected devices are announced to be delivered in a later update.. 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 Deep Bass Middle Bass High Bass Lower Range Mids Higher Mids Lower Highs Mid Highs Upper Highs Super Highs 20 35.2 41.6 25 32.9 40 31 37.2 39.4 40 31.7 34.9 50 39.6 41.5 63 28.3 31.2 80 27.3 33.9 100 26.9 29.4 125 26.7 35.5 160 24 43.1 200 20.9 48.9 250 20.9 54.6 315 19.5 58.4 400 18.5 64.4 500 17.5 68.1 630 17.5 67.7 800 15.7 68.9 1000 15.8 70.4 1250 16.6 71.8 1600 15.8 72.4 2000 15.4 72.1 2500 15.5 76.5 3150 16 77.8 4000 15.8 72.3 5000 16 73.5 6300 16.3 70.4 8000 16.3 76.9 10000 16.2 77 12500 16.4 74.8 16000 16.4 67 SPL 28.6 85.9 N 1.1 65 median 16.4 Motorola Moto X4 median 70.4 Delta 2.1 7.4 35.2 45.1 32.9 41.1 37.2 38.9 31.7 36.6 39.6 42.7 28.3 34 27.3 30 26.9 30.2 26.7 36.3 24 41.7 20.9 46.5 20.9 50.6 19.5 51.7 18.5 57.5 17.5 56.9 17.5 56.6 15.7 60.9 15.8 70.3 16.6 75.7 15.8 78.5 15.4 79.6 15.5 81.2 16 79.4 15.8 78 16 74.4 16.3 77.3 16.3 81.3 16.2 83.8 16.4 68.3 16.4 55.3 28.6 90.2 1.1 76 median 16.4 HTC U11 Life median 68.3 2.1 13.4 hearing range hide median show median Pink Noise. (+) | speakers can play relatively loud (85.9 dB) Bass 100 - 315 Hz (-) | nearly no bass - on average 25.4% lower than median (±) | linearity of bass is average (10.4% delta to prev. frequency) Mids 400 - 2000 Hz (+) | balanced mids - only 2.2% away from median (+) | mids are linear (3.5% delta to prev. frequency) Highs 2 - 16 kHz (+) | balanced highs - only 4.5% away from median (+) | highs are linear (5.8% delta to prev. frequency) Overall 100 - 16.000 Hz (±) | linearity of overall sound is average (16.9% difference to median) Compared to same class » 2% of all tested devices in this class were better, 2% similar, 96% worse » The best had a delta of 14%, average was 26%, worst was 44% Compared to all devices tested » 25% of all tested devices were better, 7% similar, 68% worse » The best had a delta of 3%, average was 21%, worst was 53%. (+) | speakers can play relatively loud (90.2 dB) Bass 100 - 315 Hz (-) | nearly no bass - on average 25.5% lower than median (±) | linearity of bass is average (7% delta to prev. frequency) Mids 400 - 2000 Hz (±) | reduced mids - on average 9% lower than median (±) | linearity of mids is average (7.1% delta to prev. frequency) Highs 2 - 16 kHz (±) | higher highs - on average 11% higher than median (+) | highs are linear (4.9% delta to prev. frequency) Overall 100 - 16.000 Hz (±) | linearity of overall sound is average (26.4% difference to median) Compared to same class » 58% of all tested devices in this class were better, 8% similar, 34% worse » The best had a delta of 14%, average was 26%, worst was 44% Compared to all devices tested » 76% of all tested devices were better, 5% similar, 19% worse » The best had a delta of 3%, average was 21%, worst was 53%. The Motorola X4 can be classed as an energy-efficient smartphone, even though Samsung demonstrates again how to do it even better. While idling, our test device's power consumption is very low. Under load, it scores a third place behind the. HTC U11 Life and the. Another plus is the rather low power consumption while turned off or while in standby.. Off / Standby 0.04 / 0.17 Watt Idle 0.65 / 1.51 / 1.57 Watt. mAh Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 2350. mAh Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL 3300. mAh Power Consumption Idle Minimum * Idle Average * Idle Maximum * Load Average * Load Maximum *. At 3000 mAh, the battery is of average size and the runtimes during our battery tests were average as well: The smartphone lasted roughly 11 hours in our Wi-Fi battery test. This is significantly longer than the Honor 9 or the. Asus ZenFone 4 , but also more than an hour less than the HTC U11 Life. As far as our first experiences go, this smartphone easily lasts throughout a workday. If it is used sparingly, it might even suffice to recharge it only every other day.. Using the fast charging technology TurboCharge and the included charger, recharging takes approximately 1:30 hours.. Idle (without WLAN, min brightness) 27h. NBC WiFi Websurfing Battery Test 1.3 10h. Big Buck Bunny H.264 1080p 11h. mAh Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 2350. mAh Asus ZenFone 4 ZE554KL 3300. mAh Battery Runtime Reader / Idle H.264 WiFi v1.3 Load. + very stable case. + dedicated 3.5-mm audio port. + fingerprint sensor usable for menu navigation. + multiple voice assistants on demand. + decent voice quality. + sharp camera pictures under good lighting conditions. + hardly warms up. + good battery life. - backside susceptible to dirt. - microphone slightly distorted. - mediocre camera brightness under low-light conditions. - display has a blue tint. Review unit courtesy of Lenovo Germany.. Motorola has introduced a stylish, high-quality midrange smartphone to the market that surprises with several new ideas, as is common for Motorola: It is rather innovative that the user can create a Bluetooth sound system out of several speakers via 5 GHz Wi-Fi and that the user is supported by not one, but multiple voice assistants. However, the promised support for Alexa together with the app that was not pre-installed on our test device caused some confusion.. Fast Wi-Fi, reliable GPS, stable case, easy yet versatile controls, decent camera under good lighting conditions, adequate performance, good speaker, and battery runtimes suitable for everyday use. This is how the pros of this test device could be summarized, while the Moto X4 has only very few real cons: The display has a visible blue tint, the brightness of camera images taken under bad lighting conditions is mediocre and the manufacturer should be embarrassed by the fact that 6 months after the launch of Android Oreo, there are still devices released with the predecessor version.. The Motorola X4 is a good midrange device with numerous pros and several innovative ideas.. We can definitely pronounce a buying recommendation for the Moto X4. Users who use their smartphone to navigate regularly will be particularly happy with this device. Not only this, but also the numerous other pros would probably make Alexa say: "According to notebookcheck.com, the Motorola Moto X4 is a buying recommendation.". Motorola Moto X4 - 2018-01-18 01/18/2018 v6 Florian Wimmer. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Reviews > Motorola Moto X4 Smartphone Review. 
The hottest deals voted on by our community. Selected and verified by our team of deal editors.. These deals are currently popular in the. community based on votes and comments.. Create or Manage Deal Alerts. Never miss out on a great deal again. alerts for your favorite stores, categories, or. products and we'll instantly alert you when a new. The deals and coupons you see on Slickdeals are. Do you have a great deal to share. Never miss out on a great deal again. Set up deal alerts for your favorite stores, categories, or products and we'll instantly alert you when a new deal is posted. Here are a few of our most popular alerts. Create or manage deal alerts from the Deal Alert Management page. Hands-on with Slickdeals: Huawei Mate 10 Pro... Target Coupon Tips: How to Stack Your In-Store... If you're like me, you absolutely.... ClassPass Review – Is It a Deal or Should You... When you work a nine-to-five desk.... How to Get the Best LA Fitness Membership Deals. Search in First Post and Title. See Best Buy's new Digital Weekly Ad here!. Hands-on with Slickdeals: Motorola Moto X4 Review (Android One Version). Hands-on with Slickdeals: Motorola Moto X4 Review (Android One Version). We spent two months with Motorola's new mid-range Moto X4 to find out if it's worth considering as your next smartphone.. Motorola X4 Specs & the Android One Program. Best Features of the Motorola Moto X4. Is the Motorola Moto X4 (Android Version) Right For You?. Slickdeals content may contain references to products from one or more of our affiliate partners. If you make a purchase on their site through a link on Slickdeals, we receive a small commission. This in no way affects our opinions on products or services mentioned in our content.. The legendary Moto X returns to the Motorola family with a bit of an identity crisis — the last two Moto X models offered unique styling options through the Moto Maker system, and were considered near the top of the Motorola line. But with the addition of the Moto Z. models and the removal of styling quirks like wood or leather backing, where does the Moto X4 land?. Does this mid-priced phone offer enough to make it worth considering? I purchased the Moto X4 (Android One version) at launch and after a couple months of use, have enough experience to help you decide if this phone is right for you.. At launch, only the Android One version of the Moto X4 was available through Project Fi , and I'll be reviewing this slightly modified version while explaining the differences from the standard Moto X4. If you prefer, you can now buy. the regular Moto X4 , with the full range of Motorola features, or an. that is cheaper at only $329.99 but includes Amazon ads.. I've been a member of Google's Project Fi wireless service for several years, and up until this new Moto X4 , the only phones that would work with a Project Fi plan were either Nexus or Pixel devices. Motorola and Google decided to launch the Android One program in the United States by offering the budget X4 as an option to its users for a starting price of $399. With the Android One program, Google partners with other phone manufacturers to offer the "purest form of Android" with regular security updates and at least two years of OS upgrades.. Please note: the Moto X4 ( standard version ) and Moto X4 ( Android One version ) are two identical looking, but significantly different phones.. In order to meet the "pure" standards that Google is looking for, a variety of changes were made to the Moto X4 operating system. Namely, several Motorola gestures and options were removed, leaving only Moto Actions and Moto Display remaining. A Tempow Audio Profile (TAP) to control multiple Bluetooth devices was also removed, but more on that later.. Thankfully, the specs of the phone were unchanged and the new Moto X4 includes a mid-level Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor, 3GB of RAM, an extremely clear 5.2-inch 1920 x 1080-pixel screen, and either 32GB or 64GB of internal storage. The phone ships with Android 7.1.1 Nougat, but will be one of the first phones, after the Pixel devices, to get Android 8.0 Oreo. Plus, the Android One program guarantees that it will also receive at least an Android 9.0 update.. After owning the Moto X4 for several months, I have come to really appreciate the dual-camera's quality and features. It is true, low-light photos don't come out great, and the Depth or Portrait mode can be hit-or-miss, but the camera really shines in good lighting and has enough features to stretch your photography skills.. The twist-to-open Moto Action for the camera makes it easy to prepare for a picture on the move or one-handed, while the Depth Editor lets you play with selective focus to create a bokeh effect after you take a photo. The front-facing camera is 16 MP and great for selfies, while the rear cameras are 12 MP and 8 MP.. You can easily switch to the wide-angle 8 MP camera and grab some cool shots when the standard 12 MP may be too focused. The definition in the wide-angle photos is certainly lower, but it comes in handy when trying to capture an entire room or large vehicle. In addition to the hardware features, the Android One Moto X4 also benefits from free lifetime high-resolution backups in Google Photos, similar to the Google Pixel devices.. Replacing the unique wood or leather aspects of the old Moto X is a glass front and back with metal trim. The Moto X4 feels like a flagship in your hand and is noticeably better in person than the more affordable Moto G5 Plus , with its plastic construction. The only downfall with the glass back is the endless amount of smudges from your hands. I ended up buying a phone case as soon as I handled the "slick as ice" finish for the first time.. The fingerprint reader is as fast as the Moto G5 system, and the Moto X4 also adds NFC so that payments through Android Pay are quick and easy. On the bottom of the phone, you will find both a headphone jack (hooray!) and a USB-C port that is sealed enough to qualify the phone as IP68 water resistant.. Motorola's TurboPower charging system can give you approximately six hours of battery life (depending on usage habits) after being plugged in for about 15 minutes, and the battery easily lasts a full day, even with heavy use. Plus, it charges faster and with less heat than the similar fast-charging system in my previous phone, the Nexus 6.. The Moto X4 display is extremely vivid and easy to see in daylight. While the black colors are fairly dark, you may notice the lack of true blacks when using the Moto Display to show notifications on the lock screen or when viewing content in the dark.. While the Moto X4 is only available with 32GB or 64GB of internal storage, it does have an expandable storage slot for a Micro SD card. I picked up a 128GB Micro SD card for $30 thanks to an awesome Black Friday sale found on Slickdeals, and thought all of my storage problems were gone, but I was wrong.. The setting to use a Micro SD card as Adoptable Storage is not compatible with any version of the Moto X4 due to file-based encryption. This means that you cannot install apps on the Micro SD; it can only be used to store media like photos, music, etc. This might not be a problem for many, but keep in mind that my 32GB Moto X4 only had around 19GB of storage available when it arrived with just the Android operating system installed. I personally have about 109 apps installed now, and only 2GB of internal storage remains.. Several features that are included with the standard Moto X4, are not included in the Android One version. The Tempow Audio Profile (TAP) system that helps enhance and control sound levels on multiple Bluetooth audio devices has been pulled. The Android One Moto X4 does include support for Bluetooth 5.0 and the ability to stream to multiple devices, but the included Android OS won't get support for these features until the Oreo update. Speaking of audio, some users may miss the help of an extra vocal assistant. The standard Moto X4 makes use of Amazon's Alexa voice control. However, the Android One edition is a pure-Google experience that leaves the vocal work solely to Google Assistant.. The Moto X4 is becoming quite the deal, as discounts from Project Fi, Republic Wireless, and Amazon have dropped the price closer to $300. There are certainly some flaws in the camera that will have you missing out on shots in low-light or quick snaps on the move, but the camera hardware is solid for this price level and future software improvements could solve many of the existing problems.. Ultimately, the Moto X4 has the look, feel, and features that you'd typically find in a phone two to three times its price. This fact alone makes it easy to forgive its shortcomings for most buyers, including this particular X4 owner.. And right now, you can save $75 on the Android One Moto X4 or save $50 on an unlocked Motorola Moto X4 (standard version, works on. Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, and Google Project Fi).. See more smartphone deals on our Motorola Store Page .. Want to experience the Moto X4 for yourself? Enter to win a brand new Moto X4 (standard version), courtesy Motorola!. Special thanks to Motorola for sponsoring this giveaway!. Nolan is an avid automotive, electronic, and gadget enthusiast. If it has an engine or a processor, he can't keep his hands off it. He was introduced to Windows 3.1 in the early '90s and has been hooked ever since. Deal alerts include "mechanical keyboard," "smart watch," and "bulk candy.". Cricket Wireless: Samsung Galaxy S8 $350 with port-in, new line. APPLE IPHONE 6 OR 6S WITH MFI-CERTIFIED LIGHTNING CABLE AND GENERIC POWER ADAPTER (refurb. UNLOCKED) + $10 GC fs @ ds $159.99. Moto X4 Smartphone (Unlocked) - $299.99 via Motorola.com. TracFone LG Rebel Phone + 1 Yr. Service w/ 1200 Talk/Text/Data $50 + Free Shipping. Straight Talk: 32GB Apple iPhone 6s + 3-Months Prepaid Service (UNL Talk / Text / 2G Data + 10GB LTE Data) $304 + Free S/H. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Our community has rated this post as helpful.. If you agree, why not rep dcmanryan ?. Am I the only one who had no idea Slickdeals reviewed stuff? Regardless, the review was very informative. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. I hope that you keep doing reviews on products. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. Do you happen to know if it supports Verizon's HD Calling/VoIP? I've looked all over, and haven't found a definitive answer. I appreciate any info you have.. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. You had no idea SD shilled for its affiliates?. Am I the only one who had no idea Slickdeals reviewed stuff? Regardless, the review was very informative. This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. I would like to see a comparison of this to the Moto G5 or G5S, and especially the Huawei 7x. All of these can be had for significantly less than the X4, though they also fall short of the top of the line phones.. Amazon Is Raising the Cost of Monthly Prime Memberships by 18 Percent. by Johan Mengesha on Jan 19, 2018. Dell Launches All-New XPS 13 Laptop Ahead of CES 2018. by Andrew Chen on Jan 4, 2018. Get a Head Start on Your New Year's Fitness Resolution with These Deals. by Taryn Ziegler on Nov 28, 2017. Top Motorola Store Coupons & Promo Codes. 25% Off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+. Student Discount: 15% Off Any Customizable Device On Moto Maker. Today's Motorola Coupons, Deals, and Promotions. $100 Microsoft Xbox Gift Card (Email Delivery) $85. Nintendo Switch Console w/ Neon or Gray Joy-Con $280. Sony PlayStation Gold Wireless Headset (2018 Version, Black) $85. Add-On Item: KONG CuteSeas Dog Toy (Large, Seahorse) $4.40. • Student Scholarships & Discounts. Did this coupon work for you?. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / Motorola Moto X4. CPU : Octa-core 2.2 GHz Cortex-A53. OS : Android OS, v7.1 (Nougat). Motorola Moto X4 - Price and Specification. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 148.4 x 73.4 x 8 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB On-The-Go. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
