Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. motorola droid 3 motorola droid 2 global motorola droid x2 motorola droid 2 unlocked motorola droid 4 motorola droid 2 case motorola droid 2 gsm. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola droid 2. Save motorola droid 2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola droid 2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 (32GB) Verizon Straight Talk Net10 Page Plus Tracfone. Motorola Droid X2 MB870-Black(Ve rizon)-CLEAN ESN- GOOD CONDITION-WITH WARRANTY!!. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid MAXX 2 XT1565 4G LTE SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED Black. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 -32GB Black (Verizon) Unlocked Great Condition. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GRAY G380. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) XT1565W #F246. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone A+. Motorola DROID TURBO 2 XT1585 & TURBO XT1254 32GB Verizon/Unlock ed Smartphones. Motorola DROID X2 CDMA 3G 8GB 8MP Android Verizon Smartphone MB870. Motorola - DROID Maxx 2 4G LTE 16GB - Black/Deep Sea Blue Verizon UNLOCKED. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid 2 - 8GB - Winter white (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G371. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB Black (Verizon) ESN Clear Good Condition. Motorola Droid X2 - 8GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone -Fair Condition-FR98 19. 4 new & refurbished from $39.59. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone 32GB Gray. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon +GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone Black. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Leather (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid X2 Verizon Smartphone ~ User Reset. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 r(Verizon)Unlo cked Smartphone Cell Phone 32GB. Motorola Droid 2 Global A956 Replica Dummy Phone / Toy Phone (White) (Bulk Packa. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Unlocked Verizon Smartphone 32GB 21MP Gray. 14 new & refurbished from $89.99. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Smartphone Ballistic Grey/Orange - Verizon. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. MOTOROLA DROID 2 8GB VERIZON BLACKA955-Good Condition-GD71 88. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - Black Soft Grip Smartphone + Otterbox w/Holster. 2 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - 32GB - White Soft Grip (Unlocked) Smartphone. MOTOROLA DROID X2 BLACK (VERIZON)r SMARTPHONE CELL PHONE (PAGE PLUS)MB870 MB-870. 4 new & refurbished from $39.59. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 Verizon 32GB Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 32GB White Soft Grip Verizon Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB Black & Blue Verizon Unlocked Smartphone !! XT1565B. Motorola Droid X2 (Verizon) Clean ESN. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB Verizon Smartphone. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Silver- Black (Verizon) Smartphone Grade C unlocked. 5 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid Droid 2 A955 - 8GB - white (Verizon/page plus ) Smartphone. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Droid 2 A956 - 8GB - Dark Sapphire (Verizon) Smartphone. 1 new & refurbished from $99.99. Motorola Droid 2 Global A956 Verizon Wireless 8GB 3.7" Smartphone. Motorola Droid R2-D2 - 8GB - Black/White (Verizon) Smartphone with Station. 2 new & refurbished from $99.95. Motorola Droid Turbo2 32GB, Soft Black (Certified Refurbished). Motorola Droid Pro - 2GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 1 new & refurbished from $100.00. MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 (32GB) WHITE SMARTPHONE WITH ACCESSORIES VERIZON T1585. Motorola Droid 2 Global and LOTS of Accessories - FALL Madness Sale. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). 5 new & refurbished from $24.95. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585EE 32GB Black! Verizon + GSM Unlocked!. Motorola Droid 2 Global A956 Verizon Wireless 8GB 3.7" Smartphone. Motorola DROID Turbo 2, XT1585 32GB Cell Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 32GB - Metallic Black (Verizon) Unlocked. 5 new & refurbished from $129.96. Motorola Droid 2 A955 Verizon Cell Phone. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Same-Day Shipping! #1 Customer Service 60 Day Warranty!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. USA SELLER– 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED- FAST SHIPPING. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. USA SELLER– 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED- FAST SHIPPING. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Many Custom Colors to Choose. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. Sports Memorabilia, Fan Shop & Sports Cards. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (Verizon Wireless) review:. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (16GB, Black). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (16GB, White). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The water-resistant Motorola Droid Maxx 2 has built-in high-definition audio and video calling, a solid camera and expandable storage.. The Bad The handset has a lot of extra preinstalled apps you can't delete.. The Bottom Line Water resistance and a long-lasting battery make the Motorola Droid Maxx 2 a standout midrange phone, but it's limited only to Verizon customers.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (Verizon Wireless). Is it only available with Verizon? How bad is the bloatware? Are there any software features you consider useful?. How long does the battery really last? Can I remove the battery?. Does it include wireless charging? What about quick charging? What was your call experience on Verizon? How were the network speeds? How is the phone different than the Droid Turbo 2?. It has been an emotional rollercoaster getting to know the Droid Maxx 2. When Motorola first announced it'd be releasing a sequel to its 2013 Droid Maxx , a high-end device known for its enduring battery life, I was excited. And when I took into account the company's emphasis on handset customization, I got even more excited.. But during the first few days when I used it, some of my initial enthusiasm dwindled. First, the phone is essentially the Moto X Play (which is sold in Europe, Latin America, and Canada) dressed up as a Verizon Wireless exclusive. While there's nothing essentially wrong with that, the phone isn't as fast as I expected from the Maxx line, and even though the battery lasts long, it didn't last as long as its predecessor. It also comes with a bunch of apps that I personally wouldn't use, and there's no way to delete them from the device entirely.. Yet (and here's act III of this drama) I couldn't write the phone off altogether. It had one major saving grace that I couldn't deny: its competitive $384 off-contract price tag (you can also buy it for $16 a month for 24 months). I can easily see most devices of this caliber going for about $500 or more unlocked.. With all that in mind, the Droid Maxx 2 is indeed a quality phone worth considering, especially since it's a water-resistant device with a great 21-megapixel camera and a long-lasting (compared to other phones in its price bracket) 3,630mAh battery. Within Verizon's portfolio, the handset stands out as a reliable mid-range offering that comes with more than enough good to outweigh its bad.. Verizon's wallet-friendly Droid Maxx 2 (pictures). Yes, the Droid Maxx 2 is sold exclusively on Verizon Wireless. But you can try to purchase its unlocked, international counterpart, the Moto X. Play, and bring it to a carrier that operates on the GSM standard, which includes AT&T and T-Mobile.. Aside from the handful of signature Motorola features like Moto Display and Moto Voice, the Droid Maxx 2 has a lot of preinstalled apps that take up memory (aka: bloatware). Not all of them can be uninstalled and Verizon included nine of its own preloaded apps. This includes its branded cloud storage, caller ID and navigation apps; a mobile sharing app called Droid Zap; apps to help set up your mobile hotspot and visual voicemail; My Verizon Mobile, which helps you manage your device's data usage and payments; and a security app called VZ Protect. Even the carrier's messenger app, Message+, is the handset's default messaging service, so if you don't want to use it, be sure to change it in Settings.. Then there are the five apps from Amazon, four games (these you can fortunately uninstall), the movie app IMDb, NFL Mobile and Slacker Radio.. Though some users don't mind having extra apps here and there, I personally find that having this much unremovable bloatware annoying. It takes up space in the phone and it's irritating to have to see apps I had no choice in installing appear everyday in my drawer.. It's not all bad news though -- there are a few software features that I actually like. One is the control center widget, a mainstay in Droid devices, that displays the time, weather and battery percentage. It's useful and if you don't like it, you can remove it off the home screen.. The second is the fact that the Droid Maxx 2 is compatible with Verizon's advanced calling and high-definition voice technology for audio and video calls. In addition to having boosting audio quality, you can also start video calls (with another handset that's compatible with the service) without having to install a third-party chat client. Made by Motorola and only available for certain carriers, Loop lets you keep track of your family's whereabouts and activities, all through an attractive user interface.. Built-in video calling (left) and the Loop app from Motorola.. With its promise of a two-day battery life, the phone had no problem surviving the weekend on standby and with mild usage, it can last an entire workday without a charge.. However, when I ran our lab tests for continuous video playback, it didn't last as long as I expected. After two trials, the device took 12 hours and 33 minutes to completely drain. That's notably shorter than the 15 hours and 45 minutes the Moto X Play lasted on average, despite them being practically the same handset with the same 3,630mAh battery.. In addition, the Droid Turbo 2 lasted an average of 13 hours and 28 minutes with its 3,760mAh battery, making both Droids from this year fall behind its predecessors. For example, the original Droid Turbo had a 3,900mAh battery that looped video continuously for 14 hours and 43 minutes, and the Droid Maxx from 2013 had a 3,500mAh battery that lasted 15 hours and 50 minutes before it completely depleted.. That's not to say the phone is a slack altogether. Twelve and a half hours is still an excellent time to clock in, especially for a device of this price bracket. And when it comes to the real-world usage the Droid Maxx 2 will undergo with a regular user, its battery will have no problem enduring throughout the day.. No, it's embedded into the handset, a design that Motorola and many other phone manufacturers have begun to embrace. This helps keep the phone water-resistant as well.. Though it's non-removable, the battery does feature Quick Charge 2.0 technology from Qualcomm.. The Droid Maxx 2's battery does not have wireless charging, but it does features Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 technology, and its stock charger is a specialized Turbo Charger from Motorola. Together, it means the device charges very quickly -- about 25 percent in 20 minutes and 100 percent in two hours from what I've observed).. In general, call quality was good. I tested it in our San Francisco offices by calling a landline and my partner was clear and easy to understand. I also didn't pick up any extraneous buzzing or noise. Speaker quality was great as well; even though the sound quality thinned out a bit, volume range was appropriately loud. And while my partner did mention that voice sounded a little static-y at times, I didn't hear notable static coming in from the other line.. Data speeds on Verizon's 4G LTE network were unusually slow. For example, the average download and upload rate, according to Ookla's speed test, was 3.26 and 3.92Mbps, respectively. Loading the CNET mobile site took 13 seconds and the full desktop version loaded in 21 seconds. Download and installing the 44.54MB game Temple Run 2 took 2 minutes and 44 seconds and downloading the 1.7GB movie "Gravity" in high-definition took an hour and 5 minutes.. As always with data tests, speeds differ widely depending on several factors such as location and time of day. What I observed here is just a minuscule sample and may not be what you experience in your location.. The Droid Turbo 2 is the higher-end device. It's more expensive at $624, has a slightly smaller 5.4-inch display but a higher 2,560x1,440-pixel resolution. It also has a shatterproof screen, a bigger 3,760mAh battery, more internal memory (64GB) and more expandable memory (up to 2TB) too.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (Verizon.... Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700), 20(800). HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 148 x 75 x 10.9 mm (5.83 x 2.95 x 0.43 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 82.6 cm 2 (~74.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~403 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 21 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - user opinions and reviews. It used to be simple to switch from SMS to MISS. Now they look exactly the same! How do I fix this, or understand it?? Please help. Finally i got nougat update on my driod maxx2. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola DROID Maxx Motorola Moto E4. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Motorola Droid Maxx 2. All Listings - Current page. results for Motorola Droid Maxx 2. Save Motorola Droid Maxx 2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Motorola Droid Maxx 2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Droid MAXX 2 XT1565 4G LTE SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED Black. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) XT1565W #F246. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB Black & Blue Verizon Unlocked Smartphone !! XT1565B. Motorola Droid MAXX 2 XT1565B 16GB 4G LTE Verizon Wireless Blue SHIPS FREE!. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB (XT1565) Verizon Wireless Blue and White Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) XT1565W #F246. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola - DROID Maxx 2 4G LTE 16GB - Black/Deep Sea Blue Verizon UNLOCKED. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black with Deep Sea Blue - Verizon. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone-Goo d Condition-GD97 40. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black with Blue (Verizon) Good Cond!. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone Great!. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (MOTXT1565) - 16GB - White - Unlocked. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Blue (Verizon) Smartphone XT1565 Android (#26D). 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB XT1565 Verizon Wireless Blue White Android Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Verizon CDMA / Unlocked GSM 4G LTE. OEM Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 Sim Card Tray-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 II XT1565 r(Verizon) GSM Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. OEM Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 Ear Speaker Flex-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 II XT1565 c(Verizon) GSM Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - White with Winter White (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Unlocked Smartphone-BLU E. OEM Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 Loud Speaker-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Moto X Play Screen Protector Pack OMOTON Tempered... Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Screen Protector, [2-Pack] OMOTON Tempere... Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 (Verizon) 16GB White & Blue *Great Condition*. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - White on White (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 32GB Blue(Verizon)E SN Clear Very Good Condition-(VG5 96). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black with Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) Smartphone (XT. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Verizon 4G Android Smart Cellular Phone. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565B - 16GB Black / Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) *READ DESCR. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black with Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) Smartphone. MOTOROLA DROID MAXX 2 XT1565, BROKEN GLASS, FAIR CONDITION, CLEAN ESN A5-2. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 - 16GB Winter White (Verizon) *VERY GOOD *FAST SHIP. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Unlocked Smartphone-Whi te-Great. MOTOROLA DROID MAXX XT1080, BROKEN GLASS, CLEAN ESN, A20-2. Hot Pink Zebra Print Phone Case For Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX XT913 Hard Cover. For Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Maxx XT1080M Dual Bumper Stand Case Baseball. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Unlocked Smartphone-Blu e-Good. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone Bad IMEI / ESN. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) (XT1565) 8/10. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - White (Verizon) Smartphone Bad IMEI / ESN. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB Blue Verizon-Very Good Condition-VG23 04. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black with Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black (Verizon) 4G LTE! Great!. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565B - 16GB Black / Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) *VERY GOOD. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Verizon 4G Android Smart Cellular Phone. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565B - 16GB Black / Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) *MINT *FAST. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565B - 16GB Black / Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) *EXCELLENT. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 - 16GB Winter White (Verizon) *MINT *FAST FREE SHIP. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565B - 16GB Black / Deep Sea Blue (Verizon)*BROK EN*READ. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Flowers On White Black Cover For Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX XT913 Case Accessory. For Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Maxx XT1080M Dual Bumper Stand Case Fishing. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Top US Seller - 60 Day Warranty - Ships Free!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Select YOur Color~Free USA Ship. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Select YOur Color~Free USA Ship. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Amazing battery helps to make this a mid-grade phone worth checking out. Motorola's Droid Maxx 2 is a solid mid-range offering, available only through Verizon in the US. You can pick it up for $384 which is pretty solid price point for a well designed phone that feels solid and sturdy in your hand with bright colors on the screen and fantastic battery life. There are some down sides that come with that price point though and that includes a camera that is a little wonky in low light and some multitasking issues during use.. Textured feel that makes it easy to hold on to. Only 16 GB of internal storage is a bit lacking. Issues with multi tasking due to processor size. Surfing the internet or listening to music can tank your battery. 4x1.6GHz A53 cores + 4x1.1GHz A53 cores. I (Jen Karner) have been using the Droid Maxx 2 for the last week and a half on the Verizon LTE Network in Halethorpe Md. It was used in various parts of Maryland, with mostly good coverage overall — although there were some areas without fantastic coverage. I was using the black 16GB Maxx 2 running Android 5.1.1 Lollipop on Build LCD23.118-21.2.. A Sony Smartwatch 3 was paired with the phone during the review period.. The Droid Maxx 2 is a fairly large phone in your hand — or at least it was in my hand anyway. The textured backplate ensures you're never nervous about accidentally dropping it. While it is plastic phone it's got heft, and never felt cheap in my hand. It's a solid overall feel, which is what we've come to expect from Motorola's design language recently.. This rectangular 5.5 inch slab is packing a 1080p display that takes up the entire front of the phone with the exception of the two small speaker cutouts. The sides of the phone are made of aluminum and really contrasts well against the back pop out back panel. While Moto Maker isn't available for this phone you can get it in an array of replaceable backplate colors to suit your mood. The only reason to remove the backplate it is if you're switching out covers, since underneath it is the massive 3,630 mAh sealed battery. Set into the middle of the back is a small metal panel with the camera, and flash, along with a depressed area that makes the perfect fingerhold. The branding is pretty minimal here as well with a small Motorola logo in the camera back panel, along with some Verizon and Droid branding at the bottom of the casing.. The power button is also textured which means it's nearly impossible to hit the wrong button.. The power button and volume rocker are both located on the right of the phone, with the power button up top. They're both fairly discrete and don't stick out too much. The power button is also textured which means it's nearly impossible to accidentally hit the wrong button. The charging port is on the bottom of the phone, right in the middle. The top of the phone gives you access to your headphone jack, along with a tray for your Nano-SIM and SD card. It's got a very sleek, shiny look that pairs well with the soft touch back panel.. The display is where you're going to be spending most of your time, and it does it's job fairly well. Motorola went with a 1080p resolution on a 5.5 inch screen it looks pretty fantastic considering this is a mid-range phone that's only $384. The screen is washed out but visible when it's super bright outside, and the colors indoors are vibrant without being over saturated. The only real breaks in the screen come from the two small cutouts one at the top of the screen, and one at the bottom. While it looks like a double speaker grill, only one is hiding a speaker for music although it definitely gets the job done well.. The processor in the Droid Maxx 2 is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 615, and sadly this is one of those places where the Maxx 2 falls a bit short. The phone will start to heat up on you if you're surfing the internet or playing music for more than half an hour, and while it never got hot it was definitely noticeable. The 16GB of internal memory started to get crowded fairly quickly as well. Between the installed apps keep running regularly and a few days of taking pictures and shooting video, this phone was down to only 2GB of free space after only a week. So it isn't an immediate problem but it would certainly become one for folks using this for two years. Thankfully there is the ability to add an SD card to expand storage and make things easier.. There are some perks with this phone too though, and one of the big ones is the 3,630 mAh battery. I'll talk about it in greater detail down below, but rest assured that this beast of a battery will get you some great, long term battery life. It's a big battery too, and not just in terms of power. If you take a look under the pop off back panel, you'll see that it's a little over half the size of the phone. It also helps to explain some of the heft you feel when holding the Maxx 2.. A beautiful blend of Google and Moto. The Droid Maxx 2 is running Android 5.1.1 Lollipop for now, though Motorola is hoping to roll out an update to Android 6.0 Marshmallow sometime in the not too distant future. Motorola did a really great job of giving you access to their Moto apps without loading your phone down with bloatware out of the box and it's a great experience. If you've been using Motorola phones recently it's all fairly recognizable, with the Google suite emphasized by Moto apps like Moto Loop , and Moto Voice.. The setup is clean and easy to navigate even if you haven't been using a Motorola phone, which was the case with me. Moto voice, which allows you to name your phone and wake it using a specific command worked fantastically. You need to be in a fairly quiet area to set it up, so that the app can properly recognize your voice but after that it works really well. You can launch apps, text contacts, or search the internet. Again, it doesn't always respond if the room is noisy, but so long as it recognizes your phrase, it will wake up even if the screen is dark.. The setup is clean and easy to navigate. The notification system for Moto Display is also quite well designed. If your phone is sleeping when you get a notification, an icon will show up on your screen. If you tap and hold you can preview the notification without fully unlocking your phone. Alternately if you want to look at the app, you can launch it right from your sleep screen. It's really well done, and once you get used to it, really convenient. Other Moto apps worth mentioning include Moto Loop which lets you easily control your devices — and keep an eye on your family from a central hub, along with Moto Assist which minimizes distractions while you are driving, and Moto Actions which lets you use actions — like launching your camera by flipping your wrist. All of these work in tandem with the Google suite without overpowering things and it makes for a fantastic user experience.. The processor is where the user experience took a hit, sad to say. It's a solid Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 but at times didn't seem able to keep up with everything —It was prone to auto closing apps when it felt like too many things were running at the same time which could be aggravating, or having serious enough lag in open apps that I closed everything and tried again. It was unfortunate to see the processor lag when doing things like surfing Facebook, or listening to music on Pandora but it was definitely noticeable at times. This still wasn't a deal breaker, but it wasn't ideal by a long shot.. Let's face it, when it comes to features on your phone one of the biggest draws is a decent camera. We've all gotten used to being able to capture a moment, or grab video of it, and we all love selfies — okay, I love selfies, but still. The camera on the Droid Maxx 2 is a pretty solid one too, although the quality did suffer in lower light. This isn't a blow you out of the water amazing camera, but it isn't a dud either.. The rear facing camera is a 21MP, with a f/2.0 lens, phase-detect auto focus, and a dual LED flash. The front facing camera is a 5MP and does well for all of your selfie needs. When you're shooting in decent light, you can expect to snag some beautiful pictures. You'll get clear photos, with vibrant color. However the quality there seriously suffers in lower light, and you'll notice they tend towards graininess. You can counteract this a little bit when it's dark outside by using night mode in the camera options, but even that only helps so much — and won't do you much good if you're trying to take pictures in a dim room.. The options for the camera are fairly straight forward. You can access them by swiping to the right and all of your options are there on a wheel. These include options for HDR, flash, night mode, location tagging, and the like. There aren't any fancy new features here, but you will find all the regular bells and whistles and they all serve you well. The video records at 1080p regularly, but that will drop to 540p if you want to record in slow motion.. The camera here is decent without going above and beyond, into capturing images like you can get from the Galaxy S6 and honestly that's to be expected from a phone in this price range. While it would be nice to have a camera more capable in low light, it's not surprising and the quality you do get is great in daylight. It's nice to see that there was definitely some though put into the camera, even in a mid-grade model.. When it comes to battery life the general consensus is that a bigger battery is better, right? Well if that's the case then the Maxx 2 is fantastic, with a massive 3,630 Mah battery. Even on days with heavy usage — days where I'm regularly checking Facebook , using Pandora , taking pictures, and surfing the web, I could easily expect to get through the day without a top off charge. Most days I could get somewhere between a day and a day and a half of usage before it became critical that I plugged in to charge up.. It's not removable but this monster of a battery will definitely go the distance in making sure you have the power you need to get through even heavy use days. If you it's a normal use day, and you aren't continuously scrolling through something or another, you can easily get a day and half before you really need to charge. Most days I plugged in before bed with about 30% battery remaining but it does drain faster when you're using the apps that heat the phone up; like listening to music, or using the GPS for extended periods of time.. Even on a day with heavy use I could get a solid 16 hours of intermittent use before I needed to plug in, or lose power.. That means charging your phone won't take long. When it does come time to charge, you've got access to Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0. That means that charging up your phone won't take long, and since it's huge it'll keep you going for at least a day with a full battery. Although be warned, certain apps or extended web surfing will take a hefty chunk out of that battery. Even so you can easily get by with charging while you sleep.. Droid Maxx 2 Bottom line. Should you buy the Droid Maxx 2? Maybe. If you're looking for a decent mid-grade phone, then you should certainly take a look at the Droid Maxx 2. It's got a solid camera with fantastic battery life and a great display — for this price range. The processor isn't fantastic, but it gets the job done more or less. For $384 it's a decent phone, without really wowing me. It's also worth noting that the design is implemented well, and that even with a plastic body it feels solid in your hand.. This is a tough market niche right now though, with contenders like the Moto X , Asus Zenfone 2 and Nexus 5X. With so man fantastic phones, it really comes down to choosing the features that matter most to you, and the top feature for the Maxx 2 is definitely the battery.. Only if you're prepared to choose fantastic battery life as the feature you need. While this phone is fairly affordable, you do lose out on features that decide how you use your phone. If you're willing to trade processor ability, and storage for battery life then this might be a decent phone. This isn't a bad phone by a long shot and so long as you know what you're getting into, it works quite well. With so many options for a mid-range phone I'd definitely suggest looking at all of your options before settling on the Droid Maxx 2.. Buy the Droid Maxx 2 from Verizon. Buy the Droid Maxx 2 from Motorola. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (80). Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. The Motorola Droid MAXX 2 sports a 64-bit, 1.7 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 – a midrange SoC, which we've found to be quite adequate in our experience. The phone is equipped with 2 GB of RAM and comes with 16 GB of internal storage, expandable via microSD of up to 128 GB. The display has a 5.5” diagonal with a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The battery that keeps the lights on has an impressive capacity of 3,630 mAh and Motorola promises up to 48 hours of “mixed usage”, and turbo charging, which should provide 8 hours of use for 15 minutes of charge time. The main camera rocks a 21 MP sensor with F2.0 aperture and a dual-tone LED flash, while the frontal cam has a 5 MP sensor. Motorola's UI philosophy is along the lines of “the lighter – the better”. The midranger comes with Android 5.1.1 installed out-of-the-box and offers it in its vanilla form.. Motorola DROID MAXX 2 Review Motorola DROID MAXX 2 manual Motorola DROID MAXX 2 benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.83 x 2.95 x 0.43 inches (148 x 75 x 10.9). Weight: 5.96 oz (169 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode, Effects. Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1700 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13, 20. Data: LTE Cat 3 (100/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 27 Oct 2015. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 384. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola DROID MAXX 2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Blast from the past: Verizon rolls out Android 7.0 Nougat for Motorola DROID MAXX 2. Motorola DROID MAXX 2 is updated by Verizon to Android 6.0. Motorola DROID Ultra, Maxx, Mini won't get updated to Lollipop; discounts offered instead. 6 of the best Motorola DROID MAXX 2 cases currently available. You can now buy a Motorola Droid Turbo 2 or Droid Maxx 2 and get 50% off a second smartphone. Best 2015 smartphones that run stock or near-stock Android. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola DROID MAXX 2 Manual / User Guide. This is the official Motorola DROID MAXX 2 User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see our Specs page.. Please enter the Captcha on the left and click. You must click on the checkbox above, before proceeding.. The Motorola Droid MAXX 2 sports a 64-bit, 1.7 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 – a midrange SoC, which we've found to be quite adequate in our experience. The phone is equipped with 2 GB of RAM and comes with 16 GB of internal storage, expandable via microSD of up to 128 GB. The display has a 5.5” diagonal with a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The battery that keeps the lights on has an impressive capacity of 3,630 mAh and Motorola promises up to 48 hours of “mixed usage”, and turbo charging, which should provide 8 hours of use for 15 minutes of charge time. The main camera rocks a 21 MP sensor with F2.0 aperture and a dual-tone LED flash, while the frontal cam has a 5 MP sensor. Motorola's UI philosophy is along the lines of “the lighter – the better”. The midranger comes with Android 5.1.1 installed out-of-the-box and offers it in its vanilla form.. Blast from the past: Verizon rolls out Android 7.0 Nougat for Motorola DROID MAXX 2. Motorola DROID MAXX 2 is updated by Verizon to Android 6.0. Motorola DROID Ultra, Maxx, Mini won't get updated to Lollipop; discounts offered instead. 6 of the best Motorola DROID MAXX 2 cases currently available. You can now buy a Motorola Droid Turbo 2 or Droid Maxx 2 and get 50% off a second smartphone. Best 2015 smartphones that run stock or near-stock Android. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Motorola Manuals Cell Phone Droid Maxx 2 User manual Motorola Droid Maxx 2 User Manual. Related Manuals for Motorola Droid Maxx 2. Cell Phone Motorola DROID DROID Razr User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID DROID PRO User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID DROID 3 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID DROID X2 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID RAZR by MOTOROLA Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID RAZR by MOTOROLA Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX User Manual. Motorola droid droid razr: user guide (72 pages). Motorola droid droid pro: user guide (70 pages). Motorola droid droid 3: user guide (70 pages). Motorola droid droid x2: user guide (64 pages). Hd station for motorola smartphones (71 pages). Cell Phone Motorola RAZR maxx Ve User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID 68000202474-B User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID RAZR HD User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Droid 2 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Droid Mini User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Razr Maxx User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola DROID BIONIC XT875 User Manual. Motorola razr maxx ve: user manual (260 pages). Motorola cell phone for verizon user guide (58 pages). Droid razr hd / maxx hd - user guide (78 pages). Motorola motorola mobile phone user guide (68 pages). Motorola razr maxx mobile phone user manual (74 pages). Motorola cell phone user manual (68 pages). Summary of Contents for Motorola Droid Maxx 2. Page 4: Product View And Features, At A Glance. Page 11: Home Screen & Apps. Page 27: Way Calls, Dial By Voice, Recent Calls, Your Phone Number. Page 30: Share Contacts, Get Contacts. Page 52: Share Your Data Connection. Page 56: Memory Card, Mobile Network. See “Discover Your Moto apps” on Organize.. At a glance Tips & tricks • Start: The SIM card is pre-installed in your phone. Just First look charge up and power on, then follow the screen prompts to set up your phone. We’ll guide you through startup and tell you a •.... Top topics Check out what your phone can do. Find these fast: Wi-Fi, airplane “Quick settings” on mode, flashlight, and more. Choose new wallpaper, “Redecorate your home sounds, and more. More megapixels for clearer “Take photos”.... Start Use the TurboPower™ charger to charge up or top off your phone fast. Your phone shows the charge level as it charges. Put in the cards & power on Your 4G nano SIM card is already installed in your phone. If you need to replace the SIM card or insert an optional microSD memory card, follow these instructions.. Battery life • Unused online accounts that you registered: Tap Apps > Settings > Accounts. Tap the account you want to Your phone processes tons of information and apps at 4G LTE remove. Tap it again, then tap Menu > Remove account. Otherwise, use the Verizon Cloud app in “Verizon Cloud” on page 7. Or, visit Add your account www.motorola.com/transfercontacts. Note: This phone supports apps and services that may use a lot Sign in to get the most out of your of data, so make sure your data plan meets your needs.. Verizon Cloud On your new phone: Tap Apps > Cloud, then tap > Tools > Content Transfer > Copy content TO this phone. During setup you can choose to back up your contacts, Follow the instructions to copy your content from the cloud to messages, photos and more on Verizon Cloud, and view them your new phone.. Home screen & apps Tips & tricks • Return: To return to the home screen from any location, Quick start: Home screen & apps tap Home • Pages: To add a page, drag an app to the right side of the You’ll see the home screen when you turn on your phone or tap screen until you see a white bar.. Swipe down to see Explore settings and notifications. 3 new messages 02/27/2015 amy.merchant321@gmail.com Learn about Motorola features Personalize your device Weekly Staff Meeting Tip: To remove a notification, 11:30-12:30 pm Conference Room 1 flick it to the left or right.. Tip: To quickly change common settings, swipe the status bar Volume & interruptions down with two fingers instead of one. For more, see “Quick Press the side volume buttons up or down to select a ringer settings” on page 18. volume from high to vibrate Icons at the top right of the screen tell you about phone status: network strength.... For example, keep alarms quiet at night while Use the Motorola Connect app to set up, manage, and update you’re sleeping. Motorola smart devices that you connect to your Droid Maxx 2 • Actions: Learn how to open your camera with two twists of phone.. • Get help: Tap Apps > Help. For more commands, • Enjoy music, movies, and more: You can also use Google say your launch phrase, then “Help me.” Play to download music, movies, TV shows, and more. See “Play Music” and “Play Movies & TV” apps. Tip: You can use your voice to control apps like Facebook®, Whatsapp™, and YouTube™.. • If you doubt the safety of an app, don’t install it. select the Reboot to safe mode option. Your phone restarts with Safe mode in the lower left. • Apps use up memory, data, battery, and processing power—some more than others.. • Using your computer: Touch and hold an empty spot to change wallpaper. On your computer, go to www.motorola.com/update. Touch and hold to move or delete. Tips & tricks • Overview: Tap Overview to see your recent apps (or browser tabs), and tap an app to reopen it. To remove an • Speak: Tap in a search window, or on a keyboard. app from the list, swipe it left, right or tap .. Volume buttons • Text entry: On a keyboard, tap , then speak your message or search text. Your volume buttons help in a few ways: Tip: To make your phone read out loud, see “TalkBack” on •.... • Notifications: Double tap a notification in the lock screen to • Display settings: To change brightness, animation, and open it. You’ll be prompted to enter your passcode. other display settings, tap Apps > Settings > Display. Tip: To prevent notifications from appearing in the lock •.... • Add widgets: Touch and hold an empty spot on the home Quick settings screen, tap WIDGETS, touch and hold a widget, then drag it For quick access to Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Airplane mode, to your home screen. brightness, and other settings, swipe the status bar or lock •.... • Browsers: Enable web pages in your browser to be read out Note: For general information, accessories, and more, visit loud. Move between pages, paragraphs, lines, words, or www.motorola.com/accessibility. Voice recognition Tip: Navigate through your apps and menus to hear how voice Just tell your phone what you’d like to do—dial, browse,.... Tip: When you turn on TalkBack for the first time, your phone Braille asks if you want to Enable Explore by Touch? Tap OK to turn it Combine your Braille display with TalkBack for braille and speech feedback. Explore by Touch changes your phone’s touch gestures so the 1 Download the BrailleBack app on Google Play™.... Volume & vibrate • High contrast text: Show higher contrast text throughout your phone. Tap Apps > Settings > Accessibility Find it: Apps > Settings > Sound & notification > High contrast text. • To set volume levels for your music or videos, alarms, and •.... • TTY Full: Type and read text on your TTY device. Note: Ratings are not a guarantee of compatibility (visit www.motorola.com/hacphones). You may also want to • TTY HCO: Hearing-Carry-Over—type text on your TTY consult your hearing health professional, who should be able to device and listen to voice replies on your phone’s speaker.. Calls Apps Google Play™ has something for everyone, and many apps Quick start: Calls provide useful accessibility features. Find it: Apps > Play Store Dial contacts, speed dial numbers, recent calls, or numbers, and search, all from one app. Tips & tricks • To enter the international dialing code (+), touch and hold 0. To add a pause or wait after numbers, tap Menu. • During a call: Your touchscreen goes dark to avoid accidental touches. To wake it up, move it away from your Note: You can make High-Definition Voice and Video calls with face or press the Power button.. Note: When you hold your phone to your ear, the • To remove an entry from the call log, tap it, then tap touchscreen goes dark to avoid accidental touches. When DETAILS > you move the phone away from your ear, the screen lights •.... Emergency calls Contacts Note: Your service provider programs one or more emergency Quick start: Contacts phone numbers you can call under any circumstances, even when your phone is locked. Emergency numbers vary by Combine information from your Google™ contacts and social country.. • To set a favorite, tap Apps > Contacts, select a For help with transferring contacts, see “Verizon Cloud” on contact and tap page 7 or go to www.motorola.com/transfercontacts. • To see your favorites, tap Apps > Contacts > FAVORITES.. • To hide the contacts from an account in your Contacts list, For help with transferring contacts, see “Verizon Cloud” on tap Menu > Contacts to display. Tap an account type to page 7 or go to www.motorola.com/transfercontacts. Tap Customize to uncheck accounts you always want to hide.. Messages To store your user profile, tap Set up my profile under ME at the top of the contact list. Quick start: Verizon Messages Stay in touch with messages and pictures. Find it: Message+ • Create: Tap • Attach: When you’re typing a message, tap to attach a picture, audio, video, or more.. Tips & tricks Read, forward & more • Insert emojis: Tap to insert emojis or icons in your Find it: Message+ message. • Open: Tap a conversation to open it. • Send a recorded message: In the create message screen, •.... Gmail • Add Gmail accounts: The first time you turned on your phone, you probably set up or logged in to your Google™ Send and receive email from all of your personal accounts account—that sets up the Gmail app for one account. To (even if they’re not Google Gmail accounts).. > Accounts > Add account > Corporate, and enter details Wireless Emergency Alerts from your IT administrator. Wireless Emergency Alerts, also known WIRELESS EMERGENCY • Change account settings: Tap Apps > Email > as CMAS or PLAN, is a U.S. Type Tips & tricks • Move the cursor: Tap a spot in the text to place the cursor, Quick start: Type then drag the arrow under the cursor to move it. • Dictionary: To add a word you enter often, enter it, tap the When you tap a text box, like in a message or search, you have word in the word list below the text box, then tap there again keyboard options.. Text entry settings & dictionary Cut, copy & paste Choose your keyboard style and edit the dictionary of words Cut, copy, and paste names, phone numbers, addresses, your phone suggests: quotes, or anything else in a text box. Organize Calendar See all your events, all in one place. Clock Find it: Apps > Calendar Find it: Apps > Clock > TODAY, FRIDAY • World clock: For other time zones, tap August 28, 2015 Change the calendar view. • Show, edit, or delete events: Tap an event to open it, then Google Drive™ tap edit or delete Keep all your photos, videos, documents, and more safely in • Show, hide, or add calendars: Tap Menu > Calendars to one place—private unless you choose to share.. Google Apps™ Google Now™ Google Now brings you just the right information at just the Google Play™ right time, before you even ask. Weather, traffic, transit schedules, even the latest scores come automatically, Google Play is a digital content experience from Google appearing throughout the day just as you need them.. Browse Tips: • Turn off Google Now: Tap > Settings > Now cards, Quick start: Chrome™ then tap the Show cards switch to turn it off. • Reactivate Google Now: Tap Apps > Google Find it: Apps > Chrome > GET NOW CARDS. Tips & tricks Web connection • Web page shortcut: To add a web page shortcut to your To access the web, your phone uses your Wi-Fi network (or home screen, go to the web page and tap Menu > Add to your mobile phone network if no Wi-Fi network is connected).. Safe surfing & searching Photos & videos Keep track of what your browser and searches show: Quick start: Photos & videos • Incognito: To open a tab that won’t appear in your browser Take crisp, clear photos with your 21 megapixel camera. or search history, tap Apps >.... Tips & tricks • Edit: To edit a photo, tap the photo to select it, then tap • Quick Capture: Tap Camera, swipe the screen right • Print: Want to print your photos? Check out “Print” on and tap to turn Quick Capture on or off. The perfect shot Options Point, tap, and you’re done. But when you want something a Panorama Take a wide-angle shot. Use the little different, play with these camera options. on-screen guide to slowly pan while you are taking the photo. Tip: To open camera options, swipe the camera screen right.. • Zoom: Open a photo in • Edit: Tap Add title to name it. Then tap other option tabs to your gallery, then drag select different photos, add more faces, and add music. two fingers apart or When you’re done, tap SAVE. Play Music Tips & tricks • Volume: Press the volume buttons. Quick start: Music • Hide the music player: To use another app while your music plays, tap Home. To return to the music player, Music everywhere—stream it, buy it, save it, play it. Listen and swipe the status bar down and tap the song title.. Locate & navigate • File types: Your phone can play MP3, M4A, AAC, AAC+, MIDI, and WAV files. Quick start: Locate & navigate Note: Copyright—do you have the right? Always follow the rules. See “Content Copyright” in your legal and safety Find a nearby cafe, get directions or step-by-step GPS voice information.. Connect & transfer Tips & tricks • Find an address: In the search field, enter an address or Quick start: Connect & transfer something you’re looking for, like “restaurant.” The map moves to show the address or local suggestions. Tap the Connect accessories, computers, networks, and more.. Tips & tricks Bluetooth® wireless • Quick settings: Get to the most used settings quickly. Turn Bluetooth power on/off Swipe the status bar down with two fingers. See “Quick Find it: Apps > Settings > Bluetooth, then tap the settings” on page 18. switch to turn it on •.... To automatically disconnect or reconnect a device (like a Wi-Fi Networks wireless headset) anytime, just turn the device off or on. Turn Wi-Fi power on/off Note: Using a mobile device or accessory while driving may Find it: Apps > Settings > Wi-Fi, then tap the switch to cause distraction and may be illegal.. Wi-Fi hotspot • Client (DHCP) start address Note: This phone supports apps and services that may use a lot 2 Tap SAVE when the settings are complete. of data, so make sure your data plan meets your needs. When your Wi-Fi hotspot is active, other Wi-Fi enabled devices Contact your service provider for details.. > Settings > Data usage more instructions or driver files, visit www.motorola.com/support. Your phone shows a data usage graph. Below the graph, apps are listed from highest to least data usage. Apps that use a lot of • For Apple™ Macintosh™: Use Android File Transfer, data might also use a lot of battery power.. To turn off background data use for all apps, tap Menu 2 Touch the back of your phone to the back of the > Restrict background data. Note: Usage information is provided to help you manage your When the devices connect, you’ll see Touch to Beam on phone.. Security Droid Zap Mobile payments, wireless connections, and content sharing Easily share pictures and videos with people around you by all demand security: using a two-finger swipe. • Range: NFC only works over a short range (about Find it: Tap Apps >.... Zap it Your cloud From the Gallery: Select the picture or video you want to One account with access to everything, everywhere—phone, share. Then place two fingers on the picture and swipe up to tablet, computer. Don't forget to tell your friends that you’re sending. Memory card Virtual Private Networks (VPN) Your photos, videos, and other files are automatically stored in A VPN lets you access files on a secured network (like an office your phone’s internal memory. You can set certain apps, like network with a firewall). Contact the network administrator to the camera, to store files on an optional microSD card.. Airplane mode Protect Use airplane mode to turn off all your wireless Quick start: Protect your phone connections—useful when flying. Swipe the status bar down with two fingers and tap Airplane mode Make sure your information is protected in case your phone is lost or stolen.. Screen lock Screen pinning To keep your phone secure, you can make the touchscreen Pin an app screen to keep it in view until you unpin it. lock when it goes to sleep. Want to let someone else use an app on your phone? Pin the Find it: Apps >.... Encrypt your phone Reset Caution: If you forget your encryption code, you cannot To reset your phone to factory settings and erase all the data on recover the data stored on your phone or memory card. FAQs, videos and more, right on your phone. If you have questions or need assistance, we’re here to help. • Everything Droid Maxx 2: Get PC software, user’s guides, Go to www.motorola.com/support, where you can select and more at www.motorola.com/mydroidmaxx2.. All features, functionality, and other product specifications, as well as the information contained in this guide, are based upon the latest available information and believed to be accurate at the time of printing. Motorola reserves the right to change or modify any information or specifications without notice or obligation.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > Motorola. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Motorola DROID Maxx 2 is a smartphone that comes with a 5.5-inch display, a 1080x1920 resolution and 402ppi index. Powering the device from within is a 1.7GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor with 2GB of RAM and the Adreno 405 GPU. It has a built-in storage of 16GB with a microSD card slot to expand the memory by up to 128GB. Capturing photos may be done on the 21MP rear-facing camera which can also record 1080p HD quality videos or the 5MP camera sensor on the front of the device. It unboxes with Android 5.1 Lollipop OS and comes with a non-removable Li-Ion 3630mAh battery. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. DROID Maxx 2 Unboxing and Impressions. The new DROID Maxx 2 is the second DROID that was announced alongside the Turbo 2.. Expert Review User reviews. Save $100 on Moto X4 Now: $299.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. 25% off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+.. Up to $50 off Moto G5s Plus from $249.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $40 off Moto G5 Plus from $209.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $30 off the Moto E4 Plus Was: $179.99 Now: $149.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Deal of the Day: 61% off a Tower Paddle Boards Adventurer 2 Inflatable SUP Package Was: $1279 Now: $499.. No credit check - 2 Unlimited Lines Now: $100 Family Plans.. Get $200 off Motorola Z2 Force. ZTE ZFIVE 2 Was: $39.99 Now: $19.99.. Limited Time Offer on Yuntab Action Camera Sport DV 1080P 30 Meter Waterproof 2 inch TFT HD 5MP Helmet Camera?Blue.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. ZTE Prestige OnePlus X Samsung Galaxy View Coolpad Rogue Kyocera Rally Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Microsoft Lumia 735 ZTE Obsidian ASUS ZenFone Zoom Kyocera Hydro View. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Motorola's Droid Maxx 2 survives a weekend away from the wall. Motorola's Droid Maxx 2 banishes battery anxiety with almost supernatural endurance.. Motorola's Droid Maxx 2 banishes battery anxiety with almost supernatural endurance.. Motorola's Droid Maxx 2 banishes battery anxiety with almost supernatural endurance.. Voice allows you to initiate commands without the need to wake your phone. You can ask questions, set reminders, play a song, and more. Display shows your notifications without the need to turn on the full display. All you need to do is nudge your phone and they will appear. Assist recognizes when you’re at home, driving, at work, or any other custom location. You can adjust the settings for when you’re at each location, like whether you want your text messages read to you, notifications silenced, and more. Actions opens the camera with two flicks of the wrist. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Fans of the Droid Maxx series finally have something to get excited about. After two years of waiting for a sequel, Verizon and Motorola finally teamed up again to release a worthy successor to its first Maxx, the Droid Maxx 2.. The Maxx 2 is actually a re-branded Moto X Play , which is a more affordable version of the Moto X Style. It features a good balance of mid-range and high-end specs. Since the Moto X Play isn’t available in the States, we welcomed the Maxx 2 with open arms.. At $384 (or $16 for 24 months) off contract, the Maxx 2 is not only competitively priced, it’s able to hold its own against other flagships.. Motorola doesn’t make the flashiest phones in the world, but the company knows how to build quality handsets. Whether it’s an entry-level Moto E. or the flagship-caliber Droid Turbo 2 , Motorola always invests a lot of time in its craftsmanship.. The Droid Maxx 2 isn’t a flagship phone, so you won’t find a metal body or frame, but Motorola’s choice of materials give it a premium look and feel.. The back has an etched pattern with a soft rubber-like texture, which offers fantastic grip.. The back has an etched pattern with a soft rubber-like texture, which offers fantastic grip with none of the slipperiness found on other phones. The silver frame adds to the premium look, even though it’s plastic disguised as metal.. The body has a nano coating that acts as a water repellent. The phone shouldn’t be mistaken for waterproof, but it will be able to survive accidental spills, splashes, and light rain.. A major highlight of the design has to be its size, which is 148.0 x 75.0mm. is 158.2 x 77.9mm, which is much bigger. Considering that both phones have massive 5.5-inch screens, the Maxx 2 has a clear advantage. It’s a lot easier to use and hold one-handed.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Compared To. The downside is that the Maxx 2 is thicker. It’s actually 8.9mm at the sides, but the rounded back pushes it to 10.9mm at its thickest point. In comparison, the iPhone 6S Plus is only 7.3mm thick. However, the Maxx 2’s rounded back gives you the impression that it’s thinner than it actually is.. Although Motorola didn’t open up its Moto Maker customization engine for the Maxx 2, the removable back can be swapped out for a different color, which is arguably a benefit because you can change it any time you want.. Looking at the front of the phone shows speakers at the top and bottom that could easily be mistaken for stereo sound. Unfortunately that’s not the case, as the speaker phone and media playback sounds will only fire through the bottom speaker. The top speaker is reserved for in-ear phone calls.. Mid-range phones usually come with a below-average screen to keep the price down. However, the Maxx 2 sports a generous 5.5-inch 1080p screen, which equates to a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 pixels. This is the sweet spot, since it offers the perfect balance between viewing experience and battery life.. The screen is an LCD panel instead of the traditional AMOLED screen that we’re accustomed to on past Motorola phones. As such, it’s technically not as energy-efficient, but the battery size more than makes up for that. Although the colors don’t pop as much as they would on an AMOLED screen, the Maxx 2 looks sharp and viewing angles are very good. Plus, it performs well in sunlight, which is usually the case with LCD panels.. The back has an etched pattern with a soft rubber-like texture, which offers fantastic grip.. The Droid Maxx 2 features the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor. Although a mid-range chip, it’s more than adequate for just about anything you can throw at it. Videos and games play smoothly, and I didn’t notice any stuttering or lag when navigating the user interface or opening and closing apps.. Internal storage is limited to 16GB, but the included MicroSD slot means that you can add up to an additional 128GB for all your pictures, music, and videos.. As mentioned before, this phone doesn’t have stereo sound, but at least the one speaker is front-firing. The sound is nothing to brag about, which is expected for a phone in this price range.. Battery life is becoming increasingly important because so many phones continue to fail to last through an entire day. Motorola has been a leader in battery life ever since the company introduced the Droid Razr Maxx back in 2012.. The Maxx 2 sports a whopping 3,630mAh battery, which is rather large for a phone of this size. The similar-sized iPhone 6S Plus only has a 2,750mAh battery, and the larger Galaxy Note 5 features a 3,000mAh battery. As such, the Maxx 2 is one of the most dominant phones in terms of battery life.. In our battery rundown test in which we play continuous video while the phone is connected to 4G LTE (not Wi-Fi) and the display is set to about 60 percent brightness, the Maxx 2 performed spectacularly. It went from 100 percent to 0 percent in 11 hours and 4 minutes. How does this translate in real life? Motorola promises 48 hours, which is not out of the realm of possibility with moderate use. Last weekend, I went from Friday morning well into Sunday without charging it once. Power users are likely to be limited to 30-36 hours, but even that’s phenomenal.. When it comes to most smartphones, you begin to panic when you hit 30 percent battery, but 30 percent on the Maxx 2 is like 80 percent on most other phones.. On top of the amazing battery life, you also get quick charging capability, or as Motorola calls it, “turbo power.” That’s just another term for Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 2.0 .. On top of the amazing battery life, you also get quick charging.. If you do find yourself in a pinch, you can juice up pretty darn fast using a quick charger. Starting from 0 percent, our tests showed that the Maxx 2 will charge to 25 percent in just 20 minutes, 50 percent in 45 minutes, and 100 percent in 2 hours. This means that you can grab 12 hours of life after just 20 minutes of charging, or about 24 hours after just 45 minutes.. The downside is that a quick-charging compatible charger doesn’t come in the box. You can buy one directly from Motorola, or any third-party charger will work, as long as it’s certified with Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 2.0 standard.. Unfortunately, wireless charging isn’t onboard, but you won’t miss it with battery life like this.. Motorola has never blown anyone away with its cameras, but the company has improved greatly over the past couple of years. The Droid Maxx 2 sports a 21-megapixel main rear camera along with a 5-megapixel front-facing lens. When you consider the rear cameras on the iPhone 6S. are 12-megapixels and the Galaxy S6. sports 16-megapixels, this is very generous for a phone in this price range.. However, it’s not all about the megapixels. Megapixels only make it easier for you to crop images, but none of that matters if the quality is subpar. The Maxx 2 handles brightly lit situations very well, but the lack of optical image stabilization shows up in low-light shots, in which a decent amount of noise is present. There is a Night Mode, which does cut down on the noise, but at the expense of lowering the megapixel count down to 3.7. The camera software itself is very minimal with limited controls. It’s meant to be a simple point and shoot. In fact, it’s so simple, that you can tap anywhere on the display to capture a shot. For those who like to tweak things, there is a drag to focus with exposure control option.. Although it has a high megapixel count, the Maxx 2 cannot record 4K video. This isn’t going to be a big deal for most people, though. It can record up to 1080p (1920 x 1080) at 30 frames per second, which is more than enough.. The front-facing camera doesn’t include flash, but the display can be used for the same purpose. There is also a Best Shot mode that will automatically pick out the best selfie photo from a series of shots, but I was unable to get that to work.. The Droid Maxx 2 runs Android Lollipop 5.1.1 out of the box, which is a bummer since the Android 6.0 Marshmallow update has been available for over a month. However, Motorola and Verizon promise that the Marshmallow update is coming very soon.. What separates Motorola from other Android manufacturers is its software on top of Android. While other manufacturers continue to muck up Android with a different look and useless apps, Motorola preserves the pure Android experience and includes some very useful features.. New for this year is Moto Loop, which again, shows Motorola’s prowess in offering stuff that fits into your everyday life. This app is the perfect way to keep track of each family member’s location and also offers the ability to send messages to each other. You can set certain locations where family members can auto check in. That way, you will be notified when your child gets to school and home, plus, you can always check the real-time location as well. If this isn’t enough, Moto Loop can also automatically control your Nest Thermostat or Philips Hue lights when you get home.. Other familiar apps like Voice, Display, Assist, and Actions are all back again.. Droid Zap, a past Verizon exclusive, is also back with the Droid Maxx 2. This app allows you to share photos and videos directly with other friends near you. It’s perfect for parties and group outings. It’s available on other Android phones, as well as iOS (Motorola Zap), so your friends don’t have to own a Droid-branded phone.. After that, you’ll have to pay for repairs or to extend your coverage. Motorola will not repair or replace phones that have water damage, either. You can read more about the limited warranty here .. The Maxx 2 has a special screen program, which isn’t as extensive as the ShatterShield promise Motorola offers on the Droid Turbo 2. one free certified replacement within 2 years of purchase, if you break yours.. Motorola offers a few more paid options for those who need more protection. Moto Care Accident Protection covers accidents that affect the functionality of the device, like drops and spills. It comes with an additional 3 or 12 months of Motorola’s standard limited warranty. It’s more expensive, though, and prices vary widely based on how many months you signup for and what device you have. Prices are between $15 – $70 for 15 months of coverage or $25 – $100 for 24 months of coverage.. The $13-$20 Moto Care Extended Service Plan covers an additional 12 months of Motorola’s standard limited warranty, with an unlimited number of claims and low deductible.. You can read more here .. Up your game with these accessories, hand picked by DT editors:. Droid Maxx 2 Supcase Heavy Duty case ($15). iLLumiShield HD Tempered Glass [2-Pack] screen protector. Aukey Quick Charge 2.0 wall charger ($12). At $384 off contract, you’re going to have a hard time finding a better value smartphone. are worthy contenders at $330 and $300 respectively, but neither one will work on Verizon Wireless or offer this kind of battery life.. On the other hand, the recently announced HTC One A9. will work on Verizon, but it costs $500. The best competitor might be the Google Nexus 5X , which sells for $400. It will work on Verizon, and it has a better camera, but its battery life can’t hold a candle to the Droid Maxx 2, and we don’t recommend it as a viable alternative, based on our terrible experience with the phone.. The Droid Maxx 2 is exactly what the Honda Accord is for automobiles. You get rock-solid performance with a near luxurious experience for a lot less money.. If you’re looking for a new phone that won’t break the bank and is built to last, you can’t go wrong with the Droid Maxx 2.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Hands-on with the Motorola Droid Maxx 2. Verizon and Motorola are aiming for that budget sweet spot, and resurrecting an old brand name in the process.. Every day it seems like there's another company releasing a phone that competes in the $300-$400 price range, and today's offering is packing a Droid branding on the back. Motorola and Verizon launched a pair of Droid phones today, and while the Droid Turbo 2 continues to focus on the high end with amazing battery life and top of the line specs, the Droid Maxx 2 is all about the budget. Specifically, getting the most battery, the most specs, and the most affordable price these two companies could muster.. All they need now is for this phone to be as impressive in the real world as it seems on paper. Motorola has resurrected the Maxx branding (originally used to indicate the Droid phone with the biggest battery) to re-brand the Moto X Play — be sure to read our full review of that one —. that is currently available outside of the U.S. It's got all of the familiar curves you'd expect to find on a Moto X, and while it has just enough heft that you feel the phone in your pocket it's not overly bulky. When you hold the phone in your had, your finger naturally finds the indent where the Motorola M lives, and you can actually reach the other side of the screen with your thumb.. The textures being offered here are subtle, and when coupled with the right color it really helps the phone stand out.. Despite identical speaker slits at the top and bottom of the phone, audio only comes out of the bottom speaker, with the top reserved for phone calls. Outside of the removable backs, which Verizon plans to sell in its stores for those who want that Moto G-esque customization, but you'll be shelling out $20 per back if that's what you want.. These backs aren't something to be dismissed, either. Motorola is launching the phone with eight colors, and several magnetic folio options with a square cut out so you can still use Moto Display. The textures being offered here are subtle, and when coupled with the right color it really helps the phone stand out.. The Droid branding underneath Verizon's enormous logo doesn't do much to add to the experience we're already familiar with. The Snapdragon 615 processor with 2GB of RAM underneath a 1080p display isn't going to be winning awards or breaking records, but they get the job done and look decent in the process. At no point did the phone slow down during our brief use, nor did the display feel lacking. Text is sharp, colors are well represented, and while whites tend to lean a little on the pink side it's not something you'd notice in most situations.. Given Motorola's recent history with software updates and the long history of Droid-branded phones getting software updates, there's a good chance you're going to be waiting a while for Marshmallow.. This being a purely Verizon exclusive experience, there's plenty of Verizon bloat to be found. There are 48 apps pre-loaded on the Droid Maxx 2, which includes five Amazon apps, four games, nine apps for Verizon services, and the new go90 social app among many others. These are full apps, taking up a whopping 3GB on the meager 16GB storage included with this phone. While many of these apps can be uninstalled, Slacker Radio and the NFL app top a small list of apps that can only be disabled. This isn't new information, mind you. Verizon has been behaving this way for a while. More than anything, it's interesting to see bloatware situation getting worse instead of better. But hey, at least there are no antivirus apps onboard.. Speaking of software, the Droid Maxx 2 is running Android 5.1.1 out of the box. Motorola promises to update the Droid Turbo, Droid Turbo 2, and Droid Maxx 2 to Marshmallow at some point, but no one is talking about when. Android 5.1.1 seems to run well enough on these phones, just like we've seen with the Moto X Play and Moto X Pure Edition, but given Motorola's recent history with software updates and the long history of Droid-branded phones getting software updates, there's a good chance you're going to be waiting a while.. Motorola has the same 21MP sensor in the Droid Maxx 2 that has been popping up in everything from Motorola this year, and that means it has all of the same strengths and weaknesses. The 21MP sensor can capture an incredible amount of detail for you to zoom in on, but it struggles in low light and HDR has some problems exposing either too bright or too dark depending on where the focus point lands. The Moto Camera app hasn't changed either, which means you get the same simple interface that exchanges tap to focus with a draggable exposure ring, with settings in a loop on the left for you to thumb through.. As first impressions go, the Motorola Droid Maxx 2 seems like a win for Verizon. At $384 off contract it's a reasonably priced phone with a decent all around experience, but it's also moving in on Moto X Pure Edition territory and a standoff between those two phones will not end in the Droid Maxx 2 winning. Verizon's real goal here is to push the $16/month for 24 months for this phone, and since the Moto X Pure Edition isn't sitting on shelves in Big Red stores it'll be the best budget-friendly option most people who wander into a Verizon store will see.. There's also plenty of questions left to be answered, not the least of which is exactly how this phone holds up against other phones in this $300-$400 range. We'll also need to do some long-term testing to see how the 48 hour battery claims hold up, but if Motorola can take a 3630 mAh battery and stretch it that long this phone will have a huge check mark in the win column for a lot of people. While we get to work on that, share some of your thoughts on this new Maxx in the comments below.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Waterproof Bag. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (Verizon Wireless). Specifications Battery power you can afford. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (16GB, Black). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (16GB, White). Speakerphone, voice control, call timer, conference call, flight mode, voice dialing, vibrating alert. HD Voice, Wireless Emergency Alerts function. 1.38 W/kg (body) / 1.14 W/kg (head). Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, voice recorder, navigation. CDMA2000 1X / GSM / WCDMA (UMTS). WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM 850/900/1800/1900 / CDMA2000 1X 1900/850. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 (scratch resistant glass). microSDXC - up to 128 GB. Mixed usage: up to 48 hrs Standby: up to 580.8 hrs. Motorola's Droid Maxx 2 raises the mid-level bar. Only available on Verizon, the Droid Maxx 2 is an excellent mid-range phone with an enduring battery and a $384 price tag -- just expect plenty of carrier bloatware.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (16GB, Black). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The Motorola DROID Maxx 2 runs Android 5.1 Lollipop OS out of the box. It is a device built with a 5.5-inch display, a 1080x1920 resolution and a 402ppi index. Powering it from within is 1.7GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor with 2GB of RAM and the Adreno 405 GPU. Its internal storage capacity is 16GB with an option to expand this by up to 128GB through the use of a microSD card. Photos may be captured from the 21MP rear-facing sensor or the 5MP camera in front. The camera on the back can also record videos with 1080p HD quality. There is an included non-removable Li-Ion 3630mAh battery and a splash-resistant feature.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. DROID Maxx 2 Unboxing and Impressions. The new DROID Maxx 2 is the second DROID that was announced alongside the Turbo 2.. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on Buy 3 Amazon Cloud Cams, Save $70 with code 3CLOUDCAM Use Code: 3CLOUDCAM. Ellipsis 10 HD tablet, just $99.99 w/new 2 yr activation. Save $100 on Moto X4 Now: $299.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. 25% off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+.. Up to $50 off Moto G5s Plus from $249.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $40 off Moto G5 Plus from $209.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $30 off the Moto E4 Plus Was: $179.99 Now: $149.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Deal of the Day: 61% off a Tower Paddle Boards Adventurer 2 Inflatable SUP Package Was: $1279 Now: $499.. Get $25 off any bluetooth headphones with Google Pixel 2 or 2XL purchase. Must be purchased in same order.. Get $200 off Motorola Z2 Force. ZTE Prestige OnePlus X Samsung Galaxy View Coolpad Rogue. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 14 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 11 hours ago. 1 week 10 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors Droid Maxx Cases. Showing 40 of 14570 results that match your query.. Product - OtterBox Motorola DROID Maxx Case Commuter Series. OtterBox Motorola DROID Maxx Case Commuter Series. Product - DROID Maxx 2 Case, Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For DROID Maxx 2 XT1565/ Moto X Play (2015 Release), Blue (EVO-MOTXT1565-AB202). Price List price $ 18. DROID Maxx 2 Case , Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For DROID Maxx 2 XT1565/ Moto X Play (2015 Release), Blue (EVO-MOTXT1565-AB202). Product - Droid Maxx 2 Case, Dual Layer Protective Hybrid Armor Defender Case With [Premium Screen Protector] (Black). Droid Maxx 2 Case , Dual Layer Protective Hybrid Armor Defender Case With [Premium Screen Protector] (Black). Product - Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Gray w/ Black Trim. Price List price $ 6. Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Gray w/ Black Trim. Product - Incipio DualPro Dual Layer Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - Pink / Gray. Price List price $ 11. Incipio DualPro Dual Layer Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - Pink / Gray. Product - Motorola Droid Maxx Ultra XT1080 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bullet Holes. Motorola Droid Maxx Ultra XT1080 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bullet Holes. Product - Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD Case, by DreamWireless Rubberized Hard Snap-in Case Cover For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD, Purple. Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD Case , by DreamWireless Rubberized Hard Snap-in Case Cover For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD, Purple. Product - Design Rubberized Hard Case for Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx XT913 - Panda Bear. Design Rubberized Hard Case for Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx XT913 - Panda Bear. Product - DROID MAXX 2 Case, Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Case for Motorola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Purple. DROID MAXX 2 Case , Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Case for Motorola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Purple. Product - Motorola Droid Maxx | Droid Ultra Holster Case [ Clip Armor ] Dual Layer Rugged Case with Built in Kicsktand + Holster - Tree Bark Hunter Camouflage. Motorola Droid Maxx | Droid Ultra Holster Case [ Clip Armor ] Dual Layer Rugged Case with Built in Kicsktand + Holster - Tree Bark Hunter Camouflage. Product - BLUE PROTEX RUBBERIZED HARD CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID MAXX / ULTRA. BLUE PROTEX RUBBERIZED HARD CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID MAXX / ULTRA. Product - DROID MAXX 2 Case, Cimo [Shockproof] Heavy Duty Shock Absorbing Hybrid Stud Rhinestone Bling Dual Layer Protection Cover for Motorola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Blue. DROID MAXX 2 Case , Cimo [Shockproof] Heavy Duty Shock Absorbing Hybrid Stud Rhinestone Bling Dual Layer Protection Cover for Motorola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Blue. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Pink Purple Flower. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Pink Purple Flower. Product - Incipio DualPro Dual Layer Case for Motorola Droid MAXX 2 - Black on Black. Price List price $ 7. Incipio DualPro Dual Layer Case for Motorola Droid MAXX 2 - Black on Black. Product - DROID MAXX 2 Case, Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Case for Motorola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Smoke. DROID MAXX 2 Case , Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Case for Motorola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Smoke. Product - Hard Rubberized Case for Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx HD XT926M - Red. Price List price $ 5. Hard Rubberized Case for Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx HD XT926M - Red. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Colorful Galaxy Specs. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Colorful Galaxy Specs. Product - i-Blason Prime Series Case and Holster for Motorola Verizon Droid Maxx 2 (Moto X Play), Black. i-Blason Prime Series Case and Holster for Motorola Verizon Droid Maxx 2 (Moto X Play), Black. Product - NEW BEYOND CELL PURPLE/PINK INFOLIO WALLET ID CREDIT CARD CASH CASE COVER STAND FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID MAXX 2 PHONE (XT1565 XT1561 XT1562 XT1563) (aka Moto X Play). NEW BEYOND CELL PURPLE/PINK INFOLIO WALLET ID CREDIT CARD CASH CASE COVER STAND FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID MAXX 2 PHONE (XT1565 XT1561 XT1562 XT1563) (aka Moto X Play). Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Red Gameboy Color. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Red Gameboy Color. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Winter Deer. Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Winter Deer. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Game Controller. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Game Controller. Product - Arc® Motorola Droid Maxx 2 TPU Slim Rugged Hybrid Stand Case Cover Purple. Arc® Motorola Droid Maxx 2 TPU Slim Rugged Hybrid Stand Case Cover Purple. Product - EagleCell Skin Rubber Case For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD - Red. EagleCell Skin Rubber Case For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD - Red. Product - EagleCell Hard Plastic Case For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD - Clear. EagleCell Hard Plastic Case For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD - Clear. Product - eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto X Play Droid Maxx 2 Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto X Play Droid Maxx 2 Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. Product - eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto X Play Droid Maxx 2 Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto X Play Droid Maxx 2 Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. Product - OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD Glacier. OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD Glacier. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Dragon Stars. Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Dragon Stars. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Pink Deer Stag. Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Pink Deer Stag. Product - Motorola Droid Maxx Ultra XT1080 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Basketball. Motorola Droid Maxx Ultra XT1080 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Basketball. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Fruity Rose Pattern. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Fruity Rose Pattern. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Hunters Camouflage. Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Hunters Camouflage. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Hummingbird Flowers. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Hummingbird Flowers. Product - Motorola Droid Maxx Ultra XT1080 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Nature's Tree Camo. Motorola Droid Maxx Ultra XT1080 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Nature's Tree Camo. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Tree Bark Hunter Camouflage. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Tree Bark Hunter Camouflage. Product - OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Maxx White/Gray * Cover OEM Original. OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Maxx White/Gray * Cover OEM Original. Product - Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Verizon Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR Verizon Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 365 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-184515561, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. motorola droid ultra motorola droid maxx unlocked motorola droid maxx hd motorola moto x htc one motorola droid maxx xt1080m motorola droid razr maxx moto x. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola droid maxx. Save motorola droid maxx to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola droid maxx to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Droid MAXX 2 XT1565 4G LTE SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED Black. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) XT1565W #F246. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB Black & Blue Verizon Unlocked Smartphone !! XT1565B. Motorola Droid MAXX XT1080M 16GB Verizon - GSM Unlocked Android Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Verizon CDMA / Unlocked GSM 4G LTE. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Red (Verizon) SMALL BLUE SPOT ON SCREEN. Motorola Droid MAXX XT1080M(Verizo n) rUnlocked Smartphone Cell Phone (Page Plus). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Blue (Verizon) Smartphone XT1565 Android (#26D). 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola - DROID Maxx 2 4G LTE 16GB - Black/Deep Sea Blue Verizon UNLOCKED. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB Blue Verizon-Very Good Condition-VG23 04. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black with Blue (Verizon) Good Cond!. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Razr Maxx XT908 16GB Black (Alltel) CDMA Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB (XT1565) Verizon Wireless Blue and White Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB XT1565 Verizon Wireless Blue White Android Smartphone. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone Great!. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 II XT1565 r(Verizon) GSM Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Droid MAXX - Black (Verizon) Smartphone *bad digitizer* FREE SHIP. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 II XT1565 c(Verizon) GSM Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - White with Winter White (Verizon) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) XT1565W #F246. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Razr MAXX HD XT926 32GB 3G&4G LTE VERIZON. For Motorola Droid Maxx , Ultra Black Hybrid Hard&Rubber Rugged Armor Phone Case. Tri Shield For Motorola Droid Ultra Ultra Maxx XT1080 Hybrid Case Spring Canvas. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black with Deep Sea Blue (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (MOTXT1565) - 16GB - White - Unlocked. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola DROID MAXX, Red 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 (Verizon) 16GB White & Blue *Great Condition*. *GREAT CONDITION* MOTOROLA DROID RAZR MAXX XT912 VERIZON TOUCH SCREEN 4G LTE. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 32GB Blue(Verizon)E SN Clear Very Good Condition-(VG5 96). Motorola Droid MAXX XT1080 16GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone, SBI. OEM Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 Loud Speaker-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Motorola Droid Razr XT912 MAXX Unlocked 3G 4G Touchscreen Android smartphone 8MP. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M 16GB Verizon Wireless Android 4G LTE Smartphone. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola Shell Replacement Battery Cover for Motorola Droid Maxx 2. Rear Back Main Camera Module Flex Cable For Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 XT1225. OEM Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 Sim Card Tray-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Unlocked Smartphone-BLU E. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M Original Unlocked GSM CDMA 5.0" 10MP 16GB 4G 3G GPS. Motorola Droid Razr HD XT926/MAXX Power Volume Buttons Flex-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Open Box NEW Motorola Droid Razr Maxx XT912M Verizon 16GB Smartphone 1080P HD. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX HD XT926M 32GB GSM+CDMA 4.7" Wifi Original Unlocked. OEM Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 Ear Speaker Flex-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black Smartphone. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone with black otter box. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx HD XT926 *Parts/repair* NICE condition WORKS perfectly. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - White on White (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Original Unlocked Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M GSM + CDMA - 5.0" 32GB 4G/3G. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Used Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M 16GB Verizon Clean ESN. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Original Unlocked Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M GSM + CDMA - 5.0" 16GB 4G/3G. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M Original Unlocked GSM CDMA 5.0" 10MP 32GB 4G 3G GPS. For Parts Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) (XT1565) 8/10. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M Original Unlocked GSM CDMA 5.0" 10MP 32GB 4G 3G GPS. Motorola Droid Razr Maxx XT912 Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. New OtterBox Commuter Series Protection Case for Motorola Droid MAXX. Krofel Leather Case Cover Pouch for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 /MAXX 2/ Moto G4. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Top US Seller - 60 Day Warranty - Ships Free!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Select YOur Color~Free USA Ship. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Select YOur Color~Free USA Ship. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Forums Shop Toggle Search. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Google+ Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram RSS Tip us on news!. Are you switching to the S9/S9+? 767 Note8 vs S9+ 725 Features for Note 8 Oreo 692 Best weather radar on androud 631 Note 8 or S9+ 607 Don't you hate how narrow phones are getting?Galaxy s7 edge vs s8 comparison 420. Forum Motorola Android Phones Motorola Droid MAXX 2. News, help and discussion of the Motorola Droid MAXX 2.. 1 2 3 ... Update: 26.26.14.lux_verizon.verizon.en.US (Nougat, Dec 2017 & KRACK security patch). How to fix my Droid MAXX's Power Button?. MAXX 2 SD Memory Card Issues. last post by Bobby West1. Moving unsyncable calendar to new device.. last post by Jamie Redway. Driod Maxx 2, Adoptive storage crash. Issues with "Party Mixer" app not locating music. Why is my Moto Maxx 2's battery indicate charging but is not. How to update Android version if you have a Verizon phone and you're using it outside of U.S?. Droid Maxx 2 doesn't read micro SD card?. What would cause apps to be deleted from my Motorola Droid Maxx 2?. last post by AC Question. Phone keeps disconnecting from WiFi network?. last post by MI Miah. Motorola Droid MAXX 2 - Android Nougat Update. Moto Droid Maxx 2phone not found.... move apps to sd card in motorolla droid maxx 2. How to fix the rear camera. Which virtual reality apps will work with a Droid Maxx 2?. last post by AC Question. When I play play my music with an equalizer, why does it turn off when I go into a new song?. When I play play my music with an equalizer, why does it turn off when I go into a new song?. last post by Javier P. Which VR app is compatible with Droid Maxx 2 ?. Is it possible to go back to external storage? Adoptable is not useful.. Anyone having trouble with their Maxx2 not connecting to devices through Gizmohub?. Changed my phone number, now all my amazon apps won't open - white screen. HELP! I can't register my phone with Amazon so none of my apps work!. I need help finding a case & a screen protector for my father's MAXX 2?. Internal storage using SD card in useless. 1 2 3 ... Forum Motorola Android Phones Motorola Droid MAXX 2. Last Day Last 2 Days Last Week Last 10 Days Last 2 Weeks Last Month Last 45 Days Last 2 Months Last 75 Days Last 100 Days Last Year Beginning. Use this control to limit the display of threads to those newer than the specified time frame.. Sort threads by: Thread Title Last Post Time Thread Start Time Number of Replies Number of Views Thread Starter Thread Rating. Allows you to choose the data by which the thread list will be sorted.. Ascending Order Descending Order. Note: when sorting by date, 'descending order' will show the newest results first.. Contact Us Android Forums at AndroidCentral.com Top. The time now is 04:42 AM .. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. Mobile Nations 500M. Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner. 
Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z. Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines. Babies & Kids Car Seats Children’s Health High Chairs Strollers. Cars New & Used Cars Research Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires. Health Blood Pressure Monitors Hearing Aids Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements. Home & Garden Snow Blowers Paints Generators Mattresses. Money Car Insurance Credit Cards Luggage Homeowners Insurance. Most Popular Space Heaters Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops & Wall Ovens Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Water Heaters. Cozy Up to a Space Heater. All Product Reviews Babies & Kids. Most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car Seats Children’s Health Cribs Doctors & Hospitals Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Insect Repellent Strollers Thermometers. The Dangers of Winter Coats and Car Seats. Ratings & Recommended Cars New Cars Ratings Used Cars Ratings Best & Worst Lists. Ratings by Type Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs More. Ready to Shop All Car Buying & Pricing Advice Best New Car Deals Build & Buy Car Buying Service Used Car Marketplace. For Owners All Maintenance & Repair Car Battery Ratings Jump Starter Ratings Tire Ratings. 2018 Autos Spotlight: Best Cars of the Year & More. Most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets TVs Wireless Routers. Smartphones With the Best Battery Life. Most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Doctors & Hospitals Elliptical Exercisers Fitness Trackers Food & Drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Heart Rate Monitors Insect Repellents Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements. The Best Way to Lose Weight for You. All Product Reviews Home & Garden. Most Popular Smoke & CO Detectors Flooring Chain Saws Generators Snow Blowers Mattresses Paints Pressure Washers String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows. Most and Least Reliable Snow Blower Brands. Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Student Debt Special Report. 6 Surprising Ways to Save Money. Please call Customer Care at 1-800-333-0663. By clicking " Become a Member " you accept the terms of our. We’re so glad to have you as a member. You now have access to benefits that can help you choose right, be safe and stay informed.. This model is no longer available or might have limited distribution.. The Motorola Droid Maxx 2 is a smartphone that was tested with the Android 5.1.1 operating system. This model weighs 6 ounces, has a 5.5 inch touch screen display, a 21.4-megapixel main camera, and a 4.9-megapixel selfie camera. It is powered by an octa-core processor and 2GB of RAM. It was tested with 16GB of storage and it comes with a microSD card slot.. Unlock for unbiased ratings and reviews for products and services you use everyday. The Motorola Droid Maxx 2 is a smartphone that runs on the Android operating system. It has a 5.5-inch touch-screen display, measures 5.8 by 3.0 by 0.4 inches and weighs 6 ounces.. The Droid Maxx 2 has a 21.4-megapixel camera that can record high-definition video, a front-facing camera, and a music player. It also features a virtual QWERTY keyboard that's useful for messaging and Web searches. This phone has WiFi, Bluetooth for wireless hands-free communication, DLNA, and GPS navigation capability. Web browsing, e-mail, and texting capabilities are also included. It can act as a mobile hotspot for WiFi-enabled devices.. This Motorola phone has a standard 3.5mm jack. It has 16GB of built-in memory, and supports memory cards of up to 128GB.. Indicates the phone supports a 4G LTE (Long-Term Evolution) data network.. Indicates the phone supports international frequency bands for coverage abroad. May not be available from all providers.. These phones have built-in WiFi that gives them fast Internet and e-­mail access through home networks and WiFi hotspots. Phones can use the connection to share content, or make calls using Voice over Internet Protocol, though the latter may not be available from all providers.. Bluetooth support typically means the phone works with wireless Bluetooth headsets and most hands-free car systems, and it can wirelessly exchange pictures, contacts, and other information with other compatible Bluetooth devices, such as a computer, cell phone, speaker system, smartwatches, or printer. Not all Bluetooth phones support all these capabilities.. Indicates the phone supports NFC (Near field communication) data typically used for wireless payment such as Apple Pay and Android Pay.. Newer phones are starting to not include the standard 3.5mm headphone jack and instead are using the USB C port. This requires a different pair of headphones or an adapter if you want to continue using your favorite headphones.. Specifies, in megapixels, the maximum resolution of the rear-­facing camera.. Some phones have a built-in camera flash, which is helpful when taking pictures in dark environments.. The maximum recording resolution of the phone's primary video camera: Ultra HD (4K), 1080p, 720p, or SD (Standard Definition).. This feature allows you dial numbers from your phone book by speaking the name, without the usual training. You can also dial numbers by pronouncing the digits.. Specifies, in megapixels, the maximum resolution of the front-facing camera. A camera with a 0.3 megapixel value is also referred to as VGA. Models with an NA don't have a front-facing camera.. Useful for hands-free conversations when a headset is unavailable or impractical.. Indicates the phone has a built-in MP3 player. Most players have full capabilities, allowing you to sort or view tracks according to genre, album or artist, playlists, etc. They also typically have more than one playback option, such as repeat and shuffle. The small number of phones that lack these convenient features are rather cumbersome to use.. Phones with a built in FM radio require a special stereo headset be plugged into the phone to use the radio. The headset acts as both the audio output and the radio's antenna. This feature may not be available from all providers.. Indicates if a headset (earphones) is included. This feature may not be available from all providers.. Phones that support GPS Navigation services conveniently integrate GPS with maps and search engines to give you real-time, spoken, turn-by-turn directions to an entered address, or to help you find nearby businesses by name or category, such as Joe's Pizzeria or hospitals. We indicate which phones have GPS navigation capability. The service for nearly all models doesn’t cost extra, but on some models it can cost extra.. Shows whether or not the model has a removable battery.. Indicates the phone design: folding, rectangular, sliding, swivel, or a combination.. Available for purchase on these other service providers. The performances or features of these related phones may differ from provider to provider.. If the phone survived 50 or more drops and being submerged in 1 meter or more of water, then it is considered rugged.. Height is measured to the nearest tenth of an inch (folding phones are measured closed). This value may vary slightly by provider.. Width is measured to the nearest tenth of an inch (folding phones are measured closed). This value may vary slightly by provider.. Depth is measured to the nearest tenth of an inch (folding phones are measured closed). This value may vary slightly by provider.. Weight is measured to the nearest tenth of an ounce, with the battery installed. This value may vary slightly by provider.. Other storage capacities available at time of testing.. Total storage (gigabytes) provided, both internal and external, for the operating system, apps, content, and etc. Availability for models with multiple memory storage capacities are subject to change.. Phones that have slots that accept memory cards, typically microSD, allow you to conveniently expand storage capacity by up to 256GB, and sometimes even more. The removable card may be hard to access.. Write a review of this product to share your opinions with others.. Thank you for sharing your thoughts on this product! Please focus on the product performance and. Your review will be posted on Consumer Reports for other subscribers to view. for more information about the review process. If you'd like to report a safety problem with your product, please fill out. Please try again, in a moment. Provided by eBay Commerce Network and Amazon, Consumer Reports Price &. Shop makes it easy to find the right product from a variety of online retailers.. Price & Shop is unbiased: retailers cannot influence placement. Clicking "Shop" will take you to the retailer's website to shop for this product.. Please note that Consumer Reports collects fees from both eBay Commerce Network and Amazon for referring users.. We use 100% of these fees to support our nonprofit mission.. Consumer Reports is an independent, non-profit organization dedicated to helping consumers. Oops! You no longer have digital access to ratings and reviews.. to get the information you were looking for!. You will get digital access to reviews and ratings for over 8,000 products and services to help you make better choices for life’s big moments and the everyday ones in between.. If you feel you have received this message in error, please view our customer care. or access your account information here.. Account Settings Member Services Report a Safety Problem Career Opportunities. A-Z Index Product Index Car Index Video Index. Canada Extra en Español Media Room Newsletters Membership Ask CR. © 2006 - 2018 Consumer Reports. © 2006 - 2018 Consumer Reports. Sign in or Become a member. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors Motorola Droid Cases. Search your store by entering zip code or city, state. best_match best_seller price_low price_high rating_high new. Showing 40 of 14474 results that match your query.. Product - OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Commuter Series. 95 - $ 19. OtterBox Motorola Droid Turbo Case Commuter Series. Product - OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Black. OtterBox Commuter Series Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2, Black. Product - Moto Z Play Case, Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Case For Girls, Tekcoo [Tmajor] Retro Pattern Lovely [Paisley Blue] Bling Crystal Studded Rhinestone Adorable Rubber Plastic Sturdy Bumper Phone Cover. Price List price $ 19. Moto Z Play Case , Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Case For Girls, Tekcoo [Tmajor] Retro Pattern Lovely [Paisley Blue] Bling Crystal Studded Rhinestone Adorable Rubber Plastic Sturdy Bumper Phone Cover. Product - OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Turbo Black * Cover OEM Original. OtterBox Defender Case for Motorola Droid Turbo Black * Cover OEM Original. Product - OtterBox Motorola DROID Ultra Case Defender Series. 99 - $ 11. OtterBox Motorola DROID Ultra Case Defender Series. Product - Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Case, Encased (SlimShield Series) Ultra Thin Hybrid Cover. Price List price $ 19. Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Case , Encased (SlimShield Series) Ultra Thin Hybrid Cover. Product - Moto Z Play Case, Moto Z Play Droid Case, Tekcoo™ [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Defender Bumper Rugged Slim Hard Grip Case Cover For Motorola Moto Z Play. Price List price $ 15. Moto Z Play Case , Moto Z Play Droid Case , Tekcoo™ [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Defender Bumper Rugged Slim Hard Grip Case Cover For Motorola Moto Z Play. Product - Speck CandyShell Grip Hybrid Case for Motorola Moto Z Droid - White / Black. Price List price $ 6. Speck CandyShell Grip Hybrid Case for Motorola Moto Z Droid - White / Black. Product - OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition - Retail Packaging - REGAL (TEMPEST BLUE/FLAME RED. OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Edition - Retail Packaging - REGAL (TEMPEST BLUE/FLAME RED. Product - Droid Turbo 2 Case, PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL CLEAR CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 PHONE (aka MOTO X FORCE) XT1580 XT1585. Price List price $ 8. Droid Turbo 2 Case , PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL CLEAR CASE COVER FOR VERIZON MOTOROLA DROID TURBO 2 PHONE (aka MOTO X FORCE) XT1580 XT1585. Product - OtterBox Motorola DROID Maxx Case Commuter Series. OtterBox Motorola DROID Maxx Case Commuter Series. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Case, Atomic Series Slim Protective Kickstand Phone Cover. CoverON Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Case , Atomic Series Slim Protective Kickstand Phone Cover. Product - OtterBox Motorola DROID mini Case Commuter Series. 63 - $ 19. OtterBox Motorola DROID mini Case Commuter Series. Product - DROID Maxx 2 Case, Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For DROID Maxx 2 XT1565/ Moto X Play (2015 Release), Blue (EVO-MOTXT1565-AB202). Price List price $ 18. DROID Maxx 2 Case , Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For DROID Maxx 2 XT1565/ Moto X Play (2015 Release), Blue (EVO-MOTXT1565-AB202). Product - Moto Z2 Play Case, Motorola Z2 Play Droid Clear Case For Girls, Tekcoo [TFlower] Cute Retro Pattern Transparent [Turquoise] Adorable Ultra Slim Hard TPU Scratch-Proof Bumper Cover For Moto Z Play 2017. Price List price $ 15. Moto Z2 Play Case , Motorola Z2 Play Droid Clear Case For Girls, Tekcoo [TFlower] Cute Retro Pattern Transparent [Turquoise] Adorable Ultra Slim Hard TPU Scratch-Proof Bumper Cover For Moto Z Play 2017. Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black (EVO-MOTXT1585-AB201). Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel® Rugged Holster Dual Layer Case [Kickstand] [Belt Swivel Clip] HD Screen Protector For Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black (EVO-MOTXT1585-AB201). Product - CoverON Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Case, Explorer Series Protective Holster Belt Clip Phone Cover. CoverON Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Case , Explorer Series Protective Holster Belt Clip Phone Cover. Product - Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Turbo (1st gen) - Red/Black. Price List price $ 29. Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Turbo (1st gen) - Red/Black. Product - Moto Z Droid Case, Motorola Moto Z Droid Edition Case For Girls, Tekcoo [TFlower] Transparent [Crystal] Cute Lovely Adorable Ultra Slim Clear Hard TPU Skin Scratch-Proof Bumper Phone Cover Cases. Price List price $ 15. Moto Z Droid Case , Motorola Moto Z Droid Edition Case For Girls, Tekcoo [TFlower] Transparent [Crystal] Cute Lovely Adorable Ultra Slim Clear Hard TPU Skin Scratch-Proof Bumper Phone Cover Case s. Product - Moto Z Force Case - Armatus Gear (TM) Slim Hybrid Armor Case Protective Phone Cover for Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M (2016). Moto Z Force Case - Armatus Gear (TM) Slim Hybrid Armor Case Protective Phone Cover for Motorola Moto Z Force Droid XT1650M (2016). Product - DROID Turbo 2 Case, Evocel [Lightweight] [Slim Profile] [Dual Layer] [Smooth Finish] [Raised Lip] Armure Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Price List price $ 18. DROID Turbo 2 Case , Evocel [Lightweight] [Slim Profile] [Dual Layer] [Smooth Finish] [Raised Lip] Armure Series Phone Case for Motorola DROID Turbo 2 (XT1585/ 2015 Release), Black. Product - Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Gray w/ Black Trim. Price List price $ 6. Incipio DualPro Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Gray w/ Black Trim. Product - Moto Z Force Case, Motorola Moto Z Force Case, Tekcoo™ [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Impact Defender Rugged Slim Grip Case Cover For Moto Z Force Droid. Price List price $ 15. Moto Z Force Case , Motorola Moto Z Force Case , Tekcoo™ [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Impact Defender Rugged Slim Grip Case Cover For Moto Z Force Droid. Product - PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL BLACK/CLEAR CASE COVER FOR MOTOROLA DROID TURBO XT1254. Price List price $ 15. PUREGEAR SLIM SHELL BLACK/CLEAR CASE COVER FOR MOTOROLA DROID TURBO XT1254. Product - LifeProof fre Waterproof Case for Motorola Droid Turbo - Black. Price List price $ 142. LifeProof fre Waterproof Case for Motorola Droid Turbo - Black. Product - Motorola Droid Mini XT1030 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Black. Motorola Droid Mini XT1030 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Black. Product - Multi Purple Butterfly Pink Wallet Folio Case for Motorola DROID Turbo XT1254 Fashion Flip PU Leather Cover Card Slots & Stand. Price List price $ 24. Multi Purple Butterfly Pink Wallet Folio Case for Motorola DROID Turbo XT1254 Fashion Flip PU Leather Cover Card Slots & Stand. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. Motorola Droid Turbo 2 XT1585 STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. Product - Motorola Droid Razr M XT907 case, by Insten Rubber Silicone Soft Skin Gel Case Cover For Motorola Droid Razr M XT907. 99 - $ 6. Motorola Droid Razr M XT907 case , by Insten Rubber Silicone Soft Skin Gel Case Cover For Motorola Droid Razr M XT907. Product - Motorola droid Otterbox mini case defender series. Motorola droid Otterbox mini case defender series. Product - Moto Z Play Droid Case - Armatus Gear (TM) Slim Hybrid Armor Case Protective Cover for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid (XT1635) Verizon Wireless. Moto Z Play Droid Case - Armatus Gear (TM) Slim Hybrid Armor Case Protective Cover for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid (XT1635) Verizon Wireless. Product - OtterBox Commuter Series Dual Layer Case for Moto Z Droid - Pink. Price List price $ 13. OtterBox Commuter Series Dual Layer Case for Moto Z Droid - Pink. Product - Case for Motorola Moto Z Force Droid | Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Case for Motorola Moto Z Force Droid | Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Blue Space Specs. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Big Game Bass. Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 | Turbo 2 Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - Big Game Bass. Product - EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Rubber Hybrid Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Red/Black. EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Rubber Hybrid Hard Stand Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Red/Black. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Pink Purple Flower. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Pink Purple Flower. Product - EagleCell Hard Rubber Cover Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink. EagleCell Hard Rubber Cover Case For Motorola Droid Turbo - Hot Pink. Product - Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 | Moto X Play Hybrid Cover [ Shock Fusion ] High Impact Shock Resistant Shell Case + Kickstand - New York USA Flag. Product - Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Colorful Galaxy Specs. Motorola Droid Ultra XT1080 | Droid Maxx XT1080-M, [SNAP SHELL][White] Hard White Plastic Case with Non Slip Matte Coating with Custom Designs - Colorful Galaxy Specs. Product - Incipio Octane Impact Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Frost Blue. Price List price $ 19. Incipio Octane Impact Protective Case Cover Motorola Droid Turbo 2 - Frost Blue. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 362 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-112869483, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Droid Maxx 2. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 403 pixels per inch. The Motorola Droid Maxx 2 is powered by 1.7GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Droid Maxx 2 packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Droid Maxx 2 runs Android 5.1.1 and is powered by a 3630mAh non removable battery. It measures 148.00 x 75.00 x 10.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 169.00 grams. The Motorola Droid Maxx 2 is a single SIM (GSM + CDMA) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 With 3630mAh Battery, 21-Megapixel Camera Launched. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 detailed specifications. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 148.00 x 75.00 x 10.90 Weight (g) 169.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3630 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 403. Processor 1.7GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash No. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM + CDMA 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Droid Maxx 2. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 With 3630mAh Battery, 21-Megapixel Camera Launched. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Moto E3 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Maxx 2 vs. Motorola Droid Maxx Motorola Moto Z vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Google Pixel Xl vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 vs. Motorola Droid Maxx Motorola Droid Maxx 2 vs. Motorola Moto Maxx Intex Aqua G2 vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Motorola Droid Maxx 2 vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge vs. Apple iPhone 6 Lenovo Zuk Z2 vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Droid Maxx 2 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. Sorry, we couldn't find this page. Please check the URL for errors, search for your item via the above search bar or click one of the links below to get back on track. If you would like some assistance, please contact us here.. 2-in-1 Touchscreen Stylus & Ballpoint Pen w/Clip. Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Blue. 2in1 Phone Stand and Credit Card Holder, Black. Embossed Dream Catcher Design Wallet Case with Detachable Matching Case and Wristlet, Teal. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Droid Maxx 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. Droid maxx 2 by Cowbell_Guy. Droid Maxx 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Droid Maxx 2 General Droid Maxx 2 Accessories Droid Maxx 2 Android Development Droid Maxx 2 Original Android Development. Droid Maxx 2 Themes and Apps. 3 Here is Droid Maxx 2 using. Sent from my … 2 (quote). Bands (by … 2 I actually had a T-Mobile. SIM card and tried it out.. Coverage … 2 I just picked one up. unload an Moto X … 1 Good luck with that option enabled...... Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By Cowbell_Guy , Senior Member on 23rd October 2015, 09:16 PM. Anyone on Verizon considering this instead? I think I'm going to get out if its rootable. Sent from my XT1575 using Tapatalk 2. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2010. My Devices: Moto X Style (Pure). i wouldn't count on root any time soon for it. they barely rooted last years turbo.. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2012. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2010. My Devices: HTC Droid Incredible , HP TouchPad , Verizon Galaxy Nexus Android Development , Moto X , Sony Xperia X Compact. Once I switch to the new plans I won't really have a need for root. The slightly smaller size and better battery life may be worth it. Sent from my XT1060 using Tapatalk. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2010. I'm done with Verizon's locked bootloader non root crap. good luck having a droid branded phone have an unlocked bootloader lmfao. Sent from my Moto X Pure Edition. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2013. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2013. I'm considering it, but I would like to do some more comparisons with the Pure and Nexus 6P. Sent from my LG-H901 using Tapatalk. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2011. i have droid maxx 1, non dev edition, bootloader unlocked via sunshine. I'm done with Verizon's locked bootloader non root crap. good luck having a droid branded phone have an unlocked bootloader lmfao. Sent from my Moto X Pure Edition. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2012. I'm considering it because I might receive one as compensation for a debt (long story, lol). I'm also looking at the Case-Mate Tough Case (black) for it. I like the fact that the Maxx 2 doesn't have a Verizon logo on the front and the back can be switched out for a Moto X Play cover. I know the bootloader situation will take time (6-12 months) but I'm in no hurry because I have my trusty Skyrocket running smoothly on Tipsy OS LP 5.1.1 for the time being. Sent from my SAMSUNG-SGH-I727 using XDA Free mobile app. The Following User Says Thank You to dave157 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2010. My Devices: Verizon Samsung Galaxy S6 , LG G4 , Motorola Droid Maxx 2 , LG Leon. I just picked one up yesterday. I was trying to unload an Moto X 2013 on swappa and no one was biting. This was just my backup phone. Verizon trade in offered me $300 for it by purchasing the Maxx 2. Now I have a newer backup phone and I got twice what I was trying to sell my Moto X for. So far it a very nice mid ranger. I like the feel in the hand. Haven't had it long enough to gauge battery life yet but no doubt it will be better than my Galaxy S6. Also noticed it's StageFright vulnerable out the box. Hope Motorola doesn't decide not to update this phone like it decided on with the 2014 Moto X. There's an option in Dev settings that says Allow OEM Unlocking Allow the bootloader to be unlocked. Don't know if that would allow for root soon on this phone. Sent from my XT1565 using Tapatalk. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to el6006 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. cashmaster5 (30th August 2016) , dave157 (8th November 2015). Join Date: Joined: Jun 2012. Maybe this will catch the attention of the devs and help spur development of this phone. Sent from my SAMSUNG-SGH-I727 using XDA Free mobile app. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Droid Maxx 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting by ThreadRank. [ROM][7.1.2_r29][OFFICIAL][santoni] AospExtended ROM V4.5 for Redmi 4[4X] [OMS/DUI]. [APP][PORT]LineageOS 15.1 Trebuchet (Laucher) for any ROM. [APP][ROOT] Pixel Launcher Mods - Icon Packs & more for the STOCK Pixel Launcher. [Tutorials] How To Root Lenovo K8 Note & Install TWRP(UnOfficial) + Stock Rom. A quick tutorial of installing Windows RT 8.1 on recent Lumia. Windows Phone 8 Development and Hacking. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. Droid Maxx 2 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. Droid maxx 2 by Cowbell_Guy. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat3 100/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 137.5 x 71.2 x 8.5 mm (5.41 x 2.80 x 0.33 in). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~70.4% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean), upgradable to 4.4.4 (KitKat), planned upgrade to 5.0 (Lollipop). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Black, High Gloss Red, Black with Chrome Accents. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola DROID Maxx - user opinions and reviews. My droid maxx dropped calls everytime I trying to call someone. Just happened today, I have turn it off, trying safe mode, all to no avail. What should I do, is it a HARDWARE problems?. Great phone!After 4 years stiil works like a charm and battery life still holding 1-2 days. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E4. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=16793. Review: Motorola Droid Maxx 2 for Verizon Wireless. The Maxx 2 is the less expensive of Motorola's two new Droid handsets for Verizon Wireless, but it is still a competitive offering. This Android smartphone impresses with excellent build quality and a battery that delivers on Motorola's promises. If you need an Android handset that goes the distance, the Maxx 2 should be at the top of your shopping list. Here is Phone Scoop's full report.. The Droid Maxx 2 is a significant update to the Droid Maxx and offers Verizon customers an excellent mid-range option to more expensive flagships. It boasts interchangeable rear panels, a huge battery, and rapid charging. If you're a fan of the Droid line, don't need the shatterproof Turbo 2, and desire unparalleled battery life, the Maxx 2 is worth a look.. Pointing out the differences between the Droid Maxx 2, Turbo 2, and Moto X Pure Edition is tough to do from several feet away. All three phones share a significant number of design elements and features. Perhaps the biggest giveaway is that the M2 doesn't have the stylized Verizon "V" logo on the front like the T2 does. Otherwise, you're looking at a trio of phones that can easily be mistaken for one another.. The core design includes an aluminum frame along the outer edge, white/black glass panel on front, and selectable colors for the rear. The camera module is contained in a metal housing, and the edges are tapered a bit to help the phone fit better in your hand.. Motorola isn't giving potential M2 customers quite the same level of customization as the Turbo 2. It's not available via Moto Maker; instead, you can purchase the handset and opt for additional, interchangeable rear covers. There are seven to choose from.. The Maxx 2 is a big phone, but not quite as huge as the T2 (those millimeters do count.) The display measures 5.5 inches, which puts it deep into phablet territory. I found it fits into pockets somewhat easier than the Turbo 2 thanks to the curvier contour of the rear panel. The Maxx 2 is actually 1.8mm thicker than the Turbo 2, but the shape is much slimmer at the edges, which helps tremendously. The Maxx 2 is just as heavy as the Turbo 2, which is surprising, given the standard display and slightly smaller battery.. Build quality and materials are top-notch. Everything about the M2 is fitted tightly together. I like the combination of different textures (glass, metal, and soft-grip) and the phone feels very strong.. The front surface is not too chaotic. The Maxx 2's glass is curved slightly where it joins the side edges of the metal frame. This smoothes out the seam a bit. The frame forms lips along the top and bottom edges of the glass, however. The overall feel around the edges is better on the newest Moto X.. Above the display, you'll note the selfie cam, speaker grille, and a single sensor. A second speaker grille fills the space below the screen. There are no hardware buttons on the front of the phone.. The screen lock button is located on the right side of the phone, within the metal frame. It has a nice, ribbed texture so it stands apart from the volume toggle, which is located below it. I like the travel and feedback of both these controls, but I thought the screen lock button was a little wobbly. I also wish the volume toggle were a little bit longer; that would make it easier to use. The SIM tray and headphone jack are on top. The SIM tray includes a slot for memory cards. The USB port is on the bottom.. The Maxx 2's camera module closely resembles that of the Moto X; it is a metal ellipse with the camera lens at one end and the indented Motorola logo at the other. The two-tone flash is in between.. As noted, the soft-grip rear cover snaps off in order to customize the look, but there's nothing accessible beneath it; the battery is sealed in tight. The panel has a wavy design on it that adds texture. I found I was able to hold onto the phone tightly even when going for a jog.. The Maxx 2 is water-resistant thanks to a nanocoating spritzed across the phone's innards. This is standard fare for a Motorola handset. It can handle sweat, rain, and some light splashing, but it won't be happy about going for a swim. Keep it out of the pool.. The Maxx 2 is a fine piece of hardware.. The biggest difference between the Turbo 2 and the Maxx 2 is the display. The Turbo 2 has a 5.4-inch, quad HD AMOLED screen protected by Motorola's ShatterShield. The Maxx 2 has a 5.5-inch full HD LCD panel protected by Gorilla Glass. In other words, the Maxx 2 has the more standard screen.. The Maxx 2's LCD panel produces significantly more light than the Turbo 2's AMOLED screen, and even though it has fewer pixels, the M2's display is clearer and sharper to the naked eye. The Turbo 2's ShatterShield technology has negative trade-offs in brightness and sharpness. The result is that the Maxx 2's screen looks better, despite its technically inferior specs. I was able to use it indoors and out with no problem, and viewing angles are good for an LCD screen.. The Maxx 2 maintained a tight connection to Verizon's network in and around New York City. The phone consistently connected calls on the first dial, even in areas with weak coverage. The M2 did not drop nor miss any calls while I reviewed it, and the phone kept a call going at highway speeds without problem.. Data performance was solid across LTE networks. I was not disappointed with its performance and found the M2 great for everyday use when surfing the web, browsing through Facebook, and watching YouTube videos. The Maxx 2 performs at the same level most handsets do on Verizon's network.. The Maxx 2 is a mediocre voice phone. When calls are made the old-fashioned way over Verizon's legacy voice network, earpiece volume was lacking and quality was muddy at best. I was able to understand calls in my home and stationary car, but coffee shops, restaurants, and other public spaces easily overpowered the anemic amplifier in the earpiece. I'd have been less disappointed if clarity was good, but it's not.. Volume and clarity go downhill a bit. I was not able to hold a conversation in a moving car, for example.. Things improve a bit when you connect calls over LTE using Verizon's HD Voice service. Earpiece and speakerphone volume isn't any better, but clarity is much better. In order for HD calls to work, both parties need to have LTE coverage and Verizon's Advanced Calling app on board.. Ringers and alerts are good enough, and the vibrate always got my attention.. The Droid Maxx is called the Droid Maxx because it offers maximum battery life. The phone has an incredible 3,630 mAh power supply. While that's a bit smaller than the Turbo 2's battery, the Maxx's less-hungry processor and lower-resolution screen help deliver better battery life. Motorola claims the Maxx 2 can remain up and running for 48 hours. According to my mixed usage tests, that's about accurate. It easily outlasted the Turbo 2 by 4 or 5 hours. The Maxx 2 lasted from breakfast one day to bedtime the next. This is about as good as you're going to get from any modern smartphone.. The M2 supports rapid charging, but not wireless charging. The TurboCharger that ships with the phone can deliver 7 hours of battery life in just 10 minutes. In other words, the M2 doesn't need to be plugged in all that often.. Motorola didn't bother to give the M2 an advanced battery saver tool; instead, it ships only with the Android system battery saver, which can be controlled manually to reduce power consumption.. The M2 includes the usual selection of radios for connecting to various devices and networks. The Bluetooth radio functioned perfectly as far as pairing with and connecting to speakers and headphones was concerned. Calls were pretty rough via Bluetooth in my car. Music sounded good through my favorite Bluetooth speaker, however. The NFC radio worked great for aiding Bluetooth pairings.. Together with Google Maps, the M2's GPS radio located me quickly and accurately. The WiFi radio didn't give me any trouble whatsoever.. Hands On with the Motorola Droid Maxx 2 for Verizon. The Maxx 2 from Motorola is the less expensive of Verizon's two new Droids, but it is no less compelling. The phone offers incredible battery life, customizable rear shells, and specs to spare.. Droid Maxx 2 Boasts 2-Day Battery Life. Motorola and Verizon today announced the Droid Maxx 2, which claims to offer people "maximum battery life" thanks to the 3630mAh power cell. The Maxx 2 provides 48 hours of use, and the TurboCharge feature can provide 8 hours of battery life after just 15 minutes plugged into a charger.. Review: Motorola Droid Turbo 2 for Verizon Wireless. The Turbo 2 is the most advanced Droid Motorola has ever created for Verizon Wireless. The handset boasts an "unbreakable" screen and two days of battery life, making it ideal for clumsy oafs who need all-day power.. Review: Motorola Z Droid, Z Force Droid for Verizon Wireless. Motorola's flagship smartphones for 2016 are the Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid for Verizon Wireless. These Android smartphone are unique thanks to their slim, metal designs and swappable modular back panels.. Motorola Debuts New Droid Zs with Swappable Back Modules. Motorola today announced two new smartphones, the Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid, both of which adopt a modular design that allows users to enhance them with attachable accessories. The phones are spiritual successors to last year's Turbo 2 and Maxx 2 handsets, but take on new design language in addition to support for the Moto Mods modules.. 2 GB RAM 3,630 mAh battery. Memory Card Slot, NFC, Water-Resistant, Headphone Jack (3.5mm). Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Moto Z Play | Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force | Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z | Z Droid Cases. Galaxy S II (Global & AT&T) Cases. LIMITED TIME SALE 10% OFF - ENTER CODE "CASES" AT CHECKOUT. Sign in or Create an account. All prices are in USD. Moto Z Play | Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force | Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z | Z Droid Cases. Galaxy S II (Global & AT&T) Cases. iPhone 6 / 6S Plus Cases. iPhone 5 / 5S / SE Cases. iPad mini / 2 / 3 Cases. iPad 2 / 3 / 4 Cases. MacBook Pro 13" w/ Retina Display. MacBook Pro 15" w/ Retina Display. BlackBerry Bold 9900 / 9930 Cases. Moto Z Play / Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force / Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z / Z Droid Cases. Home Motorola Cases DROID MAXX 2 Cases. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Case-mate NKD Tough Case - Clear With Clear Bumper. Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn GooglePlus Instagram. Moto Z Play | Z Play Droid Cases. Moto Z Force | Z Force Droid Cases. Moto Z | Z Droid Cases. Galaxy S II (Global & AT&T) Cases. Piel Frama PDair Incipio Laut OtterBox Speck Spigen Kate Spade SwitchEasy Case-Mate. Questions? Give us a call: 1 (877) 255-8766. 
Shop accessories for other smartphones with one cart:. Need help? Call (888) 468-6158. More Popular Motorola Droid MAXX Accessories. Motorola Droid MAXX Best Selling Accessories. 75% Never Miss A Deal Get Deal Alerts!. Samsung 5ft Micro-USB Charging Data Cable for Motorola Droid MAXX It's always a great idea to have a spare micro-USB charging data cable handy in case of an emergency or even if you just need to share one with a friend!. You Save $14.99 (75% Off) Only while stocks last!. 56% Never Miss A Deal Get Deal Alerts!. Samsung 2A Adaptive Fast Charging Micro-USB Wall Charger for Motorola Droid MAXX Boost your battery life faster than you've ever seen before with this OEM wall charger from Samsung!. You Save $19.74 (56% Off) Only while stocks last!. Ventev 2.1A Global Charging Hub 300 for Motorola Droid MAXX Ventev global charging hub 300 is a USB hub capable of charging devices across 150 countries. iFixit Pro Tech Toolkit for Motorola Droid MAXX High Performance Toolkit for All Things Repair. Completely re-engineered to provide all the tools that you need, and none that you don't. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (0.2m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX Seidio’s Micro USB Type-B high connectivity cable is a great way to keep your Motorola Droid MAXX charged and updated for use. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (1.0m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX Seidio’s Micro USB Type-B high connectivity cable is a great way to keep your Motorola Droid MAXX charged and updated for use. BlackBerry 12600mAh High Capacity Mobile Power Charger (MP-12600) for Motorola Droid MAXX The BlackBerry MP-12600 Mobile Power charger's high capacity provides reliable power to extend your productivity. Enhance the productivity of your Motorola Droid MAXX by adding quality accessories. We carry Stylus , Car Kits & Mounts , Batteries , Toys , Photography , Tools , Other Products , Chargers & Cables , Headsets , Cradles , and much more!. Best Selling Motorola Droid MAXX Accessories. iFixit Pro Tech Toolkit for Motorola Droid MAXX. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (0.2m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (1.0m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX. BlackBerry 12600mAh High Capacity Mobile Power Charger (MP-12600) for Motorola Droid MAXX. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (2.0m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX. Huawei Micro-USB 2A Travel Charger for Motorola Droid MAXX. Ventev 2.1A Global Charging Hub 300 for Motorola Droid MAXX. Samsung Micro-USB 5ft Charging Data Cable for Motorola Droid MAXX. NoiseHush AS10 3.5mm Audio Splitter for Motorola Droid MAXX. Samsung Fast Charge Wireless Charging Stand for Motorola Droid MAXX. Ventev Desktop Charging Hub s500 for Motorola Droid MAXX. TYLT VÜ Blade Fast Wireless Charger for Motorola Droid MAXX Free Shipping. #2 Motorola Droid MAXX Screen Protectors. Gadget Guard Black Ice Edition Liquid Screen Guard for Motorola Droid MAXX. #3 Motorola Droid MAXX Other Products. Ventev Soft-Touch Stylus for Motorola Droid MAXX. Ventev Stylus Pro for Motorola Droid MAXX. Lynktec TruGlide Pro Precision Stylus for Motorola Droid MAXX. Lynktec TruGlide Stylus with Clip for Motorola Droid MAXX. #5 Motorola Droid MAXX Car Kits & Mounts. iOttie Active Edge Bike & Bar Mount for Motorola Droid MAXX. BlackBerry 12600mAh High Capacity Mobile Power Charger (MP-12600) for Motorola Droid MAXX. Lynktec 5300 mAh Reeljuice 3X Portable Power Bank + USB Charging Module for Motorola Droid MAXX. Lynktec 8000 mAh Reeljuice 5X Portable Power Bank + USB Charging Module for Motorola Droid MAXX. Seidio 8000mAh Charging Vault for Motorola Droid MAXX. Ventev 2-in-1 3000mAh powercell 3015+ Portable Battery and Wall Charger Combo for Motorola Droid MAXX. Mobi Products Personal Fan (Micro-USB) for Motorola Droid MAXX. #8 Motorola Droid MAXX Chargers & Cables. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (0.2m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (1.0m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX. Seidio MicroUSB Cable (2.0m) 2-Pack for Motorola Droid MAXX. Huawei Micro-USB 2A Travel Charger for Motorola Droid MAXX. Ventev 2.1A Global Charging Hub 300 for Motorola Droid MAXX. Ventev 3A Type C Dashport r2400 Car Charger. Get help, news and reviews for your Android Phone through our comprehensive blog and growing community.. Deal Alerts & Offers Order Support Order Status Technical Support Shipping Methods Returns Enterprise About Us Contact Us. ShopAndroid is part of Smartphone Experts USA. All prices in US Dollars We gladly accept. Expert advice available weekdays 9am-5pm ET at (888) 468-6158. "You are the most customer service friendly site I have bought from in months. I am going to enjoy ordering supplies from you in the future.". is an independent site that is not affiliated with or endorsed by any major manufacturer. Copyright 2018 Smartphone Experts USA LLC Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy. 
