GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 17(700). LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 17(700) - XT1225. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 143.5 x 73.3 x 8.3 - 11.2. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~70.9% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~565 ppi density). Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to 6.0.1 (Marshmallow). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Also known as Motorola Moto Turbo. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto Maxx - user opinions and reviews. I have Moto Maxx xt1250 and data is turned on and it will not connect is there a reset or something ...Took it in and they said they could wipe it but didn't know if that would work. when no command then press power button and volume up and release quickly. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Droid Turbo 2. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Hands on: Motorola Moto Maxx review: Motorola takes the world by storm. During an event in Sao Paulo, Motorola has officially announced the Moto Maxx , the international version of the Droid Turbo (which is the exclusive model of US carrier Verizon). We rocketed to Brazil for a hands-on review of the Moto Maxx, and our first impressions were very positive.. Motorola Moto Maxx design and build quality. The device isn't one of the thinnest, however it's the thinnest with this battery capacity! / © ANDROIDPIT. Like the Droid Turbo, the Moto Maxx chassis closely resembles the Droid Maxx but has little resemblance to the rest of the Moto line in the Moto G (2014) and Moto X (2014). The handset comes with a textured premium ballistic nylon backing, which is resistant to scratches and scuffs, with a layer of Kevlar fiber, the same material used for bulletproof vests. In addition, the device is also protected inside and out with a water repellent nano coating which makes it spill-resistant, but not waterproof. The Maxx would be able to cope well in about 20 minutes of rain but you wouldn't want to submerge it for long.. Motorola’s latest international star also has a really good grip. It is a little heavier than most phones, but in return for this you get amazing battery life. Nonetheless, I still found it to be quite elegant and ergonomic.. The QHD 5.2-inch display on the Moto Maxx is immaculate. The 5.2-inch display of the Moto Maxx uses Gorilla Glass technology and nothing less than a Quad HD resolution (2,560 x 1,440 pixels), which gives you the incredible density of 565 pixels. It’s definitely the very best on the market when it comes to screens for smartphones. Incidentally, the screen quality is superior to Moto X (2014) and even the Nexus 6 .. The Moto Maxx includes Android 4.4.4 KitKat right out of the box, and logically will receive the Android 5.0 Lollipop update very soon, which has also been confirmed by Motorola. The software of the Moto Maxx is very similar to that of the entire Moto line, ie, it’s practically stock Android without any extreme changes by the manufacturer. This means that it comes with the same voice services found in the Moto X (2014), as well as many Motorola specific apps, like Moto Assist, Moto Alert, Moto Migrate etc. The latter allows you to migrate your contacts and other data from your previous Android and iOS devices. You could say that the Moto Maxx is powered by the Moto X (2014)!. The Moto Maxx comes with one of the most powerful processors on the market, the Snapdragon 805, which is a quad-core processor clocked at 2.7 GHz. In addition, the handset comes with 3 GB of RAM and 64 GB of internal memory. If you take into consideration that the device runs on Android 4.4.4 with a stock Android user interface, without the weight of a manufacturer UI, it’s easy to see how the user experience is very fluid, which I could tell right away. During my one hour test, the Moto Maxx didn’t lag or crash.. The Moto Maxx camera can record videos in 4K! / © ANDROIDPIT. The back-facing camera comes with a 21 MP sensor, dual-LED flash, is able to record videos in 4K and lets you make collages with the stock camera app. Moreover, it works with the software found in recent releases from Motorola , notably the Moto X (2014), such as Quick Capture and Highlights for videos. In addition, it also includes the wrist flick gesture to launch the camera from the lock screen. The camera sensor on the Moto Maxx is manufactured by Sony and delivers excellent picture quality.. Moto Maxx release date / Moto Maxx price. A huge wow factor on the Moto Maxx is the battery: 3,900 mAh! According to the manufacturer, the Moto Maxx, as well as the Droid Turbo, promise to deliver up to 40 hours of use without needing to find a charger. In addition, Motorola has been focusing its efforts on charging speed: they can charge up to 6 hours of use in only 15 minutes, thanks to the Motorola Turbo Charger. In Brazil, this charger comes in the Moto Maxx box. The manufacturer claims that this is the most powerful battery among all the smartphones available in the market today.. The Moto Maxx release date is November 5th in the Brazilian market. The Moto Maxx price is R$2,199.00. The Moto maxx in other markets will begin in mid-November for Mexico and other South American countries. We have yet to hear about the European and UK release dates and price or if the device may make it to the US for use on other carriers.. 143.5 x 73.3 x 11.2 mm. 2560 x 1440 pixels (696 ppi). During the launch event, Motorola's CEO, Rick Osterloh, said the company's strategy is based on two pillars: power and price. This translates into the Moto Maxx. The new smartphone offers QHD resolution, a quad-core processor clocked at 2.7GHz and one of the largest battery capacities on the market at a suggested price of R $2,199.00. During the test, the impression I got is that this is simply an upgraded Moto X with better specs that are worth the higher price. If the Moto X (2014) must be considered Motorola’s flagship device, it’s safe to say the the Moto Maxx is a definite runner up.. So, what did you think of the Moto Maxx? Will it compete with the new Moto X and the Nexus 6?. This is the ugliest phone I've seen in a loooong time.. Best cell phone I've ever used! Bought it for $700 from Fusion Electronix because AT&T offers the best data plans but doesn't carry this phone yet. Verizon, the only carrier currently offering this phone in the US, are thieves. Their 3GB plan cost $30 more a month than AT&T. Even if Verizon gave me this phone, I'll still save by staying with AT&T, plus it's an unlocked GSM phone which is great for travel.. This is the ugliest phone I've seen in a loooong time.. Looks are subjective, but I suppose it's safe to say that it's certainly not BEAUTIFUL... But, hey - with function like this, who needs looks? This thing will do the job and then some! The only thing missing from this phone is a pair of front-facing stereo speakers that actually sound good! Do a version of this phone with those, and I'm sold (HTC, take note)!. This is the ugliest phone I've seen in a loooong time.. MWC 2018 live updates: Sony shakes up the Xperia XZ2 design. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola moto maxx. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola moto maxx. Save motorola moto maxx to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola moto maxx to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Armor Rugged Shockproof Case Cover Hard For Motorola Droid Maxx 2/Moto X Play. Motorola Moto X Play 3a Dual Droid Maxx 2 Battery XT1562/3/5 FL40 3425mAh + Tool. Moto RAZR Maxx XT908 16GB Black (Bluegrass) Smartphone-Goo d Condition-GD97 21. New 3D Diamond Crystal Bling Leather Wallet Case Flip Cover For Motorola Moto. Fit MOTOROLA Moto Fusion Hybrid Kickstand Rugged Protector Case Black. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case - Hard Diamond Bling Phone Cover. OEM For Motorola Moto Maxx/Turbo 5.2" LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer W Frame. CoverON Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Cover + Belt Holster. OtterBox Defender Moto Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Case w/Holster Belt Clip (Black). 2 new & refurbished from $18.99. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Kickstand Protective Phone Cover. For Motorola Moto Maxx - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case - Kickstand Cover + Holster. RICARDSSON REAL GENUINE LEATHER BELT LOOP HOLSTER POUCH CASE FOR MOBILE PHONES. 3Lyr Holster Stand Covr Case MOTOROLA XT1254 XT1250 XT1225 Moto Maxx Droid Turbo. For Motorola Moto X Play XT1561/Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 Hybrid Kickstand Case. SLIM CREASED GENUINE LEATHER POCKET CASE COVER POUCH SLEEVE FOR MOBILE PHONES. RICARDSSON GENUINE REAL LEATHER BELT LOOP HOLSTER POUCH CASE - RANGE OF MODELS. For Motorola Moto MAXX XT1225 Book Magnetic Card Wallet PU Leather Case Cover. CoverON® for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Hybrid Stand Armor Cover. CoverON® for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Diamond Bling Phone Cover. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Pink / Black Case Protective Shock Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $2.50. Motorola Moto Droid Maxx 2 Verizon Belt Clip Holster Case Built in Stand Black. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Hard Slim Design Phone Cover. Motorola Droid Turbo Case | XT1254 Moto Maxx [Slim Duo] Hard Shell Snap On... Sports Armband for Motorola Droid Turbo 2 , Moto X Force and MAXX + Key... For Motorola Moto X Play / Droid MAXX 2 Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector. 3 new & refurbished from $1.76. 8 colors Outdoor Sports Running Gym Fitness Armband Arm Case Cover For Phones. Ballistic Tough Jacket MAXX Case-Motorola Moto E Black. TurtleArmor | Motorola Droid Turbo Case XT1254 Moto Maxx [Slim Duo] Fitted... 2 new & refurbished from $33.56. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Kickstand Protective Phone Cover. 4in1 10x Zoom Fish Eye Wide angle Macro lenses Telephoto Lens Clip For Phone. For MOTOROLA MOTO MAXX XT1225 Bling Glittery PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Hybrid Leather Wallet Pouch Case Flip Cover. Motorola Moto Droid Maxx 2 Verizon Belt Clip Holster Case Built in Stand Black. For MOTOROLA MOTO MAXX XT1225 Oracle Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. 100X Optical Zoom Phone LED Microscope Lens With Clip For Universal Cell Phones. For Motorola Moto Maxx - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. Universal White 65X Optical Zoom LED Camera Microscope Lens Clip For Cell Phones. TurtleArmor | Motorola Droid Turbo Case XT1254 Moto Maxx [Slim Duo] Ultra... Motorola Droid Turbo Case | XT1254 Moto Maxx [Slim Duo] Compact Fit Hard... STUFF4 Back Case/Cover/Ski n for Motorola Moto Maxx/Paint Splatter. NEW Universal 65X Optical Zoom LED Camera Microscope Lens+Clip For Cell Phones. Zip Wallet Magnetic Leather Cover Flip Phone Wallet Case For Motorola Models. HOT Clip-on 12x Optical Zoom HD Telescope Camera Lens For Universal Mobile Phone. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Gray Hybrid Hard Cover. For Motorola Moto Maxx Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. For Motorola Moto Maxx - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Black Case Protective Shock Proof Cover. 3 new & refurbished from $2.50. Retro Leather Multi-function Vertical Zipper Wallet Belt Loop Case Double Pocket. 12x Optical Zoom HD Telescope Telephoto Camera Lens +Clip For iPhone Cell Phones. 12v Mini Bullet USB Single Port In Car Charging Adaptor Connector for Motorola. For MOTOROLA MOTO MAXX XT1225 Diamond PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. Retro Leather Multi-function Zipper Wallet Belt Loop Case Cover for Cell Phone. 12x Optical Zoom HD Telescope Telephoto Camera Lens Clip on For Various Phones. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / Moto X Play Case Tough Hybrid Armor Kickstand Cover. For Motorola Droid Turbo XT1254 | Motorola Moto Maxx SnapOn Case Unique Designs. CoverON® for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Moto X Play Case HexaGuard Series Hard Cover. Soft Gel TPU Rubber Case Cover Skin For Motorola Moto Maxx/Droid Turbo XT1225. 3200mAh Internal Battery EV40 SNN5913A for Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD XT926M. Customs services and international tracking provided. Handmade in EU from real genuine leather with belt loop. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto Maxx. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto Maxx smartphone was launched in November 2014. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels at a PPI of 565 pixels per inch. The Motorola Moto Maxx is powered by 2.7GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto Maxx packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto Maxx runs Android 4.4.4 and is powered by a 3900mAh non removable battery. It measures 143.50 x 73.30 x 11.20 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 176.00 grams. The Motorola Moto Maxx is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Motorola Moto Maxx India Launch Teased by Flipkart. Android 5.0 Lollipop Rollout Begins for Limited Moto E, Moto Maxx Users. Motorola Moto Maxx With 3900mAh Battery, 5.2-Inch QHD Display Launched. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Release date November 2014 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 143.50 x 73.30 x 11.20 Weight (g) 176.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3900 Removable battery No Colours Black. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 565. Processor 2.7GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 RAM 3GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 2-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto Maxx. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Motorola Moto Maxx India Launch Teased by Flipkart. Android 5.0 Lollipop Rollout Begins for Limited Moto E, Moto Maxx Users. Motorola Moto Maxx With 3900mAh Battery, 5.2-Inch QHD Display Launched. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Sony Xperia Z3 Motorola Moto Turbo vs. Motorola Moto Maxx Motorola Moto E4 vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Samsung Galaxy J5 vs. Motorola Moto Maxx Motorola Droid Maxx 2 vs. Motorola Moto Maxx Samsung Galaxy On7 2016 vs. Motorola Moto Maxx Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Ze601kl vs. LG G3 Oneplus X vs. Motorola Moto Maxx Motorola Moto Maxx vs. Nokia Lumia 930 Motorola Moto Maxx vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto Maxx in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Motorola Moto Maxx - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 17 18 ». I have Moto Maxx xt1250 and data is turned on and it will not connect is there a reset or something ...Took it in and they said they could wipe it but didn't know if that would work. Rubt, 25 May 2017 good day all,. pls how can one hard reset moto maxx 4G?. have tried the key combinatios, but ... more when no command then press power button and volume up and release quickly. Kunal, 28 May 2017 Is Moto maxx support OTG Yes.. pls how can one hard reset moto maxx 4G?. have tried the key combinatios, but after selecting recovery mode, next I see is android logo with exclamation mark saying NO COMMAND. pls what should I do at this point?. Magi1991, 28 Oct 2016 Hello guys. My moto maxx cant charging fast :(. more maybe there is an issue with usb port. I had the same issue with turbo charging and I finally replaced that port, and problem solved!. Shaniiizz, 23 Feb 2017 Hy guys m shani from pakistan. Plz tell me about which is best moto x 2nd generation nd moto... more Moto turbo 2 is best 1. rickrive, 08 Mar 2017 i own a moto maxx xt 225 with android 4,4( kit kat) it is working very nice and i love it. more yes of course there are benefits when upgrading to Marshmallow. Better battery life performance improvement and we can select different wifi from notification panel itself and there are many more. PS: new is always better *Barney Stinson :). Is Assassin creed identity available for moto max ?. rickrive, 08 Mar 2017 i own a moto maxx xt 225 with android 4,4( kit kat) it is working very nice and i love it. more I own this phone unfortunately I broke the screen :(. Powerful it is and has Android 5.1 when arrived. Always try to see if 6 was available but I guess only for some markets so got message that device is up to date.. i own a moto maxx xt 225 with android 4,4( kit kat) it is working very nice and i love it. would be of any benefit upgrading it? if so. how can i upgrade it to 6.01 marsmallow thank you. Hy guys m shani from pakistan. Plz tell me about which is best moto x 2nd generation nd moto turbo droid max. Hi, I received Android Security Update Today, It was May 2016 Security Update which was installed in My Mobile and now the Update which I received is September 2016 Update. After 9 Months Motorola has sent Security Update. Does anyone has received Android Security Update in India. i tried :/ still the same , please how can i update my device to MARSHMALLOW ?. Rami Koutayni, 27 Dec 2016 how can i update my device if when i click on check for update Appears " our device's software... more Try updating moto update app in play store first. Its really hard to believe that Motorola is not doing justice to it's own high-end devices. Motorola Moto Maxx is launched at 42.5 K In India but totally forgetton by Moto with in a month. It was so forgotten that even devices launched @ 1/3 of its price got the VOLTE support in India but this device is still awaiting for the same from past 6 months..there is no roadmap for the same nor for further upgrades. Still, there is no revert from Moto at all ..no wonder, people in India totally lost faith in Moto and Lenovo and moving towards Mi and oneplus brands as they know both of them will do justice to their devices and release periodical updates...Shame on Motorola.... Ranbir, 26 Dec 2016 Yes how can i update my device if when i click on check for update Appears " our device's software is up to date ". Rami Koutayni, 17 Dec 2016 Does anyone have Marshmallow ? Yes. Ranbir, 22 Oct 2016 Hi Guys, Does anyone has any idea, how to check 4G on Moto Turbo XT1225 if 4g is working or no... more Yes, Airtel 4G works perfectly on Moto Turbo 64GB. I am using this mobile since long time and its just perfect. Pages: 1 2 3 … 17 18 ». Total of 346 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto Maxx .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Droid Turbo 2. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Motorola Moto Maxx is a high spec Android smartphone, released in November 2014. It's the global version of the Droid Turbo, a US Verizon carrier exclusive device. The Moto Maxx has a 5.2" QHD OLED display, 2.7GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor, and 3GB of RAM. It comes with 64GB internal storage, though lacks a removable storage slot. The rear shooter comes in at 21MP while the front selfie shooter is a lowly 2MP. The Motorola Moto Maxx is powered by a large 3900mAh non-removable battery, with Qi-enabled fast charging capability.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Moto Maxx Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. Rom List : Motorola Moto Maxx. Moto Maxx General Moto Maxx Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Moto Maxx Accessories Moto Maxx Android Development Moto Maxx Original Android Development Moto Maxx Themes and Apps. Most Active Motorola Moto Maxx Topics. [TOOLS][All quark] MultiROM_TWRP [TWRP 3.1.1_Mod_3][MR 35][20171111]. [ROM][7.1.2_r36][UNOFFICIAL] LineageOS with OMS patches for Quark. UPDATED GUIDE: How to unlock your MOTO MAXX/MOTO TURBO bootloader/install TWRP/root. NEW 2017 Phones to replace 2014 Quark (Droid Turbo/Moto Turbo/Moto Maxx)?. [GUIDE] Recover Moto Maxx from HARD BRICK. Moto Maxx Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. For Moto Maxx/DROID TURBO, What is the best filesystem, ext4 or f2fs?. How Moto Actions detects wave to wake. Camera 2 API for Portrait Mode Moto XT1225. More Moto Maxx Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Threads. Ballistic Nylon cases for the Moto Maxx/Moto Turbo. Tempered Glass for Moto Turbo XT1225 in India(Hyderabad). [ROM][7.1.2_r36][UNOFFICIAL] LineageOS with OMS patches for Quark. [ROMs][Quarks][List for Moto Maxx/Moto Turbo and Droid Turbo]. [Kernel][All Quark]BHB27-Kernel[5.1.1][6.0.1][7.x.x] For Custom and Stock ROM's. More Moto Maxx Android Development Threads. [RECOVERY][OFFICIAL TWRP 3.1.1][For all Quark][Moto Maxx/Turbo and Droid Turbo]. [TOOLS][All quark] MultiROM_TWRP [TWRP 3.1.1_Mod_3][MR 35][20171111]. [Moto MAXX XT1225 / Droid Turbo XT1254][OFFICIAL] CyanogenMod 13.0. [Moto MAXX XT1225 / Droid Turbo XT1254][OFFICIAL][EOL] CyanogenMod 12.1. More Moto Maxx Original Android Development Threads. Moto Camera 6.0.90 PRO Unlocked for QUARK for QUARK. Droid Turbo Stock bootanimation for custom ROMS (CM, RR...). [app] Turbo toast [A solution of Motorola Turbo charger Toast for custom ROM]. Google Bootanimation 60fps for all quark. More Moto Maxx Themes and Apps Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Motorola Manuals Cell Phone Moto Maxx User manual Motorola Moto Maxx User Manual. pick a topic, get what you need. Related Manuals for Motorola Moto Maxx. Cell Phone Motorola MOTO 68004061015 Getting Started Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Q Moto Q Cellular Telephone and PDA Getting Started. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Q Q Owner's Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTO QTM User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR MOTORAZRTM User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V8 Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V8 Service Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 68002425001 Quick Start Manual. Motorola cell phone getting started guide (71 pages). Motorola cell phone user guide (16 pages). Motorola mobile phone owner's manual (109 pages). Motorola cell phone user manual (86 pages). Motorola cell phone user guide (64 pages). Motorola mobile cell phone brochure (10 pages). Motorola mobile phone quick start guide (44 pages). Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9m Getting Started Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 Service Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 User Manual. Motorola cell phone user guide (11 pages). Wcdma 850/1900, wcdma 2100 gsm 850/900/1800/1900 mhz edge, gprs (88 pages). Motorola cell phone user's guide (70 pages). Summary of Contents for Motorola Moto Maxx. Page 8: Google Play, Wireless Charging. Page 27: Recent Calls, Way Calls. Page 28: Your Phone Number, Emergency Calls. Page 31: Get Contacts, Share Contacts. Page 57: Mobile Network, Airplane Mode. Page 63: Caution About High Volume Usage, Battery Charging, Driving Precautions, Glass Parts. Page 65: Medical Devices, Regulatory Information. Page 66: Fcc Notice To Users, Software Notices, Location Services, Industry Canada Notice To Users. Page 67: Hearing Aid Compatibility In The Us. Page 68: Open Source Software Information, Software Copyright, Export Law Assurances, Content Copyright. Moto Maxx pick a topic, get what you need At a glance Start St t Home screen & apps Control & customize Calls Contacts Messages Email Type Organize Socialize Browse Photos & videos Music Books Games Locate & navigate Connect & transfer &.... Tips & tricks First look • Start: Ready to start? See “Start”. Your new Moto Maxx has it all—a big, bright, ultra Top topics high-definition display, blazing speed and performance, and a • Top topics: Just want a quick list of what your phone can high-capacity long lasting battery.. At a glance Top topics At a glance Tips & tricks First look • Interactive: To get started quickly, touch Apps Check out what your phone can do. Top topics Help > for interactive tutorials. • Personalize your home screen: see “Redecorate your •.... Start let’s get up & running Put in the SIM Start Tips & tricks Put in the SIM • SIM tray: The SIM tray is integrated with the volume keys. To Put in the nano SIM, charge up, and power on. Battery life remove the SIM tray, slide your fingernail under the volume Sign in.... Start Battery life Start Tips & tricks Put in the SIM To save even more battery life between charges, you could Your phone is like a small computer, giving you tons of Battery life reduce: information and apps, at lightning fast speed. Depending on Sign in Old phone to new phone Settings.... Android Backup and Restore feature, your contacts Got Google? automatically appear on your new phone. Otherwise, use the Motorola Migrate app in “Old phone to new phone”. Do you have a Google Account? Or, visit www.motorola.com/transfercontacts. If you use Gmail or Google Apps, answer Yes.. • If you didn’t migrate when setting up your new phone, you • From Android™: On your old phone, download the Google Play™ can always do it later. Motorola Migrate app from Google Play™. Then on your Wireless charging Motorola Migrate new phone, touch Apps >.... Start Google Play™ Start Tips & tricks Put in the SIM Play Store • Download Android apps: Touch Apps > Google Play is a digital content experience from Google Battery life where you can find and enjoy your favorite movies, books, Sign in •.... Status & notifications Discover Your Moto Maxx • Settings: To quickly open settings, flick the status bar down • Apps & widgets: To see your apps, touch Apps. WALLPAPERS home screen, then touch to choose your Status & notifications wallpaper. Discover Your Moto Maxx Help & more Motorola Connect • Add shortcuts: Touch Apps , touch and hold an app, Download apps How do you do it? Watch a tutorial. Find out then drag it to one of your home screen pages.. Google Now™ Status & notifications • To search for a suggestion, touch it. Touch to start Search Discover Your Moto Maxx a voice search. • To search for text in the search field, touch on the Motorola Connect touchscreen keyboard.. 74° - Scattered Clouds 11:35 AM 5 Cards Your Moto Maxx knows whether you’re in the car, in a meeting, or at home, and adapts to you. Moto Maxx responds to your voice and hand gestures, and shows you important info when.... “What’s up?” “Voicemail.” Moto Voice Your Moto Maxx is always ready for you. Use your voice to control your phone, even when it’s not within reach. “Find my phone.” • Choose it: Use the Moto app to set your custom phrase, like.... Quick start: Home screen & apps See messages, calls, and other notifications as they arrive. Even Use the Motorola Connect app to set up, manage, and update Redecorate your home screen when your phone is asleep, information discreetly appears on Motorola smart devices that you connect to your Moto Maxx Help &.... Status & notifications even set new apps to download to your devices. your phone or privacy, use apps from trusted sites, like Discover Your Moto Maxx Google Play Store. • Enjoy music, books & movies: You can also use Google.... > restart in Safe Mode: Turn off your phone, then turn it back on—when you see the “Motorola” logo during power-up, Your phone downloads updates over your Wi-Fi connection press and hold the Volume Down key until you see the home (if available) or mobile network.. Control & customize how it acts & looks Quick start: Control & customize Control & customize Tips & tricks Quick start: Control & customize • Touch: Choose an icon or option. Take control of your phone: On, off, lock & unlock Touch •.... Control & customize On, off, lock & unlock Control & customize • Screen lock: To unlock the screen, touch and drag to the Quick start: Control & customize outer circle that appears. To use a password, pattern, PIN, or Your touchscreen is on when you need it and off when On, off, lock &.... Control & customize Press Control & customize Lost or stuck? If you’re not sure what to do next, try one of Quick start: Control & customize these: On, off, lock & unlock Power key • To open a text message, show contact details, or open items Touch Press and hold the Power key to in a list, touch the message, contact, or item.. Control & customize ringing Speak Control & customize. To turn off ringtones for incoming calls, touch Quick start: Control & customize Settings Sound Phone ringtone None Apps > > > > Just tell your phone what you want. On, off, lock & unlock •.... Need help finding this screen? See “Status & notifications”. Customize Note: For general information, accessories, and more, visit Quick settings Note: Your quick settings may look a little different. Accessibility Voice recognition 11:35 Go back to notifications. WED, DECEMBER 3 Just tell your phone what you’d like to do—dial, browse,.... Control & customize Control & customize • Notifications: Drag the status bar down. Your phone speaks Explore by Touch changes your phone’s touch gestures so the Quick start: Control & customize all of the notifications. location of your touches can be read out loud. Control & customize Control & customize Braille • Ringtones: Assign a unique ringtone to a contact—touch Quick start: Control & customize People Apps > , touch the contact, then Combine your Braille display with TalkBack for braille and On, off, lock & unlock Set ringtone touch Menu >.... Note: Ratings are not a guarantee of compatibility (visit AUTO phone’s battery life. To maximize battery life, touch www.motorola.com/hacphones). You may also want to activate automatic brightness. consult your hearing health professional, who should be able to Touchscreen & keys help you get the best results.. Control & customize Control & customize • Position: During a call, hold the phone to your ear as Apps Quick start: Control & customize normal, and then rotate/move it to get the best position for Want more? No problem. Google Play™ Store provides On, off, lock &.... Calls when you need to talk Quick start: Calls Calls Tips & tricks Quick start: Calls • During a call: Your touchscreen goes dark to avoid Dial contacts, recent calls, or numbers, all from one app. Make, answer & end calls accidental touches.. Calls Recent calls Calls • Answer a call: Touch and drag to Quick start: Calls With call waiting on, touch and drag to to answer the View your calls (with newest first), and then call, text, or store Make, answer & end calls Hold current call + Answer new call, then touch them:.... Calls Your phone number Calls Quick start: Calls Settings About phone Status Find it: Apps > > > > Make, answer & end calls phone number Recent calls 3-way calls Your phone number Emergency calls Emergency calls Note: Your service provider programs one or more emergency phone numbers you can call under any circumstances, even when your phone is locked.. Touch to view contact information, call, send a For help with transferring contacts, see “Old phone to new text message, & more. Allie Smyth phone” or go to www.motorola.com/TransferContacts. Anna Medina Astrid Fanning Search your contacts. Sort contacts, change settings, accounts, &.... Contacts Create contacts Edit, delete, or hide contacts Contacts Quick start: Contacts People People Find it: Apps > > Find it: Apps > Create contacts Call, text, or email contacts Edit Touch a text box to type the name and details. Set up my profile To store your user profile, touch under For help with transferring contacts, see “Old phone to new the top of the contact list. Messages say it & go Quick start: Messages Messages Tips & tricks Quick start: Messages • Forward a message: In a conversation, touch and hold a Stay in touch with messages and pictures. Read, reply, forward & delete text messages message for more options, such as forwarding it.. 8:44AM Forward message you want, then touch Motorola Mobility shared a post on Google+ - Motorola Mobility shared a ... • Delete: Touch and hold a conversation, then touch at the “Star” a message to add it Abe Baudo Dec 2 bottom.. Messages Email Wireless Emergency Alerts Messages • Add email accounts: To add personal accounts, Quick start: Messages follow the prompts when you first open the app, or touch Wireless Emergency Alerts, also known WIRELESS Read, reply, forward & delete text messages Settings ACCOUNTS Apps.... Type keyboard when you need it Quick start: Type Type Tips & tricks Quick start: Type • Keyboard changes: Your touchscreen keyboard changes When you touch a text box, like in a message or search, you Text entry settings & dictionary depending on whether you’re entering a text message, have keyboard options.. Type Text entry settings & dictionary Cut, copy & paste Type Quick start: Type Choose your keyboard style and edit the dictionary of words Cut, copy, and paste names, phone numbers, addresses, Text entry settings & dictionary your phone suggests: quotes, or anything else in a text box.. Organize get it done anytime Clock Calendar Organize Clock Clock Find it: Apps > > (in the lower left) See events stored on your phone and in your online calendars, Calendar all together in one place. Corporate sync • Alarm: Touch an alarm to edit it, or touch to add a new Quickoffice™.... Organize Organize • Show, edit, or delete events: Touch an event to open it, • Place your cursor by touching the text. Clock then touch edit or delete • Select text by double-tapping it. Calendar Calendars • Show, hide, or add calendars: Touch Menu > Corporate sync •.... Socialize your life & your friends Quick start: Socialize Socialize Tips & tricks Quick start: Socialize Gallery • Upload photos: Touch Apps > and touch a Google+™ makes connecting on the web more like Google+ photo or video. Choose > and select your connecting in the real world.. Browse explore & find Quick start: Chrome™ Browse Tips & tricks Quick start: Chrome™ • Webpage shortcut: To add a webpage shortcut to your Chrome Find it: Apps > Web connection home screen, go to the webpage and touch Menu > Bookmarks •.... Browse Bookmarks Safe surfing & searching Browse Quick start: Chrome™ To bookmark a page in your browser, touch Menu > Keep track of what your browser and searches show: Web connection Bookmarks Bookmarks To go to a bookmark, touch Menu > , then touch •.... Photos & videos see it, capture it, share it! Quick start: Photos & videos Photos & videos Tips & tricks Quick start: Photos & videos Camera • Quick Capture: Touch Apps > , swipe the Take super clear photos with a twist of your wrist and a tap on Take photos screen right and touch to turn Quick Capture on or off.. Photos & videos The perfect shot Photos & videos • Clarify: For the clearest photos and videos, clean the Quick start: Photos & videos camera lens with a soft, dry cloth. But when you want something a Take photos •.... Photos & videos View, share, & use photos & videos Create a highlight reel Photos & videos Quick start: Photos & videos Gallery Find it: Apps > Your phone automatically creates a highlight reel of selected Take photos pictures and video clips. It even sets it to music. Photos & videos Play Movies & TV Photos & videos Quick start: Photos & videos Find and rent movies and TV shows to watch on your phone, Take photos tablet, or computer: Record videos The perfect shot Play Movies & TV Find it: Apps >.... Play Music when life needs a soundtrack Quick start: Music Play Music Tips & tricks Quick start: Music • Volume: Press the volume keys. Music everywhere—stream it, buy it, save it, play it. • Hide the music player: To use another app while your music plays, touch Home .. Play Books even thick books fit Quick start: Books Play Books Tips & tricks Quick start: Books • Turn pages: While reading the book, turn the pages by Read your favorite books, magazines, and newspapers when swiping them. Play Games why be bored? Quick start: Games Play Games Tips & tricks Quick start: Games • Challege friends: You can play against people in your Download and play the latest fun games. Scroll down to and choose a Play Games Explore Find it: Apps.... Locate & navigate where you are, where you’re going Quick start: Locate & navigate Locate & navigate Tips & tricks Quick start: Locate & navigate • Find an address: Touch and enter an address or Find a nearby cafe, get directions or step-by-step GPS voice Get directions with Navigation (Beta) something you’re looking for, like “restaurant.”.... Locate & navigate Get directions with Navigation (Beta) Locate & navigate Quick start: Locate & navigate Get spoken turn-by-turn directions to any destination. Get directions with Navigation (Beta) Start Touch , type or select your destination, then touch Navigation shows a map and starts telling you directions. Connect & transfer wired up or wireless Quick start: Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Tips & tricks Quick start: Connect & transfer • Quick settings: Get to the most used settings quickly. Flick Connect accessories, computers, networks, and more. Connect & transfer Bluetooth® wireless Connect & transfer Manage devices Quick start: Connect & transfer To manually reconnect your phone with a paired device, touch Bluetooth® wireless Turn Bluetooth power on/off AVAILABLE DEVICES the device name in the list. Wi-Fi Networks Settings Bluetooth Find it: Apps.... Connect & transfer Wi-Fi Networks Connect & transfer Wi-Fi hotspot Quick start: Connect & transfer Your can make your phone a Wi-Fi hotspot to provide portable, Bluetooth® wireless Turn Wi-Fi power on/off convenient internet access to other Wi-Fi enabled devices. MTP or PTP device that lets you use Windows Media Player to transfer files. For more instructions or driver files, visit www.motorola.com/support. • For Apple™ Macintosh™: Use Android File Transfer, Menu More available at www.android.com/filetransfer.. Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Your phone shows a data usage graph. Below the graph, apps Quick start: Connect & transfer are listed from highest to least data usage. Apps that use a lot of Near Field Communication technology lets you instantly share Bluetooth®.... Connect & transfer Wireless display Connect & transfer Bluetooth & Wi-Fi one-touch setup Quick start: Connect & transfer Just touch the back of your phone to an NFC-enabled Mirror your phone’s screen on an HDTV without any Bluetooth® wireless Bluetooth device or Wi-Fi access point to automatically pair or cords—with minimal setup.. Connect & transfer Phone & tablet Mobile network Connect & transfer Quick start: Connect & transfer Your Android™ phone and tablet can work together to help You should not need to change any network settings. Contact Bluetooth® wireless you get the most out of both: your service provider for help.. Protect help keep it safe Quick start: Protect your phone Protect Tips & tricks Quick start: Protect your phone • Face unlock: Unlock your phone by looking at it. Touch Make sure your information is protected in case your phone is Screen lock Settings Security.... Protect Screen lock Protect Can’t unlock? Quick start: Protect your phone Face unlock: If your phone doesn’t recognize your face, you’ll To keep your phone secure, you can make the touchscreen Screen lock be prompted to enter your backup pattern or PIN code to lock when it goes to sleep.. Protect Encrypt your phone Reset Protect Quick start: Protect your phone Caution: If you forget your encryption code, you cannot To reset your phone to factory settings and erase all the data on Screen lock Settings Privacy Factory recover the data stored on your phone or memory card. > for walk-through online at www.google.com/support. tutorials, how-to’s, FAQs, videos, and more, right on your phone. • Everything Moto Maxx: Get PC software, user’s guides, and more at www.motorola.com/mymotomaxx. • Accessories: Get accessories for your phone at www.motorola.com/mobility. Power key until the screen goes dark and your phone restarts. Service & repairs If you have questions or need assistance, we’re here to help. Go to www.motorola.com/support, where you can select from a number of customer care options. You can also contact the Motorola Customer Support Center at: 1-800-734-5870 (United States), 1-888-390-6456 (TTY/TDD United States for hearing impaired), or 1-800-461-4575 (Canada).. Battery Use & Safety Battery Use & Safety Warning: Your mobile device contains a battery that should only be removed by a Motorola Seizures, Blackouts & Eyestrain Prolonged use of any device may cause discomfort in hands, fingers, arms, neck, and other Battery Charging approved service center or recycler.. Operational Warnings Safety, Regulatory, & Legal Battery Use & Safety Use & Care To care for your Motorola mobile device, please observe the following: Operational Warnings Obey all posted signs when using mobile devices in public areas. Type name from your product’s label in the “Search” bar on the website. For full compliance statements and details, please refer to the Regulatory authorities within the EU may obtain compliance information by writing to: Product Safety and Compliance, Motorola regulatory information in your printed product guide.. These changes may affect the performance of location technology on your mobile device. Motorola has not approved any changes or modifications to this device by the user. Any AGPS (Assisted Global Positioning System) uses your wireless service provider’s network to Privacy &.... Motorola recycling activities, go to: Regulatory Information www.motorola.com/recycling • Keep software up to date: If Motorola or a software/application vendor releases a patch EU Conformance or software fix for your mobile device that updates the device’s security, install it as soon Packaging &.... Then, enable the ‘Hearing Aid’ mode feature on your Battery Charging Motorola related to software used in this Motorola mobile device, you may send your request Motorola phone with the following sequence: Apps > Phone > Menu > Settings > Hearing Driving Precautions in writing to the address below.. TRANSMISSION MODES AND THE INTENDED METHOD OF THE PRODUCT. If you make a valid claim under this Limited Warranty, Motorola will (at its discretion) either (1) repair the Product using new, used, or reconditioned replacement parts; or (2) replace the (g) Normal wear and tear or otherwise due to the normal aging of the Product.. If the Product is not covered by this Limited Warranty (and you do not have any other Industry Canada Notice PROFITS; LOSS OF BUSINESS; BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; statutory rights in your place of usual residence), Motorola will inform you of the Software Notices LOSS OF GOODWILL; LOSS OF REPUTATION; LOSS OF, DAMAGE TO, OR.... Industry Canada Notice accurate at the time of printing. Motorola reserves the right to change or modify any information or specifications without notice or obligation.. Diego felipe Nov 21, 2017 02:40:. Queria saber se o moto Maxx carrega ele sem fio sÃ³ com um aparelho wireless da qi. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Motorola Moto Maxx: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto Maxx es la versión internacional del Droid Turbo de Verizon, conservando la pantalla Quad HD de 5.2 pulgadas, procesador quad-core Snapdragon 805 a 2.7GHz, 3GB de RAM, 64GB de almacenamiento, cámara principal de 21 megapixels y frontal de 2 MP, conectividad HSPA+ y LTE, carga rápida inalámbrica y Android 4.4 KitKat, con actualización asegurada a Android 5.0 Lollipop.. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto Maxx. basado en 1 experiencias. Motorola Moto Maxx características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto Maxx. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto Maxx. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE (Bandas 2, 3, 4, 7, 17). 143.5 x 73.3 x 8.3 mm. Super AMOLED touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1440 x 2560 pixels, 5.2 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 64GB memoria interna, 3GB RAM. - Procesador quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 2.7 GHz, GPU Adreno 420. Android OS, v4.4.4 KitKat (actualizable a v5.0 Lollipop). SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS. 21 MP, 5248 x 3936 pixels, autofocus, flash LED dual, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 2160p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP 1080p. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; banda dual. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. - Editor de documentos (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF). Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto Maxx. Hay 99 opiniones del Motorola Moto Maxx .. Como cambio de numero a letras en el teclado del telefono. por el momento todo bien, pero no funciona el bleu tooth, me podrian indicar donde buscar ayuda. Mi moto maxx se me apaga cada dos por tres Nose q le pasa primero se calientaba mucho ahora como q se cualga mucho me dijeron q necesita un flacheo pero acá en Argentina no está no lo quieren arreglar me dicen q se puede quemar si alguien me puede ayudar con esto se lo agradecería. Este teléfono es una maravilla aún teniendo casi 3 años de existencia, a día de hoy cumplió con todas mis espectativas. Buenísima pantalla, larga duración de batería (3900mAh), excelente rendimiento y una cámara que quizá no es la mejor pero sin duda sabe defenderse. Ustedes que dicen, que el moto max es mejor que el LG g4 por que me ofrecen cambiar mi LG g4 de 32 GB y 3gb d eran por un mito Max de 64gb me conviene o no ?. Alguien sabe de cuánto voltaje y amperaje es la batería o tiene información sobre algo parecido?. Ya tengo 2años con mi moto maxx y realmente cumple con mis expectativas .en capacidad .fotos.redes social...en fin mui cómodo x sus características es un smartphone completo... Moto Maxx ,soy uno de los primeros 1000 usuarios desde que salio la telefonía celular al mercado por primera vez en 1983, desde entonces he tenido todo tipo de celulares de marcas principales en U.S.A. Les comento Motorola es lo mejor que he tenido,despues de todo , fueron los inventores y pioneros en el mercado,que más puedo decir.. una consulta tiene luz de notificacion cuando llegan mensajes?. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto Maxx - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 99. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto Maxx. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto Maxx. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto Maxx a otros usuarios. Motorola Moto Maxx no llegará a Europa. Motorola Moto Maxx anunciado oficialmente en Brasil. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto Maxx Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 3.3 52 Ratings 1 Questions & Answers. Motorola Moto Maxx features a 5.2-inch Quad HD (2560x1440) Super AMOLED display. It is powered by a 2.7GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor and 3GB of RAM. The phone features a 21MP back camera and a 2MP front-facing camera. The Moto Maxx has 32GB of internal storage that is not expandable. Connectivity features include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0LE, 4G LTE, GPS, and NFC. It is backed by a 3900mAh battery with fast charging support. The Moto Maxx runs Android 4.4 KitKat and is upgradeable to Android 5.0.. Key Specifications Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor 64 GB, 3 GB RAM internal storage 3900 mAh battery battery 21 MP, autofocus, dual-LED flash rear & 2 MP, 1080p selfie 5.2 inches inch screen Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to v5.0.2 (Lollipop), planned upgrade to v6.0 (Marshmallow). Motorola Moto Maxx Price in India. Motorola Moto Maxx Price starts at Rs. Taking cue from its predecessor, Droid Turbo, the Moto Maxx smartphone features a Ballistic Nylon build. The Nylon built is a high-quality, durable material with a vivid texture and attractive colors. The smartphone also features a layer of DuPont Kevlar fibre, which claims to protect the inside and out of the device with water-repellent nano-coating.. Moto Maxx comes with a 5.2-inch QHD (1440x2560 pixels) display at a pixel density of 565ppi along with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protective layer. The device is powered by a 2.7GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor coupled with an Adreno 420 GPU along with 3GB RAM and runs Android 4.4 KitKat.. In the imaging department, it sports a 21-megapixel rear autofocus camera with f/2.0 aperture and dual-LED flash, and a 2-megapixel front camera. The connectivity features include 4G LTE , Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, Micro-USB, and GSM/ EDGE/ HSPA+. The smartphone is available only in 64GB storage variant.. Moto Maxx also boasts Moto Display feature, which wakes up the phone to display the time and notifications as soon as the user reaches for the phone. The phone comes with dimensions 143.5x73.3x11.2mm, weighs 176 grams and measures 8.3mm at the thinnest. The phone also includes ambient light, e-compass, accelerometer, gyroscope, proximity sensors and Infrared.. The device packs in a massive 3900mAh battery which is touted deliver up to 48 hours of backup on normal usage. Moto Maxx is compatible with Motorola exclusive, Turbo Charger, which delivers 8 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes of charging.. Please ask the question in above box. Does it support VOLTE and is it upgradeable to naught?. It does not support VoLTE, but it supports LTE. You can use Jio without any problem and no it's not upgradeable to Nougat, but you can use custom ROM. I have installed the custom ROM lineage OS (Nougat).. No, neither it support Volte nor upgradeable to noughat.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto Maxx. 52 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 18. 4 11. 3 8. 2 13. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Motorola mobile price list in India. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto Maxx. Motorola Moto Maxx Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto Maxx was obtained on 26th February 2018 06:41:22 The Motorola Moto Maxx is available in The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto Maxx online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Motorola Moto Maxx Price in India is Rs. as on 26th February 2018 06:41:22. Motorola Octa Core Mobiles Under 20000. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Xiaomi Blackshark LG K10 Plus 2018 Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. LG K10 Alpha 2018 Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (unlocked) review:. Customization champ, but middle-of-the-pack phablet overall. Motorola Moto X Pure (64GB - white). (Part #: Moto X Pure 64GB-WHT). Motorola Moto X Pure (16GB - black). Motorola Moto X Pure (64GB - black). Motorola Moto X Pure (16GB - white). Motorola Moto X Pure (64GB - bamboo). Motorola Moto X Pure (16GB - bamboo). Motorola Moto X Pure (32GB - white). Motorola Moto X Pure (32GB - bamboo). Motorola Moto X Pure (32GB - black). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Motorola Moto X Pure Edition lets you pick your design. It also has expandable storage, loud front speakers and charges quickly.. The Bad The handset's bigger size may be unwieldy for some, its battery life is just average and it's hitting a market increasingly crowded with more affordable superphones.. The Bottom Line If you're into self-expression and want a big phone, you'll benefit from the affordable Motorola Moto X Pure Edition. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (unlocked). Availability Design and build 5.7-inch display with 2,560x1,440-pixel (2K) resolution 6.1 by 3 by 0.4 inches (154 by 76 by 11.1mm) 6.3 ounces (179 grams). Software and features Google Android 5.1.1 Lollipop OS Minimal Motorola software Useful gesture controls. Cameras and video 21-megapixel rear-facing camera 5-megapixel front-facing camera Can record 4K (rear) and 1,080p (front) video Night mode shooting and wide-angle front-facing camera has its own flash. I like the Moto X Pure Edition (or Style as its globally known), but I was honestly ready to love it. For one thing, it's an unlocked phone available directly from Motorola at a reasonable price, and it's designed to work on. all of the major US wireless carriers (AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon and Sprint) -- that's a big step up from most unlocked phones that only work on the first two in that list. Likewise, the international Moto X Style should work on all the carriers in whichever territory it's sold -- and many countries will also get the stepdown Moto X Play phone, which is not currently slated for a US release.. In addition, this 5.7-inch follow-up to 2014's. Motorola Moto X also promises the same customization options, like choosing between different trim colors and the material of the backing, that made me buy that model as my personal device. And in this sea of lookalike phones, this is a distinct advantage that the Moto X Pure Edition has over its rivals.. Its larger design (up from 5.2 inches) feels far too cumbersome for smaller hands like mine. Battery life was unexceptional, its camera wasn't massively impressive and aside from a few minor tweaks, Motorola's Moto services don't feature anything substantially new.. When you compare it to a top-tier large-screen device like the. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 , its drawbacks become even more obvious. And if you consider the current diverse landscape of unlocked handsets with the OnePlus 2 and ZTE Axon Pro , Motorola's phone doesn't quite come out on top. Though the Moto X was one of our favorite budget flagships last year, the same can't be said for the Moto X Pure Edition.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition: The ultimate phone for self-expression (pictures). In the US, the handset starts at $400 unlocked ($100 less than last year's starting price). The price will increase, however, depending on storage capacity and certain design options.. In the UK the Style, as it's known, starts at £399 for 32GB of storage, with 64GB setting you back £434.. In Australia the Style is exclusive to Vodafone and only available on contract. It's available on both the AU$80 and AU$100 plans, for AU$3 of monthly handset repayments. That's a total cost over 24 months of AU$1,992 and AU$2,472 respectively.. 2014 Moto X , Motorola increased the Moto X Pure Edition's display by half an inch, bumping up the device's overall footprint. Though it isn't as big as the Google Nexus 6 (which was manufactured by Motorola before Google sold it off to Lenovo ), the size jump still makes it notably bigger than the previous 5.2-inch Moto X. That means -- for some -- it won't fit in your front pockets easily and you can't maneuver it with one hand comfortably. I passed it around for several opinions, and even tall people with large hands noted problems reaching for the notifications shade with their thumbs.. We got our hands on a black variant with a walnut wood backing and silver trim.. But putting aside the size, it's still an attractive, quality built handset. Its curved backing conforms to your palm and the screen's glass panel smoothly curves down the side edges. The control buttons are narrow, and the ridges on the power/sleep button makes it easier to identify by touch. And Motorola's metal M-dimple on the back of the previous generation has now shrunken in size and sits in an elegant metal strip that runs between it and the camera lens.. Keep in mind that unlike its cheaper. Moto G counterpart that came out this year, the phone is not submersible underwater. It is water repellent though, so you won't have to worry about a few water droplets here and there.. The Moto X Pure Edition also has dual front speakers -- as in both speakers will output audio for music and movies (though only the bottom grille will output phone calls on speaker), resulting in a louder and fuller experience. This is different from last year's, which only used one stereo speaker for media, and the other served as the in-ear speaker for calls.. Most importantly, Motorola continues its legacy to enable users to customize the look of the device. You can start with either a black or white base color, choose the accent colors (as in, the color of the speaker grilles on the front and the metal strip on the back), and the color of the back, which also comes in different materials: plastic, wood, bamboo and leather.. Some may argue that the ability to customize the handsets is trivial. But when the mobile market is saturated with so many phones that look the same, having a say over how yours looks (without the use of a case), is one of the few ways to have it stand out and make it truly yours. That matters to people, and it's a need that Motorola has tapped into well.. Other different design options for the Moto X Pure Edition.. As for device's display, it's bigger as I mentioned before. It also has a sharp 1,440p resolution and it's maximum brightness level is bright enough to view comfortably outdoors in sunlight. minimum brightness level is also extremely dim, which is useful for avoiding eye-strain when viewing your handset in the dark.. The screen has a wide viewing angle and is responsive to the touch. I had no problems reading text and playing games, and streaming YouTube videos and watching the HD movie "Gravity" looked smooth and crisp. There's also a new setting under Display where you can choose between two color modes: normal or vibrant. Under normal mode, colors are already bright and vivid. But with the latter, hues are more saturated and richer.. Despite its name, the Moto X Pure Edition isn't exactly the "purest" Android device, at least not compared to the Google's own Nexus family (understandably) and Play Edition handsets (though the latter has ceased all production since January). Don't be too disappointed, though -- if you want an untouched Android experience, Motorola's Moto line comes pretty close.. First, because you can get it unlocked, you won't get any carrier bloatware and branding. Instead, you'll get the usual set of Google apps such as the Chrome Web browser, Gmail, YouTube and more. Second, while you won't have a manufacturer user interface overlaid on top of the phone in the same way TouchWiz and Sense skins Samsung and HTC devices, respectively, Motorola still included some useful features under its Moto app.. These features are accessible under a single Moto app, which has Moto Assist, Actions, Voice and Display. Assist adjusts your Moto X Pure Edition settings depending on where you are or what you're doing. If you've scheduled a meeting into Google Calendar, for example, the device can switch to vibrate right and reply to any missed calls with a predetermined message.. Motorola's suite of software features (left), including Moto Voice commands (right).. Actions is all about gesture controls: Twist your wrist with the phone in your hand to launch the camera or chop your hand in the air to turn on and off the flash to use as a flashlight.. Motorola's voice input, called Voice, works similarly to Google Now, so if you've used. that feature before, you have a good idea of what to do here. It works with both built-in and third-party apps and you can set an alarm, navigate to a destination with Maps, look up a song title that's playing at the moment, begin a Twitter post and more.. Display shows any missed notifications you have, even while the device is sleeping, with a wave gesture. The current time and any missed notifications will pop up in white. You can preview a missed notification by longpressing its app icon, or press-and-swipe to launch it directly from the screen.. Because it offers a nearly vanilla Android experience, you won't get any carrier bloatware.. Two other apps, Moto Connect and Migrate, round up the last of the handset's Motorola software. Connect manages all peripheral Motorola gadgets you may have like the. Moto 360 smartwatch or a pair of its wireless headphones. Migrate helps you port over your contacts, apps and other files from a previous phone onto your new Moto X Pure Edition.. For the most part, Motorola's software works well. I am a fan of Moto Display, which doesn't sound like much, but it saves you from having to press the power button throughout the day to see any missed notifications. And while it isn't a new feature, flicking the device to fire up the camera is convenient and saves a lot of time.. The handset is, however, loaded with your standard line of Google apps.. I did run into some issues, however. For one thing, you'll need the latest version of the Moto app to update your status on Facebook hands-free through Moto Voice. Otherwise, the handset will reply that it can't connect to "the cloud" after you dictate a post. And while you can dictate Facebook posts and text messages, you can't do the same on Twitter. Voice just activates a small Twitter window so you can. begin posting, but you'll need to type out the actual message.. It's also unclear what requires you to say your PIN when you use Voice commands while the phone is locked. For example, posting to Facebook prompts a PIN confirmation, but sending a text doesn't. The chopping gesture to activate the flash also doesn't feel natural or work as smoothly, and half the time I'm afraid I'll end up chucking my device across the room.. But perhaps the most disappointing thing is that compared to its predecessor, the Moto X Pure Edition doesn't offer anything substantial in terms of new software. A small amount of tweaks have been made, but overall, nothing substantial has been added. In some ways that's understandable since Motorola is purposely staying as close to the pure Android experience as one can get. But it's still a bit of a letdown to know that your new handset carries the same bag of tricks as it did last year.. The native camera app isn't loaded with tons of editing features, but both cameras do have. HDR (high dynamic range) shooting, a touch-focus module where you can adjust the exposure as well, a digital zoom, a timer and geotagging. They also have a flash (yes, even the front-facing camera so you can brighten up your selfies) and a new shooting mode called "night mode" for low-light environments. Photos can be taken in either the wide 16:9 aspect ratio or the more squarish 4:3.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (unlocked). Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. [ROM][All quark][7.X]crDroid Android by bhb27. Moto Maxx Android Development Moto Maxx General Moto Maxx Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Moto Maxx Accessories Moto Maxx Original Android Development. 6-quark.zip Recomended … 29 ROM update!. Changelog … 26 ROM update!. 2-quark.zip Recommended … 26 ROM update!. 7-quark.zip Demanding … 22 7.1 seems to be stable at. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By bhb27 , Recognized Developer on 31st October 2016, 06:39 PM. Announcement from bhb27: Nougat For Quark is Here!. Based on CM14.1 with extra goodies. ROM dedicated for All Quark (Moto MAXX/Turbo and Droid Turbo - XT1225, XT1250 and XT1254). Some of the below only available in the upcoming 7.1 version, Many more will be add in the future, Nougat is just starting. General bug fix in second and third post or some were in the thread use XDA Search Thread... Gdriver Mirror ROM Click Here (This contains current and previously version). AFH Mirror ROM Click Here (This contains all old versions, but may not show last version as soone as update post comes up). Open Gapps Click Here (Choose Platform: ARM , Android: 7.1 , and a Variant smaller pack possible, Install any other gapps from play, in case latest gapps package from Open are bad, click here to open old released page and Download a old version. Instructions : Download the latest build and GApps. Reboot to recovery (recommended make a backup). Coming from different ROM? Then Always wipe Data (without media aka without internal memory). Flash the latest build and GApps **. * Wipe of Dalvik Cache and Cache not demanding, only necessary in some situations advised on update post, be aware wiping the caches can cause problem is some random occasion, if problem after a wipe of the caches happens do a clean install. ** Gapps not demanding the ROM works perfect without it and there is ways to have play to work without gapps. In a ROM updates "dirty flash" if you have gapps always flash gapps again after the ROM update. Additional ROM Features (apart from crDroid features) :. crDroid Android, ROM for ALL quark. ROM OS Version: 7.x Nougat. Last Updated Check changelog (click here). Navigation: DUI - SmartBar / Fling Toggle. LockScreen: Toggle longpress for screen shortcuts. LockScreen: Toggle power menu for secure lockscreen. Recents: Toggle OmniSwitch as default Recents. Sound: Live customization for number of volume steps. Miscellaneous: Toggle suggestions on Settings dashboard. Miscellaneous: Toggle auto-start music player on headset detection. 12 New Quick Settings Tiles including Caffeine mode, Expanded Desktop and Sync. Default sounds from latest Nexus image. Turbo Toast app , (app to display a Toast message informing the connection of Turbo Charger like Stock ROM "TurboPower connected"). BHB27 Mod Kernel Adiutor , a app to control many aspects of the kernel give the user total control of kernel functions and information on how the devices is running deep sleep time, battery status, logs etc. Permission to install Motorola apps direct from play *included VVM (VVM may only be accessible with the link, click here and chose open with play ). All the custom featuring of LineageOS available to Quark Like:. CMaction used to control quark sensor to enable gestures for ambient display, pick-up and Wave to wake the screen, Actions Double-Twist and Chop-Chop to lunch the camera or flash light. Support for all quark models (XT1225, XT1250 and XT1254). Crossflashing & Configuration Override (You can crossflash radio image for a different variant of the phone, but the automated setup will not pick it up. Thus you'll need to manually override it through fastboot) check CM13.0 thread #1 post for how to and files CM-13 thread click here. Plus many others minor featuring, improves and bugs FIX that I have add for the past year to custom ROM for quark. The Following 74 Users Say Thank You to bhb27 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. 3Dota (1st November 2016) , al_mat (4th November 2016) , Anhell (1st November 2016) , AnWa83 (12th November 2016) , Bummrusha (14th December 2016) , calsurferpunk (1st November 2016) , CASEY_K (1st November 2016) , ChazzMatt (31st October 2016) , clusten (3rd November 2016) , Cobra04 (1st November 2016) , DarkLey (4th November 2016) , devilyuan (1st November 2016) , dougsampaio (1st November 2016) , DRock81 (2nd November 2016) , Ducadim (1st November 2016) , f3r.and0 (16th November 2016) , Fabio Magalhaes (17th November 2017) , GalaxyUser_ (21st November 2016) , ghaem.xh (31st October 2016) , gugugrp (2nd June 2017) , guguts (5th November 2016) , gumbi2647 (2nd November 2016) , guyz_ahead (5th November 2016) , hackslash (2nd November 2016) , hpbrasil (4th November 2016) , Huntereb (30th January 2017) , iiWoodstocK (31st October 2016) , immadeofpixels27 (2nd November 2016) , inkmars (1st September 2017) , Jaocagomez (31st October 2016) , karll123 (6th November 2016) , khangozzy (1st November 2016) , koftheworld (1st November 2016) , leohobas (2nd November 2016) , lukappaseidue (3rd November 2016) , mahendral (3rd November 2016) , mathk (8th November 2016) , Mattish13 (3rd November 2016) , mrkhigh (31st October 2016) , mubaidr (31st October 2016) , munchy_cool (31st October 2016) , neo_cyborg (15th November 2016) , NepoRood (1st November 2016) , Nido221 (31st October 2016) , olegfusion (2nd November 2016) , Pakman300 (28th November 2016) , prodeif (6th November 2016) , pvhien (1st November 2016) , Q9Nap (2nd November 2016) , regmastercn (28th February 2017) , renatohs (16th March 2017) , RL_Wells (31st October 2016) , RSDamasceno (1st November 2016) , Rudabaugh (9th November 2016) , s4shield (17th November 2016) , saintmonte (3rd November 2016) , shasanpoor45@gmail.com (2nd November 2016) , Shooting Star Max (2nd November 2016) , skyline_9812 (31st January 2018) , Solomonius (28th November 2017) , Soul reaper (1st November 2016) , Steve One (31st October 2016) , Strife89 (2nd November 2016) , Stupidshark12 (2nd November 2016) , Super_Commando (5th November 2016) , svprm (26th November 2016) , theexec777 (2nd November 2016) , thunder2132 (1st November 2016) , URIST.LG (1st November 2016) , vickyragav (2nd November 2016) , vinny3 (5th November 2016) , vinydasilveira (31st October 2016) , z4ck1n (13th November 2016). Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2014. My Devices: Moto G (2014) , Motorola Moto Maxx. Below are some workaround for the most know problems. Android update always changes permission and some app may have some problems not related to Nougat caming from Marshmallow or lower, so check for app updates and know that may need some time until all app are 100%. One thing that I notice regarding permission is if you have a app that access a folder that was created in older OS this app may be able to access this folder but not fully access the files like the below example. You take a picture or a screenshot and can't see or share it with some normal none root apps, the simple fix is just erased the DCIM and or Pictures folder under "virtual sdcard" and let the Nougat service recreate the folder, it will automatic recreates after you deleted it and take a picture or screenshot. Changing the ROM may cause GPS lock problem.. To solve is necessary to erase the radio status, that can be achieved via this zip " Clean_modem_status.zip " flash it via TWRP no wipe is need. If find any problem related lost signal after, re-try the flash of "Clean_modem_status.zip", if the problem persist, flash latest radio.img version fia fastboot (aka via bootloader). find the radio.img inside the stock ROM xml.zip, some xml.zip and fastboot for windows can be found here (click here). VVM app (VVM may only be accessible via play with the link, click here and chose open with play ), VVM may not work correctly google has it on version is free and seems to work 100% Google voice. The Following 21 Users Say Thank You to bhb27 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. 3Dota (1st November 2016) , 4stringenator (31st October 2016) , Bummrusha (14th December 2016) , ChazzMatt (1st November 2016) , f3r.and0 (16th November 2016) , ghaem.xh (31st October 2016) , gherman222 (10th November 2016) , iiWoodstocK (31st October 2016) , Jaocagomez (31st October 2016) , khangozzy (1st November 2016) , leohobas (24th April 2017) , mubaidr (31st October 2016) , Nido221 (31st October 2016) , olegfusion (2nd November 2016) , s4shield (17th November 2016) , saintmonte (3rd November 2016) , Soul reaper (1st November 2016) , Steve One (31st October 2016) , Strife89 (2nd November 2016) , Stupidshark12 (2nd November 2016) , thunder2132 (1st November 2016). Join Date: Joined: Feb 2014. My Devices: Moto G (2014) , Motorola Moto Maxx. Featuring request at this moment are not welcome, featuring will be add naturally through ROM updates, in 2017 after a lot of new featuring have be add if something really need is missing please report. Bug report are welcome, make with in the most accurate description possible, do not spare words, screens and logs, a bug that I can't understand and can't be reproduced, I can't fix. Always post a bug with @ bhb27 and a log .zip. BHB27 Kernel Adiutor > Logs > One click all Logs to a ZIP. If the device Random reboot all the logs are lost so just described like I ask above. The Following 17 Users Say Thank You to bhb27 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. 3Dota (1st November 2016) , AMRKING2000 (10th November 2016) , Anhell (1st November 2016) , Bummrusha (14th December 2016) , gangrenius (3rd November 2016) , ghaem.xh (31st October 2016) , iiWoodstocK (31st October 2016) , khangozzy (1st November 2016) , mubaidr (31st October 2016) , NepoRood (22nd January 2017) , olegfusion (2nd November 2016) , s4shield (18th November 2016) , saintmonte (3rd November 2016) , sidcarton1 (3rd November 2016) , Soul reaper (1st November 2016) , Steve One (31st October 2016) , theexec777 (2nd November 2016). Join Date: Joined: May 2016. Sent from my XT1254 using Tapatalk. The Following User Says Thank You to ghaem.xh For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2014. My Devices: Moto G (2014) , OnePlus 2 , Moto Z. Link xposed pliss? Thanks @ bhb27. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2006. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2016. My Devices: Verizon Motorola Droid Turbo. Awesome, Testing right away! Flashed successfully, just as you mentioned. And thank you for integrating your Awesome kernel and Kernel Adiutor Mod into this Rom. System UI crash when changing number of rows in Quicksettings. Glad this rom is very similar to RR rom. Awesome stuff! No new issue, restoring applications and Data from 6.0.. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2012. My Devices: Verizon Motorola Droid Turbo. Would love to hear how this effects battery over .49 stock!. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2012. Happy to see N7 for our Moto Maxx/Turbo. Will this ROM support Volte on xt1225 ?. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2010. If it's not figured out on any other Quark custom ROMs, it's also not on this one. Happy to see N7 for our Moto Maxx/Turbo. Will this ROM support Volte on xt1225 ?. The Following 3 Users Say Thank You to ChazzMatt For This Useful Post: [ View ]. bigjailerman (27th December 2016) , Mohitpunjabi (31st October 2016) , Soul reaper (1st November 2016). Join Date: Joined: Feb 2014. My Devices: Moto G (2014) , Motorola Moto Maxx. Motorola never released VoLTE Software support for XT1225. We can't make A radio.img only moto has the source for that.. Awesome, Testing right away! Flashed successfully, just as you mentioned. And thank you for integrating your Awesome kernel and Kernel Adiutor Mod into this Rom. System UI crash when changing number of rows in Quicksettings. Glad this rom is very similar to RR rom. Awesome stuff! No new issue, restoring applications and Data from 6.0.. Happy to see N7 for our Moto Maxx/Turbo. Will this ROM support Volte on xt1225 ?. The Following 3 Users Say Thank You to bhb27 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Mohitpunjabi (31st October 2016) , mubaidr (31st October 2016) , saintmonte (3rd November 2016). Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Moto Maxx Android Development by ThreadRank. [FLASHABLE] Pixel 2 Bootanimation For All Devices. [All Devices] Xiaomi Firmware Updater V2 [Auto Updated Weekly!]. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [APP][MOD][5+] Rootless Pixel 2 Launcher AOSP based on Amir Zaidi variant Launcher 3. [APP] Pay Enabler (Android Pay on Oreo outside US/UK). Android Wear Software and Hacking General. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [ROM][All quark][7.X]crDroid Android by bhb27. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Motorola Moto Maxx With 3900mAh Battery, 5.2-Inch QHD Display Launched. Ketan Pratap , 06 November 2014. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Motorola, as expected, has on Wednesday launched the Moto Maxx smartphone, the global variant of the recently-launched Droid Turbo that is exclusively sold on US mobile carrier Verizon.. The company has announced that the Moto Maxx will be available starting Wednesday in Brazil from the company's online store (Motorola.com), and that the smartphone will reach Mexico by mid-November. Motorola has also confirmed that the smartphone will reach other Latin American countries soon. It has been priced at BRL 2,199 (approximately Rs. The Moto Maxx smartphone, much like the Droid Turbo, features a 'Ballistic Nylon' build. The company notes , "It's a high-quality, durable material with a distinctive texture and rich colour - you might recognize it from outdoor gear, like backpacks.". Notably, the Moto Maxx also features a layer of DuPont Kevlar fibre, and is claimed to be protected inside and out with water-repellent nano-coating. It comes with identical specifications as the Droid Turbo.. It packs a massive 3900mAh battery, the biggest amongst some of the high-end phones such as Sony Xperia Z3 , Samsung Galaxy S5 , Samsung Galaxy Note 3 , and even the Moto X (Gen 2). The company claims that the smartphone can deliver up to 48 hours of mixed usage. Much like the Droid Turbo, the Moto Maxx also supports Motorola's Turbo Charger, a new accessory from the company stables that is said to provide 8 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes of charging.. Other specifications of the Android 4.4.4 KitKat-based Moto Maxx include a 5.2-inch QHD (1440x2560 pixels) display offering a pixel density of 565ppi; a Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protective layer; a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor clocked at 2.7GHz coupled with an Adreno 420 GPU and 3GB of RAM; a 21-megapixel rear autofocus camera with f/2.0 aperture and dual-LED flash, and a 2-megapixel front camera. Connectivity options on the Moto Maxx include 4G LTE with LTE Cat 4, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, Micro-USB, and GSM/ EDGE/ HSPA+. As mentioned above, the smartphone comes only in one storage variant - 64GB.. It also includes features from the Moto X (Gen 2) such as the Moto Display, which can wake up the phone to show the time and notifications when user's reach for the phone.. The Moto Maxx comes with dimensions 143.5x73.3x11.2mm, while measures 8.3mm at the thinnest. The handset includes accelerometer, ambient light, e-compass, gyroscope, Infrared, and proximity sensors.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Motorola Moto Maxx India Launch Teased by Flipkart. Android 5.0 Lollipop Rollout Begins for Limited Moto E, Moto Maxx Users. Motorola Moto Maxx With 3900mAh Battery, 5.2-Inch QHD Display Launched. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , KitKat Smartphones , Mobiles , Moto Maxx , Moto Maxx Price , Moto Maxx Specifications , Motorola , Motorola Droid Turbo , Motorola Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Gionee Marathon M3 With 5000mAh Battery Launched at Rs. Lenovo Reports 19 Percent Jump in Q2 Profit on PC Sales. Motorola Moto Maxx With 3900mAh Battery, 5.2-Inch QHD Display Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
The next video is starting stop. [Review] Motorola Moto Maxx (en español). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. SUSCRIBIRSE ➨ http://goo.gl/y4OKFz MGMSTORE ➨ http://www.mgmstore.com.ar ¡Segundo canal! SupraPlay ➨ http://goo.gl/QveU5W Facebook ➨ http://www.facebook.com/SupraPixelOfi... Twitter ➨ http://www.twitter.com/SupraPixel Nicolás en Twitter ➨ http://www.twitter.com/nicolasfischman Instagram ➨ http://www.instagram.com/SupraPixel Grupo de Facebook ➨ http://www.facebook.com/groups/SupraP.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. [Review] Nexus 6 (con Android M preview). [Review] Moto Z play | (Almost) infinite battery. Moto X Segunda Generación 2014 - Análisis. [Review] Motorola Moto X Force (en español). Motorola Moto Maxx - Análisis en Español HD. [Review] HTC One M9 (en español). [Review] Apple iPhone 6 (en español) | 6 meses después. Motorola Moto MAXX, review en español. Unboxing Motorola Droid Turbo en español. [Review] Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini (en español). Moto X4 review: terminal COMPLETO y PREMIUM. [Review] Sony Xperia Z3+ (en español). Moto Z2 Force review, el poder de los MOTO MODS. [Review] Moto Insta-Share Projector (Moto Mod) (en español). 15 Increíbles funciones de teléfono que no sabías que existían. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Motorola Moto Maxx on Facebook. See more of Motorola Moto Maxx on Facebook. Contact Motorola Moto Maxx on Messenger. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 15 February at 07:52 ·. Moto Z2 Force officially launched in India with free Moto TurboPower Pack Mod: http://bit.ly/motoZ2Force. · 29 January at 09:34 ·. Motorola launches Moto X4 with 6GB of RAM in India: http://bit.ly/MX46gb. · 11 January ·. Lenovo Mirage Solo, Mirage Camera, YI Horizon VR180 to give you Daydream experience and capture memories in VR: http://bit.ly/LenovoMirage. · 22 November 2017 ·. Lenovo Smartband (HW02 Plus) and Smart Scale (HS10) launched in India: http://bit.ly/LenovoSmart. · 16 November 2017 ·. Moto X4 now available for purchase in India: http://bit.ly/MX4Fkrt. · 8 November 2017 ·. Moto X4 is Flipkart exclusive phone, set to launch in India next week: http://bit.ly/Mx4iL. · 21 September 2017 ·. Google launches Android One Moto X4 smartphone, here is everything you need to know: http://bit.ly/AndroidOneMotoX4. · 20 September 2017 ·. Moto G4 Plus will get Android 8.0 Oreo update after all: http://bit.ly/2jIlK6w. · 19 September 2017 ·. Motorola Moto X4 with dual camera setup India launch set for next month, all you need to know: http://bit.ly/MotoX4perience. · 15 September 2017 ·. Motorola releases list of devices that will get Android Oreo: http://bit.ly/MotoOreo. · 15 September 2017 ·. Motorola confirms these Moto devices will be updated to Android 8.0 Oreo: http://bit.ly/MotoOreo. · 6 September 2017 ·. Lenovo K8 and K8 Plus goes official: Specs, Price, Availability: http://bit.ly/LenovoK8. · 1 September 2017 ·. Motorola Moto X4 is official and arriving this month: http://bit.ly/motox4. · 29 August 2017 ·. Motorola Moto G5s and G5s Plus launched in India: http://bit.ly/MotoG5sPlus. · 29 August 2017 ·. Motorola Moto G5s and Moto G5s Plus launched in India: http://bit.ly/MotoG5sPlus. · 22 August 2017 ·. Motorola Moto G5s Plus with Dual cameras India launch set for next week: http://bit.ly/G5sPlus. · 13 August 2017 ·. Moto X4 press renders and detailed specs surfaced: http://bit.ly/2w3pfZO. Motorola Moto X4 press renders and detailed specs surfaced. Motorola Moto X4 press renders and detailed specs surfaced. Specifications, Features, Price, August 24th Release, Availability, Dual Cameras.. 
DIMENSION: 143.5 x 73.3 x 8.3 - 11.2. Motorola Moto Maxx Android Smartphone was launched in November 2014. It is priced in India at Rs. 16990 ($249.85), running on the Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor with Adreno 420 GPU. The phone has 3 GB RAM and 64 GB of internal storage which is not expandable.. The Motorola Moto Maxx has a 5.2 inches WQHD, 1440 x 2560 pixels display with a pixel density of 565 ppi. It has Gorilla Glass protection as well. Coming to cameras, it has a 21 MP rear camera and a 2 MP front camera for selfies. It has a microUSB port for data syncing and charging. There is a accelerometer sensor present on the Motorola Moto Maxx. It is a single SIM smartphone with support for 4G LTE, NFC, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and GPS too.. The Motorola Moto Maxx runs on Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), planned upgrade to v5.0 (Lollipop) and all this is powered by a 3900 mAh battery. It measures 143.5 x 73.3 x 8.3 - 11.2 (height x width x thickness) with a total weight of 176 grams including battery.. 143.5 x 73.3 x 8.3 - 11.2 (5.65 x 2.89 x 0.33 - 0.44). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE 700 / 1700 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 (Bands 2, 3, 4, 7, 17). OLED Capacitive Touchscreen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), planned upgrade to v5.0 (Lollipop). Quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450, Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 [Browse Similar]. Adreno 420 [Browse Similar]. 3 GB [Browse Similar]. 21 MP (5248 x 3936), autofocus [Browse Similar]. Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection, Panorama, HDR. 2 MP, 1080p [Similar]. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, Wi-Fi hotspot. Huawei MateBook X Pro comes with a 13.9-inch FullView Touchscreen display and a wonky camera design. Nokia 6 gets an Android One edition at MWC 2018, runs Oreo out of the box. Copyright © PhoneBunch | Advertise | Contact Us | Terms of Use. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. motorola droid maxx droid maxx motorola maxx hd motorola maxx -razr moto x motorola maxx unlocked motorola xt1080 samsung galaxy s3 motorola x. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save motorola maxx to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola maxx to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Droid MAXX 2 XT1565 4G LTE SmartPhone Verizon + GSM UNLOCKED Black. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) XT1565W #F246. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Razr XT912 MAXX Unlocked 3G 4G Touchscreen Android smartphone 8MP. Motorola Droid MAXX XT1080M 16GB Verizon - GSM Unlocked Android Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB XT1565 Verizon Wireless Blue White Android Smartphone. Original Unlocked Motorola Droid Razr XT912 MAXX 4.3" 8GB 4G/3G Smartphone 8MP. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX HD XT926M 32GB GSM+CDMA 4.7" Wifi Original Unlocked. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone with black otter box. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Open Box NEW Motorola Droid Razr Maxx XT912M Verizon 16GB Smartphone 1080P HD. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Red (Verizon) SMALL BLUE SPOT ON SCREEN. Motorola DROID MAXX, Red 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX HD XT926M Verizon Wireless 32GB 4G LTE Android. Motorola Droid MAXX 2 XT1565B 16GB 4G LTE Verizon Wireless Blue SHIPS FREE!. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB Blue Verizon-Very Good Condition-VG23 04. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola Droid MAXX - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 32GB Blue(Verizon)E SN Clear Very Good Condition-(VG5 96). Motorola Droid Razr MAXX HD XT926 32GB 3G&4G LTE VERIZON. Motorola Droid HD MAXX XT-926 - 16GB - Black Verizon / Pageplus. 5 new & refurbished from $179.99. NICE Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX - 16GB - Black (VERIZON) Smartphone Android 2.3.6. Motorola Droid MAXX XT1080 16GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone, SBI. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB (XT1565) Verizon Wireless Blue and White Smartphone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Verizon - GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Android. Motorola Droid Razr Maxx XT908 16GB Black (Alltel) CDMA Smartphone. Phone Motorola RAZR MAXX V6 Black Unlocked. Unlocked - Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Black (Verizon) 4G LTE! Great!. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. *GREAT CONDITION* MOTOROLA DROID RAZR MAXX XT912 VERIZON TOUCH SCREEN 4G LTE. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Winter White (Verizon) XT1565W #F246. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Verizon White Droid Maxx 2 Factory Reset 4G LTE 16 GB. Armor Rugged Shockproof Case Cover Hard For Motorola Droid Maxx 2/Moto X Play. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 16GB Black & Blue Verizon Unlocked Smartphone !! XT1565B. Original Unlocked Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M GSM + CDMA - 5.0" 32GB 4G/3G. VERIZON DROID RAZR MAXX XT912 NICE CLEAN NO SIM NOT UNLOCKED. Motorola Droid MAXX - Black (Verizon) Smartphone *bad digitizer* FREE SHIP. Original Unlocked Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M GSM + CDMA - 5.0" 16GB 4G/3G. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Unlocked Smartphone-BLU E. Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - White (Verizon) Smartphone (XT1565)-Good Condition-GD97 39. 2 new & refurbished from $94.90. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M Original Unlocked GSM CDMA 5.0" 10MP 16GB 4G 3G GPS. For Motorola Droid Maxx 2 / XT1565 Gel TPU Case Cover Skin. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M Original Unlocked GSM CDMA 5.0" 10MP 32GB 4G 3G GPS. GSM+CDMA Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M Original Unlocked 5.0" 10MP 32GB 4G 3G GPS. OEM For Motorola Moto Maxx/Turbo 5.2" LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer W Frame. Motorola Shell Replacement Battery Cover for Motorola Droid Maxx 2. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080M Original Unlocked GSM CDMA 5.0" 10MP 32GB 4G 3G GPS. BLACK TRI-SHIELD RUBBER SKIN HARD CASE STAND FOR MOTOROLA DROID MAXX DROID ULTRA. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 - 16GB - Blue (Verizon) Smartphone XT1565 Android (#26D). 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Motorola - DROID Maxx 2 4G LTE 16GB - Black/Deep Sea Blue Verizon UNLOCKED. 6 new & refurbished from $84.99. Skin Rubber Case For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD - Red. 2 new & refurbished from $4.29. Checker TPU Transparent Case For Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD - Blue. 2 new & refurbished from $4.09. Motorola Droid Maxx XT1080 16GB Black Verizon Smartphone. Tech21 New Evo Shell Ultra Thin Protective Case for Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Clear. 2 new & refurbished from $4.99. Motorola Droid MAXX XT1080M(Verizo n) rUnlocked Smartphone Cell Phone (Page Plus). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 II XT1565 r(Verizon) GSM Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 XT1565 16GB Verizon CDMA / Unlocked GSM 4G LTE. Motorola - DROID Maxx 2 4G LTE 16GB - Black/Deep Sea Blue Verizon UNLOCKED. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Satisfaction Guaranteed~Select YOur Color~Free USA Ship. Customs services and international tracking provided. Top US Seller - 60 Day Warranty - Ships Free!. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Moto Maxx Motorola XT1225 Smartphone - Vídeo Resenha Brasil. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Moto Maxx XT1225 R$1935 - Submarino - http://oferta.vc/5SCQ R$1997 - Fast Shop - http://oferta.vc/5SCY R$1935 - Shoptime - http://oferta.vc/5SCT R$1980 - Ricardo Eletro - http://oferta.vc/5SCU R$1935 - Americanas - http://oferta.vc/5SCM R$1980 - Eletro Shopping - http://goo.gl/1OXmPO R$000 - Ponto Frio - http://goo.gl/8LVu9q - Indisponível no momento R$000 - Extra - http://goo.gl/foJvmF - Indisponível no momento R$000 - Magazine Luiza - http://goo.gl/orCh1d - Indisponível no momento (esse post contém links patrocinados. Se você comprar por aqui, recebemos uma comissão para continuarmos funcionando :)) ÍNDICE Design - 00:52 Tela - 05:02 Desempenho - 06:42 Sistema - 10:32 Aplicativos - 16:26 Câmera - 19:25 Música e mídia - 22:42 Bateria e armazenamento - 24:12 Caixa - 25:41 (veja o unboxing: http://youtu.be/zqBb00ABUsI ) Conclusão - 25:49 ----------------------+----------------------------+----------------------------+--------------------------- \o/ AJUDEM O EUTESTEI! DIVULGUEM OS VÍDEOS! \o/ Nos procurem nas redes sociais e tire suas dúvidas! Site de resenhas: http://eutestei.info Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/EuTestei.info Google+: https://plus.google.com/+EutesteiInfo Pedido de produtos: http://eutestei.userecho.com. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Moto Maxx rodando com Android 5.0.2 Lollipop [HANDS ON]. Moto G 4: Carregador e capinha legais na caixa, olha só! - Vídeo Unboxing EuTestei Brasil. Motorola Droid Turbo: Unboxing & Review. Motorola DROID Turbo vs Apple iPhone 6. Moto Maxx x Moto X 2014 - Vídeo Comparativo Brasil. Moto Maxx Motorola XT1225 Smartphone - Vídeo Unboxing Brasil. Moto 360: o relógio inteligente da Motorola que é surpreendentemente bonito [Análise]. Motorola Moto Maxx | Unboxing y Primeras Impresiones. Fino, elegante e poderoso, esse é o Galaxy Tab S2 da Samsung - Resenha EuTestei. Xperia Z3 Sony D6643 Smartphone - Vídeo Resenha Brasil. Smartphones Moto Maxx x Galaxy S6 x LG G4 - Vídeo Comparativo EuTestei Brasil. Galaxy S6 G920I Samsung Smartphone 3 - Vídeo Resenha EuTestei Brasil. Zenfone 2 ASUS ZE551ML Smartphone - parte 2 -. Análise: Galaxy Note 4 | Review do Tudocelular.com. OMG, abrimos a caixa do Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge! - Vídeo Unboxing EuTestei. Unboxing Motorola Moto Maxx BR Português. Conheça o HERE WeGo, app de mapas super completo - EuTestei. Nokia Lumia 930: o melhor smartphone com Windows Phone até o momento [Análise]. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Motorola Moto Maxx is a Smart Phone Powered by Android 4.4.4 KitKat and 21 MP Auto Focus Rear Camera with 4K Video recording.. Full Specifications of Motorola Moto Maxx. 2G Network Technology GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 4G Network Technology LTE 700 / 1700 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 (Bands 2, 3, 4, 7, 17). Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger, Headset. 3G Capability HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Wi-Fi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. 4G Capability LTE 700 / 1700 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 (Bands 2, 3, 4, 7, 17). Display Resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels. Display Technology OLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors,Corning Gorilla Glass 3- Moto Display. Internal Memory 64 GB, 3 GB RAM. OS Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), planned upgrade to v5.0 (Lollipop). Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 805,Quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450. Camera resolution 21 MP (5248 x 3936), autofocus, dual-LED flash. Camera Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. Size (L by B by T) 143.5 x 73.3 x 8.3 - 11.2. Motorola Moto Maxx launching in India as ‘Moto Turbo’: Report. Motorola making an “exciting announcement” on February 25 wrapped in a mystery box. Motorola likely to launch Moto Maxx in India exclusively on Flipkart. Moto Maxx could be Motorola’s next smartphone. Motorola Moto Maxx Reviews in India. Motorola Moto Maxx Features & Specs. Motorola Moto Maxx Vs Apple iPhone 4 16GB. Motorola Moto Maxx Vs LG G3 (16 GB). Motorola Moto Maxx Vs Sony Xperia Z3. Motorola Moto Maxx Vs Samsung Galaxy Ace S5830. 13,999 Buy Now. 27,999 Buy Now. OS Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), planned upgrade to v5.0 (Lollipop). Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 805,Quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450. Camera 21 MP (5248 x 3936), autofocus, dual-LED flash. Internal Memory 64 GB, 3 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Sambit Satpathy on Mar 04, 2015 03:01 PM. Last month, Flipkart teased an imminent launch of a new .... Sambit Satpathy on Feb 23, 2015 01:26 PM. Motorola is set to host an event on February 25, where it .... Sambit Satpathy on Feb 19, 2015 01:26 PM. Flipkart has today teased the launch of a new Motorola .... Sambit Satpathy on Jul 31, 2014 02:45 PM. Motorola’s next smartphone could be called the Moto Maxx. Write a Review on Motorola Moto Maxx. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Accessories Apps Digital Cameras Laptops Games Guides USB Drivers. Accessories Apps Digital Cameras Laptops Games Guides USB Drivers. The Motorola Moto Maxx is a. smartphone with 5.20-inch 1440x2560 display powered by 2.7GHz processor alongside 3GB RAM and 21-megapixel rear camera. Should you need to move content between the Motorola Moto Maxx and a computer or Mac, then, you'd need the Motorola Moto Maxx USB Driver. Download Motorola Moto Maxx Driver for Windows Things to Consider The Motorola Moto Maxx USB Driver are from the Motorola Device Manager Software. By installing the Motorola Moto Maxx USB Driver , you don't need to install the Motorola Device Manager App on your computer. Compatible: Motorola USB Driver is compatible with Windows 10 , Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP (for both 32 and 64 bit). Preparation Disconnect your device from your PC. Uninstall any previous drivers installed for your phone on your computer. Motorola Moto Maxx USB DRIVER Official Motorola Moto Maxx USB drivers Instructions Uninstall any previously installed Motorola Drivers.(Highly Recommended) Restart the Windows-based PC. Extract Zip file and then Launch.EXE file. Once the new Motorola drivers have been installed successfully on your PC, reboot the computer once again. All the drivers should now be on your PC Video: Install Motorola Moto Maxx USB Drivers Motorola Moto Maxx USB Driver for Mac Connect your device to your MAC. Download and install Motorola Device Manager for MAC → Download link. └ If it asks for downloading additional files while installing, then let it do so. Once the installation finishes, your Motorola device should be working on the MAC. Motorola Device Manager for Windows Connect your device to your PC. Download and install Motorola Device Manager → Download link. └ If it asks for downloading additional files while installing, then let it do so. Once the installation finishes, your Motorola device should be working on the Windows PC. Motorola Moto Maxx Won't Connect To Computer Connect your phone to another USB port on your computer (try them all) Try different USB cables. The original cable that came with your phone should work best, if not — try any other cable that’s new and of good quality Reboot computer Try connecting to a different computer Enable USB Debugging Conclusion. Motorola Moto Maxx USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need to connect your Motorola Moto Maxx to one of your computers, then you need to install the correct USB drivers for the Motorola Moto Maxx on your device. Here is a simple guide that allows you to download and install these drivers for any version of Windows.. The Motorola Moto Maxx Download Motorola Moto Maxx Driver for Windows Things to Consider Preparation Motorola Moto Maxx USB DRIVER Instructions Video: Install Motorola Moto Maxx USB Drivers Motorola Moto Maxx USB Driver for Mac Motorola Device Manager for Windows Motorola Moto Maxx Won't Connect To Computer Conclusion. According to Wikipedia , in computing, a device driver (commonly referred to as a driver ) is a computer program that operates or controls a particular type of device that is attached to a computer. A driver provides a software interface to hardware devices, enabling operating systems and other computer programs to access hardware functions without needing to know precise details of the gadget used. The Motorola Moto Maxx USB drivers allow your device to communicate with any of your computers. Tasks such as transferring images, music, videos and more become easier once. the computer has the necessary Motorola Moto Maxx USB driver installed.. Before installing new Motorola Moto Maxx drivers , you must first remove, from your computer, any drivers that haven’t been completely uninstalled and may be conflicting (or might do so) with the new drivers. To do this, follow the steps below:. These are the files that you will need to download before you proceed. Of course, you can always get the latest version of the Motorola Moto Maxx USB drive r via the link labeled: > Motorola USB Driver Latest Version Download. You will also need this file:. How to install USB drivers for Motorola E 2015 ?. Here is the complete video guide to connect Motorola Moto Maxx with Windows PC. All you need to Install Motorola USB drivers on your system. The Motorola Moto Maxx USB drivers install on your computers. Thanks for reading: how to download & install Motorola Moto Maxx USB Drivers. Install Motorola Device Manager for Mac — Motorola's software for managing your phone on your MAC. It will install the proper drivers for your Motorola Moto Maxx .. Install Motorola Device Manager — Motorola’s software for managing your phone on your PC. It will install the proper drivers for your Motorola Desire S.. If you have issues, then try the following tips to investigate the cause of the connection failure:. These tips and the guide itself should help you connect your Motorola Moto Maxx to your laptop once you’ve installed the correct USB Drivers. If you’re still having trouble connecting your Motorola Moto Maxx to your computer, then feel free to leave a comment for help. Also, if you have any suggestions, do let us know. Thanks for reading, Motorola Moto Maxx USB Drivers Download & Install ADB + USB here on Orduh!. Prev Article Next Article. I like writing tutorials and reviews to help new tech users decide what to buy or how to troubleshoot their devices.. Motorola Xoom 2 MZ615 USB Driver. Motorola Xoom 2 MZ615 USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you. Motorola XT390 USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need to. Moto X Style USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need. Motorola Moto XT882 USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need. Motorola Fire USB Drivers Download & Installation Guide. If you own a Windows or Mac computer, and you need to. How To Activate YouTube Via youtube.com/activate. YouTube is the most popular video sharing platform in the world. And, you can link your YouTube account to several. Solved: My Computer Won't Recognize iPhone. You connect your iPhone to your computer. You expect iTunes to pop up. How Do I Delete My Spotify Account?. Spotify is great for streaming music and listening to music offline (with the Premium subscription). Spotify Equalizer Settings & Tips For Better Audio. Have you ever wanted to use the equalizer on Spotify? After all, changing the equalizer settings on any music application. How To Undo In Notes On An iPhone. You spent a good 2 minutes writing a note in the Notes app on your iPhone. Windows 10 Encryption Setup Tips & Tricks. What happens when someone steals your laptop? Once the person gains access, they have access to all your personal files.. Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Won't Charge. Galaxy S6 won't charge? Fix a. that won't charge: The Samsung Galaxy S6 is a smartphone. How To Fix Google Play Services Battery Drain. Google Play Services Battery Drain Fix. This tutorial teaches you how to solve Google Play Services battery drain issues on. Fix: Samsung Galaxy S5 Won't Connect to WiFi. Do you suffer from Galaxy S5 WiFi Issues?. Samsung Galaxy S5 won't connect to WiFi. Fix: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Battery Drain/Overheating. Does your Samsung Galaxy Note 4 battery drain very fast? Does your Galaxy Note 4 overheat? Battery drainage and overheating. Forgot your Android screen lock password? Yes, it happens, I. forgot my lock screen password, but it's not the end of. League of Legends Champion Counters Microsoft Windows Guides Smartphone Guides Smart Home Acer USB Drivers Google Nexus USB Drivers HTC USB Drivers LG USB Drivers Motorola USB Drivers OnePlus USB Drivers Samsung USB Drivers Sony Xperia USB Drivers. Fix: Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Drain/Overheating Forgot Android Lock Screen Password How to Disable Lenovo Vibe UI Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Battery Drain/Overheating Top Emoji App | Best Emoji Keyboard for iPhone Delete Netflix Profile on iPhone - How To Guide Cyanogenmod 14 - CM14 - CM 14 Download Links & Updates. Gapps Mi Flash Tool SuperSu USB Drivers Guides Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Won't Charge Lenovo Vibe UI Themes Lenovo Vibe UI Fix: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Battery Drain/Overheating How To Fix Google Play Services Battery Drain. Mi Flash Tool SuperSU How to Use Greenify App - Extend Android Battery Life Fix: Samsung Galaxy S6 Won't Charge Fix: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Battery Drain/Overheating Fix: LG G4 Battery Drain/Overheating Fix: Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Drain/Overheating How To Fix Google Play Services Battery Drain CyanogenMod 11 Android 4.4 Google Apps CyanogenMod 12.1 Android 5.1 Google Apps CyanogenMod 13 Android 6.0 Google Apps Forgot Android Lock Screen Password Lenovo Vibe UI Themes How to Disable Lenovo Vibe UI Fix Water Damaged Samsung Galaxy S6 Fix: Huawei P8 Won't Connect to Wi-Fi. Accessories Apps Digital Cameras Laptops Games Guides USB Drivers. 
HowardForums is a discussion board dedicated to mobile phones with over 1,000,000 members and growing! For your convenience HowardForums is divided into 7 main sections; marketplace, phone manufacturers, carriers, smartphones/PDAs, general phone discussion, buy sell trade and general discussions. Just scroll down to see them! Only registered members may post questions, contact other members or search our database of over 8 million posts. Why don't you join us today! CLICK HERE TO JOIN US If you have time check out our sister site: Niknon.com - a forum about Digital Photography.. Moto Maxx (XT1225) -- my "Nexus 6" :). Results 1 to 15 of 131. Thread: Moto Maxx (XT1225) -- my "Nexus 6" :). Join Date Nov 2010. Device(s) Moto Maxx (XT1225, LG Nexus 5 (LG-D820). Moto Maxx (XT1225) -- my "Nexus 6" :). Last edited by ChazzMatt; 12-22-2014 at 03:42 PM .. Motorola " Moto Maxx " (XT1225), which is the international version of Verizon's "Droid Turbo". The Moto Max is unlocked and compatible with AT&T. This 5.2, 1440p display phone was being tested to be the Nexus 6 for this year as late as mid-August, but Google foolishly went with the much larger 5.96" version. The Nexus 6 is TOO big to use comfortably as a phone, and many professional reviewers agree with me. What happened to the 5.2 version they were testing? I'll tell you. Motorola re-purposed it as the Verizon Droid Turbo (exclusive to the USA) and internationally as the Moto Maxx. Both the Google Nexus 6 and Verizon Droid Turbo/(international) Moto Maxx are made by Motorola. Google actually owned Motorola for the past two years, but recently sold it off to Lenovo. However both the Moto Maxx and Nexus 6 were designed by Google. Moto Maxx (AT&T compatible version of the Verizon Droid Turbo):. · 5.2" display, with 1440p resolution. · 3900 mAh battery (bigger than the Nexus 6),. · 21 megapixel rear camera (bigger than the Nexus 6 camera). · Plus, quick plugged-in turbo charging. Plug it in for 15 minutes, get hours of battery life. All those specs are IDENTICAL to the larger Nexus 6 -- except the bigger battery and camera. Yes, this smaller phone has much larger battery than the Nexus 6. The only thing the Nexus 6 has the Moto Maxx does not equal or is better is the rear camera OIS. Everything else is equal or better. This will be my "Nexus 6" to replace my Nexus 5 phone. Comes unlocked from the factory, already running it with my AT&T sim card. I've already rooted it and running custom software. With a 3900 mAh battery, the battery life is amazing!. (The 2013 4.95" Nexus 5 -- with 1080p -- has a 2300 mAh battery. The 2014 5.5" LG G3 -- which has 1440p resolution like this Moto Maxx -- has a 3,000 mAh battery. So, you can see how a 5.2" phone with a 3900 mAh battery is VERY unusual. But good! Both the Nexus 5 and LG G3 also have wireless Qi charging capability. After having it with my Nexus 5 I won't buy a phone without it...). It costs as much as the Nexus 6, so it wasn't the cost of the Nexus 6 I hated as much as the SIZE. No matter, I have the "Nexus 6" I want!. Only being sold in Brazil, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Chile for some reason. Eventually might come to the rest of the world under a different brand name? Verizon has exclusive U.S. International version is the "Moto Maxx". Yes, I know Puerto Rico is a territory of the U.S., but Motorola (now owned by Chinese Lenovo) apparently don't know that. International version of the Verizon "Droid Turbo". Currently only being sold in a handful of Latin American countries -- Chile, Brazil, Mexico, Puerto Rico. This was developed to be the Nexus 6 by Google. They tested this 5.2" version along with the much larger 5.96" version. Instead of releasing this or pulling an Apple and releasing two phones, they chose the HUGE 5.96" version which is too big to use comfortably as a phone. THIS should have been the Nexus 6. No matter, it's my "Nexus 6" to replace my Nexus 5. Unlocked, it's compatible with AT&T -- GSM/HSPA+/LTE. Already running on my AT&T sim card. Unlocked from the factory, and now I've rooted it and installed custom software. It'll stop a bullet for you. Turbo charger cord gives you HOURS of usage with just 15 minutes of charging. You can see the size difference here between the Moto Maxx/Droid Turbo and the Nexus 6. You can comfortably hold the Moto Maxx in your hand. Not so with the Nexus 6. Benchmarks don't always prove you have the best phone. If the software on the phone makes it smooth, with no lag, then "winning" a benchmark test is not necessary. The 2013 Nexus 5 (my previous phone) and the LG G3 (which is one of the best phones of 2014) are both just a couple slots out of view, both still in the top 11. What's AMAZING is this phone has a 1440p resolution and gets this score. Phones with higher resolutions are penalized because it takes so much CPU/graphics power to push those pixels. A 640p phone (like the iPhone 5S) with a great processor will often "score" higher than a 1080p or 1440p phone with a great processor. But which would you rather have to view HD video? So, while benchmarks aren't everything, this high a score with a 1440p phone is FANTASTIC. Note the download and ping speed over AT&T mobile network. For comparison, there's a couple of speed tests from my Nexus 5. Download speed isn't the most important. The LOWER the ping speed, the less lag you have when loading web content, map navigation, or checking email. Anything less than 50ms is great. Anything less than 40ms is FANTASTIC. Often on MVNOs like Straight Talk or Cricket (even though Cricket is owned by AT&T), you will see triple digit ping speeds, like 150ms or even 200ms. This creates "lag" so the internet connection feels much slower. AT&T GoPhone (AT&T's upper tier prepaid brand) actually gets data off AT&T's postpaid servers, just like the contract customers. So, the speed is fast and minimal lag.. Join Date Mar 2012. Thanks for taking the time to post your detailed review. Sent from my son's iPad using Tapatalk. Join Date Dec 2010. Join Date Nov 2010. Device(s) Moto Maxx (XT1225, LG Nexus 5 (LG-D820). Last edited by ChazzMatt; 12-23-2014 at 01:49 PM .. While I bought mine on eBay from Puerto Rico (U.S.A. territory), right now, Motorola Mexico has them on Christmas sale for 7,999 Mexican pesos. $540 - $550, depending on daily currency fluctuation. $545 right now, as I type this. But I bought my second Moto Maxx last week from this site for $542, charged to my credit card. Normally priced at 8,999 Mexican pesos... You order straight from Motorola Mexico website. Takes about 10 days to arrive. My has a delivery estimate of December 24, to arrive in Mexico. The catch is you have to use a Mexican delivery address. In another forum, there's a guy who offers a turnaround shipping service, for $40 + FedEx shipping charges. He supplies his work address, gets the phones there, ships them to his turnaround shipping customers. So, I should get my 2nd Moto Maxx by the first week of January. Estimating the FedEx shipping from Mexico, probably another $40 - $50? Anyway, I'm getting a second Moto Maxx this way, for a total of LESS than $650. ($542 + $40 fee + FedEx shipping charges.). For reference, remember the 64GB Nexus 6 varaiant is $700. Moto Maxx only comes with 64GB internal memory. While I paid more than that to eBay Puerto Rico seller, I'll make up the difference by selling this 2nd one on eBay. My wife still loves her Nexus 5, she doesn't want a new phone. If you aren't comfortable with that, then look for the Moto Maxx XT1225 on eBay. There's at least one guy selling Verizon Droid Turbo and calling it the Moto Maxx! (But the Droid Turbo only has Verizon LTE bands.) Also, you have to put "Moto Maxx" in quotes, as otherwise you will see some listings for the old Motorola "Droid Maxx".. Join Date Dec 2010. ^^Thanks for the tips and info. My screen is bigger than yours. Join Date Jan 2005. Carrier(s) VZW on Puppy Wireless and TW. Join Date Dec 2014. Hey Chazz...how can I get in touch with the guy who turns around the xt1225.. Join Date Nov 2010. Device(s) Moto Maxx (XT1225, LG Nexus 5 (LG-D820). Last edited by ChazzMatt; 12-24-2014 at 03:18 PM .. I'll PM you, since it's another forum. UPDATE: My 2nd Moto Maxx just arrived in at Mexican turnaround address. The guy sent me a picture. Now, he's going to ship it to me. I asked him to open it to check everything. (I blurred numbers and identifiers, just in case.). Hey Chazz...how can I get in touch with the guy who turns around the xt1225.. Join Date Nov 2010. Device(s) Moto Maxx (XT1225, LG Nexus 5 (LG-D820). Here's an interesting review of Verizon's "Droid Turbo", which is a clone of my "Moto Maxx". He even mentions the Moto Maxx in the review. Same phone, except different model name for Verizon. Only differences are Moto Maxx only comes in "ballistic nylon" finish and only comes with the largest storage option of 64GB. And the Moto Maxx works on AT&T GSM/HSPA/ LTE. The model this guy reviews is the ballistic nylon version of the Droid Turbo , so it's basically a review of MY phone. Join Date Sep 2012. Feedback Score 2 (100%). Hey ChazzMatt, good review of the Moto Maxx. How much do they run for?. I've got more phones than fingers. Join Date Nov 2002. No band 5 LTE or carrier aggregation? I upgraded to the Nexus6 from the 5. I still have my Nexus5 with my free Cricket sim that is lag free. When I go back and forth between them, the Nexus6 just feels right on the size. I did use a Note2 for a while so I am used to the size. Never understand why people are so mad about the screen size, it's like the Note series that sells so well. Nexus6 has been hands down the best phone I have owned. I love the ability to jump between the major 4 carriers in the US. Every phone should be like that. It would make things so much easier. Figured you would want a phone with CA, band 5 and the new band 29 LTE as well since you love speed tests all the time.. I've got more phones than fingers. Join Date Aug 2013. The Nexus 6 size is an acquired taste, and it would always be too big for me. I have trouble feeling comfortable with the 5.5" OPO in my hand sometimes, certainly too big for long telephone calls to hold it to my ear. I know there's speakerphone but you don't always want to do that. I was just holding an older phone I have that's 4.7" for a few hours this morning and it felt just right. If Google was going to release a universal phone why make it a size that's really too big for most people? And the price is too high too.. No band 5 LTE or carrier aggregation? I upgraded to the Nexus6 from the 5. I still have my Nexus5 with my free Cricket sim that is lag free. When I go back and forth between them, the Nexus6 just feels right on the size. I did use a Note2 for a while so I am used to the size. Never understand why people are so mad about the screen size, it's like the Note series that sells so well. Nexus6 has been hands down the best phone I have owned. I love the ability to jump between the major 4 carriers in the US. Every phone should be like that. It would make things so much easier. Figured you would want a phone with CA, band 5 and the new band 29 LTE as well since you love speed tests all the time.. I've got more phones than fingers. Join Date May 2009. I gave up trying to buy the 64GB version of the Nexus 6 from either Motorola's web or from Google Play for 699$. It keeps saying out of stock, so why bother keep checking the sites. I don't want to buy from the carriers so I went to Apple Store and even they gave me the run around also since I wanted to buy the Verizon 6+ version. I had the 950$+ in my pocket but they refused to accept it so I left. I'm gonna keep using my Note 3. The Nexus 6 size is an acquired taste, and it would always be too big for me. I have trouble feeling comfortable with the 5.5" OPO in my hand sometimes, certainly too big for long telephone calls to hold it to my ear. I know there's speakerphone but you don't always want to do that. I was just holding an older phone I have that's 4.7" for a few hours this morning and it felt just right. If Google was going to release a universal phone why make it a size that's really too big for most people? And the price is too high too.. I've got more phones than fingers. Join Date Aug 2013. It's crazy when they give the customer a hard time buying something.. I gave up trying to buy the 64GB version of the Nexus 6 from either Motorola's web or from Google Play for 699$. It keeps saying out of stock, so why bother keep checking the sites. I don't want to buy from the carriers so I went to Apple Store and even they gave me the run around also since I wanted to buy the Verizon 6+ version. I had the 950$+ in my pocket but they refused to accept it so I left. I'm gonna keep using my Note 3. I've got more phones than fingers. Join Date Nov 2002. Most people don't talk on the phone anymore or more than 10 minutes at a time. I do agree on the price.. That was a big jump from the Nexus5. But honestly I was shocked it was so cheap when it came out. Crazy like that dang invite system so you have to be part of some clan to be cool.. The Nexus 6 size is an acquired taste, and it would always be too big for me. I have trouble feeling comfortable with the 5.5" OPO in my hand sometimes, certainly too big for long telephone calls to hold it to my ear. I know there's speakerphone but you don't always want to do that. I was just holding an older phone I have that's 4.7" for a few hours this morning and it felt just right. If Google was going to release a universal phone why make it a size that's really too big for most people? And the price is too high too.. It's crazy when they give the customer a hard time buying something.. GSMSwift.com - Wholesale & Bulk Cell Phone Unlocking Services Provider. CELLUNLOCKER.NET - UNLOCK your Phone to Any GSM Network, Fastest & LowestPrice 100% Guaranteed. attunlockcode.com - Unlock Your Mobile With Any Carrier | Best Online Phone Codes | Fastest Response. UnlockAndroid.net - #1 Site for Unlocking your Cellphone - Lowest Price Guaranted. UnlockPhoneNetwork.com - The internet's most trusted and secure mobile unlocking solution. UnlockBase - Cell Phone Unlock Codes Marketplace. ATTPhoneUnlockingShop.us - Specialists in unlocking any mobile phone on AT&T network. Codes2unlock.com - Unlock Your Phone Easily and Safely. REAL Mobile  Activate your Sprint phone on its native network for less Off contract Sprint, Unlocke. CellUnlock.net-Your #1 Source to Unlock Your Phone Remotely by Code. UnlockRadar - Unlock Your Phone For Any Network Carrier | Cheap unlock codes | Fast delivery. Canadagsm.ca Best deals in mobilephones, accessories and unlocking all under one roof. Cellcorner.com - Professional mobile phone unlocking equipment, remote unlock, phone accessories. SwiftUnlocks.Com - Unlock your Phone TODAY: iPhone, Blackberry, HTC, LG, Motorola, Samsung & Mo. Cellphone Spare Parts & Repair Tools - LCD Digitizer Flex Cable from USA www.SSTparts.com. UnlockUnit.com & UnlockScope.com - Unlock Your Phone Safe, Fast and Secure!. CellphoneUnlock.net - How to Unlock Cell Phone by Unlock Code | Quickest Turnaround | Best Prices. SIM-UNLOCK.NET  easy and fast unlocking by code. CDMA Moto Discussion (Verizon, Alltel, Bell, US Cellular, Telus, etc). Which HTC is best for me?. Hacks and Programs For HTC Devices. VZW Game and Application Reviews & Discussion. Other Devices (HotSpots/MiFi, USB Modems, Netbooks, etc.). HotSpot / HotSpot Calling / @ Home. Data Aircards / USB Modems / Netbooks. I am not getting what I agreed to!. Tutorials, DIY Guides, and Custom ROM's. Page Plus Handset and Technical Forum. Media Bundles From All Other Providers. Media Bundles From All Other Providers. Please support HowardForums and check the Marketplace. Frustrated with my Moto Maxx Ve!. By shooptek in forum Feature Phones. Last Post: 07-22-2007, 09:17 PM. My comparison of an LG VX8600 & the Moto Maxx VE. By jevid in forum Feature Phones. Last Post: 06-12-2007, 09:41 PM. Buying a SE Z600 or a Moto V690 for my GF. Last Post: 09-03-2004, 04:41 PM. Buying a SE Z600 or a Moto V690 for my GF. Last Post: 09-02-2004, 07:03 PM. Last Post: 02-14-2004, 05:59 AM. The time now is 04:43 AM. Website Design by: Relivo Media. vB Optimise v2.6.0 Beta 4 (Pro) -. vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2018 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. Two-Factor Authentication v1.0.2 (Free) -. vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2018 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. 
Compre seu Celular Seminovo com Garantia!. Compre seu Celular Seminovo com Garantia!. 0u até 3 x de R$219.67 sem juros. R$1.525,00 Comparado a um aparelho novo!. Condição: Todos os nossos aparelhos seminovos funcionam como novos, mas, esteticamente, podem apresentar algumas diferenças.. Aparelho com poucos sinais de uso, como pequenos arranhões.. Aparelho com alguns sinais de uso, porém mais leves. Podem ser arranhões, riscos e/ou amassados.. Aparelho com diversos sinais de uso mais nítidos, como arranhões, riscos e amassados.. Por favor, digite o CEP correspondente a sua rua.. Ops! Esse produto se esgotou :/. Quero ser avisado quando estiver disponível. Enviaremos uma notificação para seu e-mail assim que o produto estiver disponível.. Ao comprar um telefone recondicionado, você contribui para a reducão do lixo eletrônico e para uma forma de viver mais consciente. Todos telefones comercializados pela Trocafone seguem este padrão.. Você tem dúvidas sobre os celulares na condição BOM?. Os celulares na condição BOM têm sinais de uso mais nítidos, como arranhões, riscos e pequenos amassados. Vale ressaltar que todos os nossos aparelhos são seminovos e funcionam como se fossem novos, ainda que possam apresentar alterações estéticas.. Pode apresentar algum tipo de risco.. Pode apresentar amassados, partes descascadas e/ou arranhões.. Pode apresentar alguns sinais de uso, como arranhões.. 1 Cabo USB alternativo (vendido separadamente). A Linha Moto Com Câmera e Processador Mais Potentes. O Moto Maxx é um smartphone diferenciado lançado em meados de 2014 pela Motorola. O design não é exatamente inovador, exceto pela capa traseira confeccionada em tecido resistente (o nylon balístico). Uma das características que mais chama a atenção é a câmera de 21 megapixels e ótimos sensores para captura de fotos. O desempenho do Moto Maxx também é um dos melhores de sua categoria.. Versão: Android 4.4.4 KitKat (atualizável). Resolução: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Autonomia em Standby: 675 horas. Se Surpreenda Com a Qualidade das Fotos. A Motorola investiu pesado na câmera do Moto Maxx. E não estamos falando apenas dos 21 megapixels da lente principal, mas também da abertura focal f/2.0 e do flash Dual LED, que ajuda a balancear as cores nos cliques feitos em ambientes com pouca luminosidade. A câmera frontal possui 2 megapixels e o resultado é satisfatório, tanto para as selfies quanto para as videochamadas. Os vídeos podem ser capturados em resolução de até 4K e é possível filmar em câmera lenta.. Apesar de não ser possível expandir a memória do Moto Maxx, o aparelho tem capacidade para 64 GB de armazenamento interno. É espaço suficiente para manter um número significativo de aplicativos instalados, fotos, vídeos e músicas. Como a memória cheia pode prejudicar o desempenho do dispositivo, você pode utilizar serviços de armazenamento na nuvem para liberar espaço no Moto Maxx, caso julgue necessário.. Um Celular Feito Para Ficar Longe da Tomada. Se, por um lado, o design do Moto Maxx não é um dos mais chamativos do mercado, você vai se surpreender com o hardware desse aparelho. O processador é um Qualcomm Snapdragon 805, com quatro núcleos rodando a uma velocidade de 2.7 Ghz e 3 GB de memória RAM. Como a Motorola é conhecida por realizar pouquíssimas modificações na interface do Android, a memória RAM do dispositivo fica praticamente livre para ser utilizada somente no processamento de dados e apps - e, nesse caso, os 3 GB fazem toda a diferença. A bateria de 3900 mAh também impressiona e, segundo os usuários, pode durar um dia inteiro mesmo com o uso exaustivo das funções (como jogos e vídeos, por exemplo).. Tela de Notificações Inteligente e Consumo de Energia. O Motorola Moto Maxx, assim como o Moto X, conta com a tela de notificações inteligente, que consome o mínimo de energia possível. Ao contrário da maioria dos celulares, que acendem toda a tela bloqueada quando chega uma notificação, apenas duas linhas de texto são utilizadas enquanto todos os outros pixels continuam desligados e, consequentemente, sem consumir energia desnecessária. O Moto Maxx possui conexão LTE 4G, Wi-Fi, suporte NFC e Bluetooth versão 4.0.. Textura da Tampa Traseira Fabricada em Nylon Balístico. Digamos que o "esqueleto" do Moto Maxx foi herdado do Moto X 2ª Geração: formato arredondado, bordas reforçadas, câmera e símbolo da fabricante posicionados de forma parecida. A diferença, além do acréscimo do flash duplo nos dois lados da lente principal, está na tampa traseira confeccionada em um tecido chamado nylon balístico. Ao contrário da tampa lisa feita de plástico ou metal, o nylon balístico ajuda a diminuir o risco de queda do aparelho das mãos. Os botões são capacitivos, ou seja, ficam fora da área da tela.. Android KitKat: O Sistema Operacional Inteligente. O Android nativo do Moto Maxx é a versão 4.4.4 KitKat, porém é possível atualizar para as versões mais recentes do sistema operacional. Com poucas modificações da interface, o Android exige o menor esforço possível do hardware (diferente dos aparelhos da Samsung, por exemplo), que fica livre para trabalhar apenas no processamento das informações recebidas pelos aplicativos.. 0u até 3 x de R$219.67 sem juros. Todos os aparelhos seminovos que comercializamos foram criteriosamente revisados e testados por nossa equipe de técnicos especializados. Nós garantimos que o aparelho que você recebe está em ótimo estado de conservação e funciona como novo.. Você tem 3 meses de garantia para problemas técnicos e 7 dias para devoluções por conta da Trocafone.. "Graças a Trocafone comprei meu Samsung Galaxy. O serviço foi incrível e eu paguei em 6 vezes sem juros!". "Excelente serviço e atendimento ao cliente!" -Estela Silva. "Realmente a Trocafone cumpre com o que promete, muito obrigado. Eu agora sou 100% Trocafone!" -Maciel Silva. Trabalhamos em parceria e contamos com a experiência das melhores empresas do mercado. Na Trocafone, estamos comprometidos com a melhoria do meio ambiente e por isso aderimos à Lei nº 12.305/10, de resíduos sólidos.. Trocafone – Comercialização de Aparelhos Eletrônicos LTDA / CNPJ: 20.553.221/0001-02 / Endereço: Rua Frei Galvão, 91, Jardim Paulistano, São Paulo - SP. CEP 01454-060 (não atendemos nesse endereço. Comercializamos celulares, exclusivamente, por meio do nosso site e nos quiosques localizados no Shopping Tamboré, em Barueri, Osasco Plaza Shopping, São Bernardo Plaza Shopping, Shopping Granja Vianna, Shopping Taboão e Shopping Metrô Itaquera).. Atendimento ao cliente: Clique aqui l Para informações relacionadas à imprensa, entre em contato com: renata.s@brainstory.com.br. Site Seguro com criptografia(SSL) Homologado pela GlobleSSL. Trocafone – Comercialização de Aparelhos Eletrônicos LTDA / CNPJ: 20.553.221/0001-02 / Endereço: Rua Frei Galvão, 91, Jardim Paulistano, São Paulo - SP. CEP 01454-060 (não atendemos nesse endereço. Comercializamos celulares, exclusivamente, por meio do nosso site e nos quiosques localizados no Shopping Tamboré, em Barueri, Osasco Plaza Shopping, São Bernardo Plaza Shopping, Shopping Granja Vianna, Shopping Taboão e Shopping Metrô Itaquera).. Atendimento ao cliente: Clique aqui l Para informações relacionadas à imprensa, entre em contato com: renata.s@brainstory.com.br. 
MENU NEW PHONES 2018 BEST PHONES NETWORKS PHONES BY CATEGORY PHONE CHOOSER. Most Popular The Best Phones In 2018 New & Upcoming 2018 Phones in Pictures Confused? Let us find your 5 best phones By Mobile Network AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Wireless All U.S. Networks Canada Networks UK Networks Cell Phones Samsung LG HTC Smartphones BLU Sony Google Nokia Motorola BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Apple (iPhone) Kyocera Huawei Lenovo Micromax Oppo Acer Asus (+) Much more brands... Best Phones As Of February 2018 (12 Categories) See New Motorola Phones 2018 In Pictures Don't Buy The Wrong Phone! Celliminator Will Find Your Perfect Phone. 58 Important Motorola Moto Maxx Specs. Key Specs Processing features Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor on four cores at 2.7GHz with a 3GB RAM Display details 565DPI 5.2-inch screen with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels Imaging 21-megapixel main / 2-megapixel selfie / 3840 X 2160-pixel camcorder (24 FPS) Release date Oct 31, 2014 Camera Details Camera Resolution 21-megapixel Camera flash Dual LED Camera Options Touch focus Geo-tagging Face/Smile detection Panorama HDR Camera Features Autofocus Max Video Resolution 3840 X 2160 px Video frames per second 24 SELFIE CAMERA Selfie Cam Resolution 2-megapixel Screen Display size 5.2 inches Display dots per inch 565 DPI Display Type OLED Color Mode 16777216 colors Multi-touch screen Yes Touch-Screen Capacitive Display Resolution 2560 x 1440 px Display's superficy 11.55 square inches Display's superficy (metric) 293.37 square mm Display finish Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Display total pixels 3686400 Performance Downloadable Applications via Google Play Store Operating System Android 4.4.4 KitKat (free upgrade to v5.0 Lollipop) Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 CPU Cores 4 Processor Speed 2.7GHz RAM 3GB Graphic Processor (GPU) Adreno 420 Physical Features Weight (grams) 176 g Thickness (metric) 11.2 (8.3-11.2 curve) mm Width (metric) 73.3 mm Height (metric) 143.5 mm Grams per cubic cm 0.15 g/cu cm Headset Jack 3.5mm Available colors Black Ballistic Nylon Ambient light detector Yes Connectivity 4G Networks LTE SIM card type Nano SIM Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band Wi-Fi Direct Yes Bluetooth Technology 4.0 LE DLNA Yes USB class MicroUSB v2.0 Mobile hotspot Yes Connectors USB 2.0 Storage Memory Memory 64GB Battery Life Usage time 2880 min. Battery type Lithium-Polymer Battery Power 3900mAh mAh per gram 22 mAh/g mAh per mm thick 348 mAh/mm of thickness mAh per display square in. Battery charging time 15 min for 8 hours hours Messaging Voice SMS Yes Other features Sensors Accelerometer, Gyro, Proximity, Compass Included software Moto software suite Quick Charge 2.0 Location services A-GPS, GLONASS. With its 5.2-inch display, Motorola's Moto Maxx dons a high-end hardware set consisting of a 2.7GHz Qualcomm 805 quad-core processor, a 3GB RAM, and a 3900mAh battery complemented by the brand's signature Turbo Charger accessory. Under its Quad HD 565ppi screen is a 21-megapixel sensor that records 4K (3840 x 2160) videos at 24fps.. The Moto Maxx leaves the protective duties to a mix of ballistic nylon, DuPont Kevlar fiber, and Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for its screen. Other specs include an Adreno 420 GPU, a 64GB internal memory, and a 2-megapixel Full HD frontal camera.. See all the newest and upcoming Motorola phones.. You Should Also Be Interested In These:. * Spec accuracy is not guaranteed. Please do a confirmation of the key specs before making a final choice. Cell phone makers do not always detail all their phone's functions, making it difficult for us to guess whether or not a specific cell phone has a specific function. If you spot an inaccuracy in this spec sheet, please let us know as soon as possible.. Don't Be Selfish & Let Others Know... * Prices shown are only indicative. They were recently fetched by our system and may have changed meanwhile.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Home >> Phones >> Motorola >>Moto Maxx. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Motorola Moto Maxx is a Smart Phone Powered by Android 4.4.4 KitKat and 21 MP Auto Focus Rear Camera with 4K Video recording.. - 2.7 GHz Quad-Core APQ8084 Snapdragon 805 Processor. - 5.2 Inch Quad HD AMOLED Display. - 21MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Motorola Moto Maxx User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto Maxx updated to Android 5.0.2. Motorola Moto Maxx updated to Android 5.0.2. posted by Alan F.. Tags :. Motorola - Motorola + Android - Android + Software updates - Software updates +. Motorola and Verizon have said that the Motorola DROID Turbo will be receiving Android 5.1. When is this coming? According to a Verizon test engineer, the update will start getting pushed out in the middle of next month. But the non-CDMA version of the phone, made for those in Latin America and India , has just been updated to Android 5.0.2 in the latter country. The Motorola Moto Maxx (XT1225) offers the same specs as the Motorola DROID Turbo, which is a Verizon exclusive in the states. Unlike the DROID Turbo, which is available in both 32GB and 64GB versions, the Moto Maxx can be purchased only with 64GB of native storage which means it comes with the ballistic nylon back. According to the owner of the updated device , following the update the touchscreen felt more responsive and the unit managed to tally a slightly higher AnTuTu score. He is still exploring the phone to get an inventory on any changes. The update should bring the new Material Design look, Lock Screen notifications, the new "Recent Apps" menu, two-finger slide down for Quick Settings from any page, the 64-bit ART compiler which opens apps faster, Project Volta for improved battery life, and more. Hopefully the update also contains a fix for the bug that has been ailing some Moto Maxx owners who aren't getting anything close to the battery life that they should be enjoying. This is also an issue on the DROID Turbo with some owners of the handset finding themselves receiving screen time of four to five hours before the 3900mAh battery conks out. Our test of battery life back in October showed that the phone was on top of the list with the battery powering the screen for 10 hours and 43 minutes. Thanks for the tip! source: BestGadgetry.com. Motorola Moto Maxx is updated to Android 5.0.2. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 33; Member since: 10 Jul 2014). posted on 23 May 2015, 05:17. If only it was available in the UK... (Posts: 306; Member since: 27 Feb 2015). posted on 23 May 2015, 06:26. Motorola why you don't sell it globally :(. (Posts: 433; Member since: 05 Jan 2015). posted on 24 May 2015, 12:12. Most retarded move ever by Motorola to not make this phone available worldwide and stateside. Their exclusivity agreement with Verizon is a huge hindrance to them becoming a dominant player in the US since they basically cut their potential customers by at least 60%. I would've bought this device (GSM variant) if it had been made available stateside, but Motorola is just interested in making phones, not selling them.. (Posts: 15; Member since: 28 Sep 2012). posted on 31 May 2015, 19:51. I ordered it on Swappa and am using it on T-Mobile. I got sick of my S6 Edge and have fallen in love with the Maxx.. (Posts: 226; Member since: 10 May 2015). posted on 23 May 2015, 06:34. Oh over a half year since lollipop released. (Posts: 1004; Member since: 27 Jul 2014). posted on 24 May 2015, 14:08. I love Android but waiting that much for updates is really stressing..... (Posts: 2060; Member since: 30 Apr 2013). posted on 25 May 2015, 09:09. Your brain is full of lag. If you love your iOS device, then stop being so fixated on Android then.. (Posts: 2236; Member since: 14 Jun 2013). posted on 23 May 2015, 06:38. For those of you who want one, check Swappa. I picked up one this week because I had been really wanting to try it out after using the Droid Turbo. I would have just kept the Turbo, but I'm on AT&T, and the Turbo lacks the most important AT&T LTE bands. The Maxx has all the AT&T LTE bands, and almost all of the T-Mo bands, it doesn't have bloatware, and no branding...at all. posted on 23 May 2015, 09:04. The storage, ram and battery failures of lollipop on my Note 3 are so bad, I'd switch to another os this weekend if my choices weren't two os rivals that are so limiting they won't even let me personalize my home screen properly.. (Posts: 104; Member since: 26 Sep 2013). posted on 25 May 2015, 13:37. Moto Maxx has had 5.0.2 since March. I can show you the OFFICIAL images on XDA. (Posts: 1; Member since: 12 Jan 2017). posted on 12 Jan 2017, 00:14. Even I didnt get the update notifications. (Posts: 2; Member since: 27 Mar 2017). posted on 02 Jan 2018, 04:41. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Motorola Moto Maxx updated to Android 5.0.2. Motorola Moto Maxx updated to Android 5.0.2. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto Maxx (Droid Turbo global version) smiles for the camera. Motorola Moto Maxx (Droid Turbo global version) smiles for the camera. posted by Florin T.. Tags :. Motorola - Motorola + Android - Android +. Not long ago, we told you that Motorola would soon announce a global version of its Droid Turbo. The announcement should take place in Brazil on November 5 - two days from now. It looks like the global variant of the Droid Turbo is called Motorola Moto Maxx (just as previously rumored). Someone in Brazil is already testing the Moto Maxx, and posted photos of the handset on Google +, including some images that all but confirm its final name. As expected, the Moto Maxx seems to be identical to the Droid Turbo, thus featuring a 5.2-inch display with 1440 x 2560 pixels, a 2.7 GHz Snapdragon 805 processor, a 20.7 MP rear camera, 64 GB of internal memory, and a huge 3900 mAh battery with Turbo Charging capabilities. Stock Android 4.4.4 KitKat will run the show.. It’s not the first time when a Verizon -exclusive Motorola Droid is about to be released in other markets under a different name (since the Droid brand can be used only by Verizon). Unfortunately, for now we don’t know when (or if) the Moto Maxx will be available in other countries besides Brazil. But let's hope we’ll hear more on this later this week. Until then, you should read our Motorola Droid Turbo review here. source: Google+ via Android Police. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Motorola DROID Turbo Compare. Motorola Droid Turbo to receive Soak Test; could a surprise Nougat update be on the way?. Motorola DROID Turbo finally getting Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. Motorola DROID Turbo gets soak test prior to Android 6.0 update. Motorola DROID Turbo about to receive Android 6.0?. Original Motorola DROID Turbo receives a security update from Verizon. Verizon pushes out security update to the Motorola DROID Turbo. (Posts: 233; Member since: 15 May 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 14:39. Please release this bad boy in France ASAP. I can't help thinking about a nov 5 launch date in Europe but it sounds too good to be true.. (Posts: 1037; Member since: 10 Feb 2012). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 14:40. (Posts: 470; Member since: 26 Feb 2012). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 14:42. (Posts: 280; Member since: 16 Dec 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 14:50. (Posts: 34; Member since: 23 Sep 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 14:44. I do not understand this strategy of motorola. The buttons on the android 5 will be refurbished. Why release a phone with outdated and capacitive buttons, the trend is all be virtual like google own invented !. (Posts: 2486; Member since: 26 Jan 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 14:49. Samsung, the biggest Android manufacturer, still uses hardware and capacitive buttons, so I don't see why Motorola can't.... (Posts: 465; Member since: 15 Jul 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 15:11. They're doing it to save some screen real estate i guess. If you notice how this device is engineered and how it has to compensate for the heating of the SoC, the screen, the antennae, and the battery (during charging and otherwise) they probably needed the space anyway.... (Posts: 1256; Member since: 12 Nov 2012). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 19:11. I beg to disagree! Some people still prefer physical or capacitive buttons on their phones! Not those on screen navigation!!! You bought a huge phone yet you can't use everything with that on the screen!. (Posts: 474; Member since: 29 Dec 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 21:00. I'm more partial to onscreen buttons myself but I'm glad the buttons aren't the shapes that are present in Android 5.0. And in a device as complete as this I would be willing to compromise.. (Posts: 14605; Member since: 19 Dec 2008). posted on 04 Nov 2014, 00:44. I really enjoy onscreen buttons on my N4, but yea, if that's the only "sacrifice" I had to make, then bring it on.. (Posts: 34; Member since: 23 Sep 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 15:27. Where is capacitive could be virtual button and some application or games virtual buttons could disappear.. (Posts: 27; Member since: 08 Oct 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 15:32. oh yes!! please get this to europe without middle men buying it for me!! :D. (Posts: 70; Member since: 28 Aug 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 15:57. (Posts: 1367; Member since: 05 Oct 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 16:07. Fix the damn screen brightness otherwise gtfo. (Posts: 518; Member since: 31 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 16:23. posted on 03 Nov 2014, 16:57. Looks like I found my next UNLOCKED PHONE. (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 17:49. Bring this to the US and not the vzn but one for AT&T. (Posts: 264; Member since: 07 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 17:56. Haven't use Motorola since the xoom tablet, but this beast is an ideal phone this year. Hope Moto unleash gsm variant quickly in the market.. (Posts: 7; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 18:32. Of course it will be gsm capable. It just need the unlock code or that Verizon unlocks it.. (Posts: 264; Member since: 07 Jan 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 19:08. (Posts: 200; Member since: 08 Sep 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 18:45. This is exatly what I expected from phones in the begining of the year. SD 805, 3Gb of RAM, more battery capacity, a next step camera.. (Posts: 4674; Member since: 28 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 19:24. And instead we got mostly SD 801 (warmed-over 800), 2 GB. Which phones like the LG G2 already had last fall. But that's pretty much what happened in 2012-early 2013 with the S4 Pro/SD 600. At least Nexus 5 owners don't feel like their phones are obsolete already.. (Posts: 1032; Member since: 24 Jan 2012). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 22:32. SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY MOTOROLA.... (Posts: 120; Member since: 10 Nov 2013). posted on 03 Nov 2014, 22:55. (Posts: 14605; Member since: 19 Dec 2008). posted on 04 Nov 2014, 00:46. Now to find out how long VZW has USA exclusivity. otherwise I might just F the world and get an N6 despite its size. If my only other choices are S5 and G3, I might as well go the lil bit bigger and get a nexus, which is where the fun really is.. (Posts: 4935; Member since: 04 Mar 2010). posted on 04 Nov 2014, 00:57. If they follow their past strategy, it will be indefinitely. The Motorola Droid never had an official US GSM version. IIRC it was available in Europe and Canada but never the US. I don't know this firsthand, but many say putting a T-Mobile Sim card allows it to work on their network, I've heard of some using the Droid Maxx on StraightTalk also. (Posts: 70; Member since: 28 Aug 2013). posted on 04 Nov 2014, 01:23. Some droid turbo owners said that the've recieved an update fixed the brightness issue.. (Posts: 4935; Member since: 04 Mar 2010). posted on 04 Nov 2014, 02:02. I got the update while I was setting up my phone so I can't say the difference from before it, but at full brightness it hurts my eyes if I'm inside. (Posts: 77; Member since: 04 Oct 2013). posted on 04 Nov 2014, 02:02. what is its price gonna be. (Posts: 27; Member since: 08 Oct 2014). posted on 04 Nov 2014, 02:39. how is it to buy a verizon phone to use in european countries? are they factory gsm unlocked from the box, or do they need some extra tinkering? the turbo is already global gsm capable.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Motorola Moto Maxx (Droid Turbo global version) smiles for the camera. Motorola Moto Maxx (Droid Turbo global version) smiles for the camera. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
