GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 144.4 x 72 x 9.9 mm (5.69 x 2.83 x 0.39 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~66.3% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.1.1 (Nougat). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. XT1604 XT1602 XT1607 XT1609 XT1601 XT1603. Versions: XT1604 (Europe); XT1602 (Europe, India, Australia); XT1607 (USA, Canada); XT1609 (USA); XT1601 (LATAM, Mexico); XT1603 (Brazil). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto G4 Play - user opinions and reviews. Inserted 64GB SD card and now it has 80GB. And most important is stock android which is very smooth.. Guys if u wanna use android v8.0 Oreo on Moto G4 Play. Check on YouTube how to unlock your phone or visit your nearest mobile software shop.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Moto G4 Play is the smallest, least expensive phone in Motorola's unlocked G4 lineup, with decent overall performance and broad carrier compatibility. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. Stock Android UI with no bloatware. The Moto G4 Play is the smallest, least expensive phone in Motorola's unlocked G4 lineup, with decent overall performance and broad carrier compatibility.. The Moto G4 and G4 Plus are great phones for buyers on budgets, but not everyone wants a 5.5-inch screen. The unlocked Motorola Moto G4 Play scales things down to 5 inches and drops the price to $149.99 while keeping the design language, software experience, and broad carrier compatibility consistent across the board. But the G4 Play has a lower-resolution display and less-powerful hardware than its larger counterparts, making it slightly less appealing. It's no threat to the Blu R1 HD , which delivers better performance for less money, and retains Editors' Choice honors in the budget unlocked phone arena.. Design, Features, and Display The G4 Play has the same gray-and-black polycarbonate design as the G4 and G4 Plus , just in a smaller form factor. The handset measures 5.7 by 2.8 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and weighs 4.8 ounces, smaller and lighter than the G4 (6.0 by 3.0 by 0.4 inches, 5.5 ounces), and roughly on par with the R1 HD (5.6 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5 ounces). One-handed use is easy, though I'm not fond of the fairly thick bezel around the display or the lip at the bottom.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. All other physical features remain largely the same as the other G4 models. The power button and volume rocker can be found on the right side, a micro USB charging port is on the bottom, and the 3.5mm headphone jack is up top. The back cover peels off to give you access to the SIM card slot, a microSD card slot that works with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card, and a removable 2,800mAh battery. That last feature is one you won't find on either the G4 or the R1 HD, which is definitely a plus if you like to carry around a spare battery.. On the you'll find a 5-inch, 1,280-by-720 IPS display. The resolution works out to 294 pixels per inch ( ), just like the R1 HD, which isn't nearly as sharp as the 5.5-inch, 1080p panel on the G4 (401ppi). That said, the display benefits from good color reproduction and viewing angles. But it doesn't get very bright, which makes it difficult to see in sunlight.. Network Performance and Call Quality The Play is compatible with all four major US carriers, which is a big advantage over the R1 HD, which only works on AT&T and T-Mobile. It supports GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), CDMA (850/1900MHz), HSDPA (850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz), and LTE (1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/25/26/41) bands. We tested it on AT&T and Verizon in midtown Manhattan and saw performance on both carriers, with download speeds up to 32Mbps on Verizon and 22Mbps on AT&T. It also supports Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz band.. Transmissions came through loud and clear on both ends, with very little distortion even with loud construction noise nearby. And the earpiece is loud enough to be heard in noisy environments.. Processor and Battery The big difference between the Play and the G4/G4 Plus is performance. The Play is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor clocked at 1.2GHz, compared with the Snapdragon 617 that powers the other G4s. The difference in benchmark scores illustrates a notable difference: The Play scored 28,647 in AnTuTu, which tests overall system performance, while the G4 managed nearly double that at 46,260. It's also worth noting the Play scored lower than the MediaTek 6735-powered R1 HD (31,847).. Despite having a high UX score due to a lightweight UI, the Play managed a 3D score of just 720, compared with the R1 HD's 3,277. That means you'll get much better gaming performance on the R1 HD, which can actually run GTA: San Andreas, as to the Play, which offered up stop motion-like frame rates. Outside of 3D gaming, however, performance is smooth. The Play has 2GB of RAM, which is sufficient to handle a fair amount of multitasking.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life is a bright spot. The phone clocked 7 hours and 50 minutes in our rundown test, in which we set screen brightness to maximum and stream full-screen video over LTE. That's better than both the R1 HD (5 hours, 57 minutes) and the Moto G4 (6 hours, 1 minute). You shouldn't have any trouble getting a full day's use out of the phone, especially since you can always buy a spare battery and swap it in when needed.. Camera and Software The G4 Play has a capable 8-megapixel camera that falls in between the G4 and R1 HD in terms of picture quality. Shots taken outdoors are crisp, with colors that appear true to life. Autoexposure handles the contrast between shadows and sunlight well, better than most phones we see at this price range. There's some noise, though, specifically in the corners of pictures, and dimmer lighting results in muddiness and grain.. The Play is also capable of recording 1080p video at 30fps, but it can be a bit jittery. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera takes clear pictures, with occasional softness depending on lighting conditions. Overall, it's a solid camera for the price, capturing sharper images than the 8-megapixel R1 HD, but not quite as sharp as the 13-megapixel G4.. The Play comes running a stock build of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow , with no changes, additions, or customizations to speak off, aside from Motorola ID added to Settings. There's no bloatware, leaving you with 10.96GB out of 16GB of total storage. You can also take advantage of Android's Adoptable Storage feature, which lets you treat a microSD card like internal storage.. Conclusions Overall, the Motorola Moto G4 Play is basically a more compact, less expensive version of its larger siblings. a wide range of carrier bands, has decent overall performance, and runs a clean build of Android. For $50 more, however, you can get the G4, which has a sharper display and a faster processor, as long as you don't mind the increase in size. And for $50 less, you can get the Blu R1 HD, which offers similar features but better gaming performance, making it our Editors' Choice for low-cost smartphones.. Bottom Line: The Moto G4 Play is the smallest, least expensive phone in Motorola's unlocked G4 lineup, with decent overall performance and broad carrier compatibility.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (51). Discontinued: Verizon , U.S. Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Moto G4 Play is the most affordable smartphone in the new Moto G4 series. It is also the weakest, however, with a slower processor, a smaller screen, and a less capable camera. It is also missing features like Moto Maker customization and a fingerprint scanner. Still, a near-stock Android 6.0 build help with keeping things running smoothly.. Moto G4 Play Review Motorola Moto G4 Play manual Motorola Moto G4 Play benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.69 x 2.83 x 0.39 inches (144.4 x 72 x 9.9 mm). Weight: 4.83 oz (137 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.0 inches. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Manual focus, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1800, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 17 May 2016. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. LTE (FDD): Bands 13, 5, 4, 2. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto G4 Play specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Android 7.1.1 Nougat starts rolling out to Moto G4 Play after a 6-month delay. Save 40% on the Moto Z Play at B&H; other Moto models are also on sale. Motorola reversal: Moto G4 Plus to get updated to Android 8.0. Deal: Get the unlocked Moto G4 Play for just $100, 32% off its regular price. Android 7.1.1 Nougat rollout kicks off for the Moto G4 Play. Moto G4 Play price slashed to just $100, making it one of the best cheap phones you can buy in the U.S.. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Motorola Moto G4 Play. All Listings - Current page. results for Motorola Moto G4 Play. Save Motorola Moto G4 Play to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Motorola Moto G4 Play to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Moto G4 Play ‑ 16 GB ‑ Black ‑ Verizon - SMALL SCREEN CHIP -391824-. NEW UNLOCKED MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY XT1607 16GB GSM 4G LTE 5" FACTORY SEALED. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. NEW Motorola Moto G4 Play 16GB Unlocked BLACK Smartphone XT1607 - NO ADS!. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Flip Wallet Case Butterfly Bluesh Motorola Moto G4 Play Cash id Slot Stand Cover. DARK BLUE DEFENDER ARMOR COVER CASE BELT CLIP + BUNDLE - MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY. New Sealed, Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G4 Play MOTXT1609PP 5" 16GB Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $84.96. New Motorola Verizon MOTO G4 PLAY 16GB Prepaid Unlocked Black # 285005. Motorola Moto G4 Play 4G LTE 16GB unlocked for all verizon mvno page plus Phone. Moto G4 Play for Verizon Wireless prepaid. Motorola Moto G4 Play 16GB Unlocked BLACK Smartphone XT1607 - NO ADS+ warranty. Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 4G LTE. 4 new & refurbished from $96.44. NEW Unlocked Moto G4 Play XT1607 16GB GSM CDMA 4G LTE 5" VERIZON ATT T-MOBILE. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. *FOR REPAIR* Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 - Black (Verizon) 16GB Smartphone Only. 1 new & refurbished from $109.95. Exact Prism【Scratch Resistant】Bump er Case For Motorola Moto G4 Play Clear. Tactical Holster Case Combo for Motorola MOTO E4 G5 Plus G4 Play Droid Turbo. Moto G4 Play (4th gen.) 16GB Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE Andorid 2GB Black NEW. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) …. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 Play G 4th Gen XT1607 16GB Black Smartphone GSM. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 Play - XT1609 - 16GB - Verizon Prepaid - Smartphone - Black. 1 new & refurbished from $109.95. Motorola Moto G4 Play 4th Generation 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Android Smartphone. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation G4 16GB Black White Unlocked. MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY BLACK VERIZON XT1609 16GB- Fair Condition Prepaid. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Case Cover Built-in Screen Protector Shockproof Black. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5" XT1607 XT1609 Black SILICONE TPU Case Cover + Pen. Motorola Moto G4 Play Smartphone - Black - 16 GB - Unlocked Phone- BRAND NEW!. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Moto G4 Play for Verizon Wireless prepaid. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black... 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. NEW Motorola MOTO G4 Play XT1607, 4G LTE 16GB (Unlocked) - Black+ mfg warranty. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) …. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black... 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola - MOTO G4 Play 4G LTE -16GB Memory- Black (Factory Unlocked) 01057NARTL. Verizon Moto G4 Play 4G LTE Cell Phone 16GB Memory BLACK MOTXT1609PP GRADE A. 3 new & refurbished from $84.96. Brand New Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G G4 Play 4th Gen XT1609 4G LTE 5" 16GB. 3 new & refurbished from $84.96. Brand New Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G G4 Play 4th Gen XT1609 4G LTE 5" 16GB. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Case for Motorola Moto G4 Play Hardcover rubberized red + protective foils. BLACK DEFENDER ARMOR COVER CASE BELT CLIP + BUNDLE - MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY. VERIZON MOTO G4 PLAY 4G LTE 16GB 8MP ANDROID 6.0.1 Black SMARTPHONE. New Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 16GB Black Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Lot of 11 Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 4G LTE. Verizon Prepaid Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 4G LTE. 4 new & refurbished from $96.44. Factory Unlocked GSM CDMA Moto G G4 Play XT1607 4th Gen 4G 5" 16GB Black(No Ads). VERIZON PREPAID MOTO G4 PLAY 4G LTE 16GB 8MP ANDROID MARSHMALLOW 6.0.1. Moto G4 Play 4G LTE 16GB Verizon Wireless Prepaid - Black smartphone D2. 3 new & refurbished from $84.96. New Verizon Wireless Prepaid Moto G4 Play 4G LTE 16GB Memory Smartphone Black. 3 new & refurbished from $84.96. NEW Motorola Moto G4 Play 16GB Black unlock XT1601 Smartphone. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Amzer Pudding TPU Skin Fit Back Protective Case Cover for Motorola Moto G4 Play. + Frame For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 LCD Display Touch Digitizer CN. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. US Seller | Fast Shipping | Black and White. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 4G LTE SIM pre-installed only for Verison pre-paid. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto G4 Play - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Waterproof Bag. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. Motorola Moto G4 Play -Bolt Heavy-Duty Rugged Case, Holster and Screen Combo, Tan/Camo. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Flexible, precision-molded silicone and rigid polycarbonate. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto G4 Play Manual / User Guide. This is the official Motorola Moto G4 Play User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see our Specs page.. Please enter the Captcha on the left and click. You must click on the checkbox above, before proceeding.. The Moto G4 Play is the most affordable smartphone in the new Moto G4 series. It is also the weakest, however, with a slower processor, a smaller screen, and a less capable camera. It is also missing features like Moto Maker customization and a fingerprint scanner. Still, a near-stock Android 6.0 build help with keeping things running smoothly.. Android 7.1.1 Nougat starts rolling out to Moto G4 Play after a 6-month delay. Save 40% on the Moto Z Play at B&H; other Moto models are also on sale. Motorola reversal: Moto G4 Plus to get updated to Android 8.0. Deal: Get the unlocked Moto G4 Play for just $100, 32% off its regular price. Android 7.1.1 Nougat rollout kicks off for the Moto G4 Play. Moto G4 Play price slashed to just $100, making it one of the best cheap phones you can buy in the U.S.. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The Successor to the 3rd-Gen Moto. Samsung Galaxy S9 arrives today: 5 things to know. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Samsung unveils its camera-focused Galaxy S9 handsets. A second save slot in Metal Gear Survive costs $10. The Successor to the 3rd-Gen Moto. For budget smartphone buyers, the phone series I continually recommend is the Motorola Moto G. Now in its fourth iteration, the Moto G has delivered excellent entry-level value since its inception, despite increasingly stronger competition from Chinese vendors. The recently-released Moto G4 Play is no exception.. The G4 Play is the cheapest model in Motorola’s revamped Moto G line, which also includes the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. While the standard Moto G4 received several hardware updates relative to last year’s third-generation Moto G, the G4 Play is a minor refresh that packs largely the same hardware at a lower price point.. Returning in the Moto G4 Play is the 5.0-inch 720p LCD and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 SoC, along with 16 GB of storage and 2 GB of RAM as standard. Last year, this bundle of hardware cost $220 at launch, but in 2016 you’ll pay just $150: a significant 32 percent reduction in price. The G4 Play also packs a larger battery, but a downgraded camera system.. One of the more interesting things to note about the G4 Play is that Motorola has managed to include a larger battery without increasing the size or weight of the smartphone’s chassis. Instead, the G4 Play is actually slimmer than its predecessor (9.9 vs. 11.6 mm), and just under 20 grams has been shaved off the overall weight, which helps this entry-level handset feel less like a brick.. On the other hand, Motorola has made no attempts to improve the overall design of the entry-level G4 Play. While Chinese competitors are upgrading their budget designs with attractive metal unibodies, Motorola has stagnated, releasing yet another cheap plastic body.. The G4 Play doesn’t feel bad in the hand – the curved plastic rear, textured with a weave-like pattern, is comfortable and has plenty of grip – but you won’t mistake this for something expensive. Simply put, the G4 Play feels and looks cheap.. When combined with large bezels around the five-inch screen, particularly on the left and right sides, it’s clear that the engineers behind the G4 Play paid little attention to design, resulting in a bland and boring smartphone.. But there are still some positives to discuss. The corners of this handset are rounded nicely such that the G4 Play fits snugly in the hand, and both the power and volume buttons on the right-hand side are in a comfortable location. The signature Motorola dimple is still present on the rear panel, but like with the third-gen Moto G, it’s not in a location that assists with ergonomics.. The camera module on the rear panel has been redesigned to more closely match the Moto G4 and G4 Plus, although I’m not a fan of its look or how it protrudes a half millimeter or so from the rear casing.. The second speaker on the G4 Play’s front panel has been removed, leaving a single speaker for both calls and media. The 2015 Moto G had two front-facing speakers but didn’t feature stereo audio, so the removal of the second speaker isn’t a feature downgrade. The quality of the G4 Play’s speaker is okay and can produce a fair amount of volume, though ideally I’d love to see the return of a second speaker in the large bezel below the display for stereo audio.. I was disappointed to discover there is no notification LED on the Moto G4 Play, which is one of my favorite aspects of Android’s notification system. There is a strange, unexplained sensor below the G4 Play’s display though.. The Moto G4 Play’s body is protected by a “water repellent nano-coating” which Motorola claims is enough to protect from “moderate exposure to water” such as accidental spills and light rain. The G4 Play is not water resistant and doesn’t carry an IP rating, though it’s good to see the phone is somewhat resistant to water ingress.. The G4 Play’s rear cover can be snapped off (with quite some force) to reveal a removable battery, which is new to this model. The previous version of the Moto G also featured a removable back, but strangely not a swappable battery, which is something they’ve now addressed.. Fans of dual-SIM functionality will be glad to hear the G4 Play supports two micro-SIMs, and there’s also a third slot for a microSD card.. Around the edges of the Play there are no surprises: micro-USB on the bottom, and the all-important 3.5mm headphone jack on the top. There are no capacitive buttons as Motorola has opted for on-screen buttons, which is a suitable decision, and there’s also no fingerprint sensor as you’d expect from a $150 product.. The Successor to the 3rd-Gen Moto G. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Galaxy S9 unveiled: it's all about the new cameras. 44 GPU Fortnite Benchmark: Best for playing Battle Royale. Budget Overclocking Guide: Ryzen 3 2200G. Razer Blade Stealth Review + Razer Core V2 eGPU. Got something to say? Post a comment. A question about installing OS on NVME. Tech Primer: What you need to know about DDR4 memory. The HTC 10: Some great features and less bloatware could help it compete with Apple and Samsung. Add your comment to this article. You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate.. Sign up for free , it takes 30 seconds.. Already have an account? Login now .. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
Access helpful information, user guides, tutorials and videos for your device.. I forgot my username or password .. I forgot my username or password .. Sign up for a My Sprint profile. Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Essential Franklin HTC Kyocera LG Motorola Samsung Slate Sonim Sprint ZTE. Find your phone by manufacturer :. Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Essential Franklin HTC Kyocera LG Motorola Samsung Slate Sonim Sprint ZTE. Samsung Galaxy S® 6 edge 32GB. You're seeing support specific to the. Total Equipment Protection Plus for smartphones gives you one-click access to a Tech Expert for premium support plus 25 GB backup for photos and videos. Complete setup by downloading the Tech Expert app from your app store. Advanced Protection Pack for tablets provides virus protection, the ability to secure and locate your device and back up your files. Download and install the Advanced Device Protect app to ensure you’re protected.. Overview - Motorola Moto G4 Play. Your mobile device is your connection to the world and the gatekeeper to your personal data. Check out one of our comprehensive device protection solutions to secure, replace and repair your investment. All solutions provide coverage for loss, theft, physical damage and mechanical or electrical breakdown.. This is the hub for learning about your device whether you're getting started, want to learn more or have a troubleshooting question.. Activate your device - Motorola Moto G4 Play. Install or replace the SIM card - Motorola Moto G4 Play. Set up and access voicemail - Motorola Moto G4 Play. Update data profile - Motorola Moto G4 Play. Turn 4G on or off - Motorola Moto G4 Play. Transfer files with your computer - Motorola Moto G4 Play. Install or replace your SD card - Motorola Moto G4 Play. FAQs related to text messaging on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. FAQs related to key features on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. FAQs related to voicemail on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. FAQs related to Wi-Fi hotspots on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. FAQs related to the battery on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. FAQs about the difference between cellular data and Wi-Fi. FAQs related to Google Play on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Enable/disable mobile data on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Recover contacts on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Change the ringtone volume and notification volume on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Change the phone ringtone and notification sound on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Check data usage on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Troubleshoot issues related to making and receiving calls on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Troubleshoot issues related to displaying no/low signal from the cellular network on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Install or replace the SIM card. Troubleshoot shortened battery life on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. User guides, programming instructions and software updates. Find and update the software version on your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Program your Motorola Moto G4 Play. Sign up for Sprint offers and news.. © 2018 Sprint.com - All Rights Reserved. iPhone 8 LOGO: Activ. Fee: Up to $30/line. Phone Offer: : iPhone 8 64GB $699.99. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. 2-for-1 iPhone 8: Reqs eligible plan. Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Higher memory configurations, and iPhone 8+ will receive the same mo. credit amount & will not be $0/mo. iPhone X offer: Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. iPhone Forever: Does not guarantee mo. payment amount, phone selection, or svc. Upgrade after 12 payments as long as lease & early upgrade offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details.. moto e4 one-phone offer: Limited time offer. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Tablet Offer: Limited time only.Â. & off set with bill credit. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first.Â. May not be combinable with other tablet offers. Requires activation at point of sale. Available to new and existing customers who have an active Sprint wireless phone line. qualifying data plan and new activation. Only 1 Tablet Offer per account during this offer. active smartphone line and is not limited to 1 free tablet.Â. installment agmt., 0% APR & qualifying device & svc. Down pymt., unfinanced portion & sales tax (on full purch. If you cancel wireless svc., remaining balance on device becomes due.Â. Free overnight shipping ($14.95) value: Next day shipping is available Monday-Friday if you place your order by 4PM EDT time (excludes holidays). If you place your order after that time, on the weekend or a holiday, we'll ship it to you on the next business day.. Galaxy Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model Galaxy, must be next generation Galaxy.. iPhone LOGO: Offer is for a limited time only. Phone Offer: iPhone 7 32GB $549.99. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. leases on iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus. Higher memory configurations and iPhone 7 Plus for second iPhone will receive $22.92/mo. service credit and will not be $0/mo. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Both devices must be acquired/returned in same transaction. iPhone Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Samsung 50% off lease offer: Offer is for a limited time only. Phone Offer: Samsung Galaxy Note8 SRP $949.99; Samsung Galaxy S8 (64GB) SRP $ 750. Samsung Galaxy S8+ (64GB) SRP $850; Samsung Galaxy S8 Active SRP $850. Samsung Galaxy Credits: end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/svc.: Remaining lease pymt. Galaxy Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model Galaxy, must be next generation Galaxy. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Pre-Owned Phones: Limited time offer. Available in select locations only, while supplies last. new line activation on qualifying data plan. Pre-Owned devices have normal wear and tear and signs of use. Limited 90 Day Replacement Warranty: Provides replacement coverage for eligible phones due to mechanical or electrical failure with valid warranty claim and phone return via claim shipping process. Replacement phone may be different brand, model, and/or color or contain non-original manufacturer parts. See sprint.com/preowned for limited warranty details or call 1-844-834-5579. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint & logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are property of their respective owners.. Sprint Deals: Limited time offer. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/svc.: Remaining lease pymt. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, & add-on if required, new phone Lease, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Add-on must be added within 30 days of purchase. May not be combinable with other offers. See store or sprint.com for details. Moto Insta-Share Projector Mod: Lease a new moto z2 force edition 7/25/17-10/12/17 and receive a free Moto Insta-Share Projector by mail. Limit one Moto Insta-Share Projector per moto z2 force edition purchased. Redemption is available online only and while supplies last. May not be combined with any other Motorola promotional offers. Offer subject to additional Terms and Conditions. See https://www.motorola.com/us/specials/offers for details. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint & logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are property of their respective owners.. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. installment agreement, 0% APR, & qualifying device & service plan. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. Monthly payment terms and down payment for all others will vary. Down payment, unfinanced portion and sales tax (on full purchase price) due at purchase. Early termination of 24-Month Installments/Service: If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due. Early Upgrade for 24-Month Installments: Req. active add-on thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive payments of both the buy up and an installment agreement for devices, new phone Installment Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled installment payments for giveback device are waived. iPhone Forever: Limited time offers. Monthly lease payments exclude taxes (varies by area). Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Upon completion of lease term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase, return, or trade-in the device. Must remain on qualifying service plan and in good standing for duration of lease. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. iPhone Forever: Applies to upgrade on lease. Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone. Models with higher configurations may require an additional one-time capital cost reduction payment due at signing. Contract buy out offer: Amount based on ETF (early termination fee) charged or remaining phone balance. port from other carrier to Sprint; remain active; in good standing for 30 days before card issuance & buyback of working phone tied to offer. Phone must be deactivated & all personal data deleted. Register & submit final bill w/ ETF or phone balance within 60 days of switching at sprint.com/joinsprint. Allow 15 days after registration approval for Prepaid Card arrival. Excludes discounted phones, 100+ Corporate-liable, prepaid & ports made between Sprint or related entities. ÃPrepaid card: is issued by MetaBankÂ¨, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. No cash access or recurring payments. Can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. Card and funds expires after 6 months. Card terms and conditions apply, see www.SprintPrepaidCard.com.. Early Termination Fee (sprint.com/etf): After 14 days, up to $350/line. Upgrade: See rebate form or sprint.com/upgrades for details. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. Sprint Unlimited Freedom plan: *** *Mo. USF charge of up to 19.5% (varies quarterly), up to $2.50 Admin. /line/mo.) & fees by area (approx. Savings compared to unlimited rates for 4 lines as of 5/15/17. Sprint Unlimited Freedom Plan: Incl. unlimited domestic calling, texting & data & 10GB of high-speed Mobile Hotspot, VPN & P2P. discount you must remain enrolled in AutoPay. (QoS): Customers who use more than 23GB of data during a billing cycle will be deprioritized during times & places where the Sprint network is constrained. Usage Limitations: To improve data experience for the majority of users, throughput may be limited, varied or reduced on the network. if off-network roaming usage in a mo. or a majority of min.; or (2) 100MB or a majority of KB. Prohibited network use rules applyâsee sprint.com/termsandconditions. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Our protection plans must be added within 30 days of activating your device. Claim based on Sprint's analysis of average LTE download speeds using Nielsen NMP data (Feb. Actual download speeds may vary by location and device capability.. Other terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint and the logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Service Credit Offer: Available for handset line activations 11/4-11/6. Req valid port from competitor active wireless line to customer account for $100 credit or add-a-line to an existing account (no port required) for $50 credit. Line must be active for 31 days. Service credit will appear on second or third invoice Excludes discounted phones, 100+ Corporate-liable, prepaid and ports made between Sprint or related entities. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all devices/networks. Sprint and the logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. 
Motorola Moto G4 Play Smartphone Review. It's probably not a good idea to get roped into this phone's games. Written and Tested by Michael Desjardin. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives.. Once upon a time, Motorola's Moto G line was the go-to choice for price-conscious consumers searching for an Android smartphone with an affordable price tag and respectable performance.. This year, Motorola released three Moto Gs: the Moto G4 , the Moto G4 Plus , and the Moto G4 Play (MSRP $149.99), the last of which is the leanest and most affordable of the three.. How to Free Up Storage on Your Android Device. For the most part, the G4 Play is a ho-hum device; its processor is slow, its camera leaves a ton to be desired, and its design is anything but glamorous. But while the Moto G4 Plus isn't even good enough to justify its admittedly-low price of $250-$300, the G4 Play's lackluster performance is much easier to stomach at just $150.. The newest iteration of the Moto G may have lost some of that value-driven magic of its predecessors, but it's still a halfway-decent option for people hoping to buy a cheap phone and forget about it.. Don't expect to be bowled over by the Moto G4 Play; its hardware is built for value, not performance. Here's the phone at a glance:. • 16GB internal storage, up to 128GB of expanded storage via microSD. • 8MP, f/2.2 primary camera with autofocus and LED flash. • 4G LTE, WiFi, and AC/Bluetooth. While it's nice to have the ability to swap out the battery, the G4 Play is stuck with a non-reversible microUSB port; lots of phones still do, including most Samsung and HTC phones.. Since the G4 Play tops out at 16GB of internal memory, we highly, highly recommend investing in a microSD card for expanded storage. 16 gigabytes fills up faster than you think.. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below. The G4 Play's camera is by no means spectacular, but for basic Instagram shots, it'll get the job done. Just be sure to add a filter to mask some of the camera's shortcomings. Despite its myriad shortcomings, the G4 Play is still a ridiculously low-priced smartphone with exceptional battery life and a very basic camera that'll get the job done in most cases.. Its camera is fine for casual use. If an impressive camera is something you're after, keep on walking; the G4 Play's 8-megapixel primary camera is anything but impressive. It will, however, treat you well in most situations and deliver perfectly fine shots for Instagram and Facebook.. Credit: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin. That said, its low-light performance doesn't quite cut it. Shots taken in dimly-lit settings will almost always lack detail—the sensor just isn't sophisticated enough to accommodate a lack of ample lighting and the noise reduction software can't pick up the slack.. You'll most likely have nothing terribly great or terribly terrible to say about the G4 Play's camera. So if you don't fancy yourself a shutterbug, you'll most likely have nothing terribly great or terribly terrible to say about the G4 Play's camera, and that's probably the best you can hope for when it comes to a smartphone that costs less than $200.. A removable battery that lasts all day. The G4 Play's 2,800mAh li-on battery has two things going for it—it's long-lasting and removable. In our lab, the G4 Play lasted just over seven hours, and in the context of our rating system, this is surprisingly good for any smartphone, let alone one that costs about $150. In non-scientific, everyday situations, users can expect well over a day's worth of regular use, provided "regular use" isn't, say, streaming movies for five hours.. Having the flexibility to remove and replace the battery is a breath of fresh air. Having the flexibility to remove and replace the battery is a breath of fresh air as well, and a feature that's seemingly disappearing before our very eyes across the entire industry. Travelers and heavy users will appreciate being able to carry around a spare battery and swap it in when the time comes.. In my review of the Motorola Moto G4 Plus , I mentioned that its best feature by far was its price tag. Despite its low price, however, the G4 Plus is still a little too expensive for what it is; for a little more money, you could land a phone that runs circles around the G4 Plus.. Credit: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin. The G4 Play, on the other hand, is cheap enough to score a few more points in the "value" column; at around $150, it delivers pretty much exactly the type of performance you'd expect. It doesn't feel quite as much of a steal as the second generation Moto G did a year ago, but if you drop in a microSD card and pick up an extra battery, you'll probably be able to tolerate the not-so-great aspects of its hardware and software.. The Moto G4 Play's physical buttons are located on the right-hand side of the device and are a bit too squishy for their own good. The Moto G4 Play is the smallest of the three Moto G releases this year.. Given its outlandishly low price, you're probably expecting the G4 Play to have a less-than-elegant design, and unfortunately, you'd be right—there's not a whole lot to love about the way the G4 Play is built.. Sure, it's lightweight and durable thanks to its mostly-plastic body, and durability should count for something, but it also swings and misses when it comes to the little things. Its power button and volume rocker are far too squishy for their own good, and the volume rocker itself is so small that it's routinely tougher than it ought to be to adjust the volume of the speaker or the ringer.. Credit: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin. I also found the placement of the camera to be an annoyance given the phone's relatively small dimensions. Because the camera is positioned in the middle of the phone's backside rather than the upper-left corner, I often found myself accidentally resting my finger on it while scrolling through a webpage or my Facebook feed.. Sluggish performance on account of a sub-par processor. Let me make one thing clear right off the bat: despite its name, you're not going to be playing very many graphics-heavy mobile games on the G4 Play, and if you try, you're probably not going to be very satisfied.. Despite its name, you're not going to be playing very many graphics-heavy mobile games on the G4 Play. Coupled with 2GB of RAM, the phone's Snapdragon 410 processor simply can't handle the type of computing needed to run games with a lot of information on the screen at once. A game like Pokémon Go , for example, bumps into the ceiling of what the G4 Play is capable of rendering at any given time, and will often stutter during the more dynamic moments of gameplay.. Credit: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin. Web browsers aren't safe, either; sophisticated websites will often throw the G4 Play for a loop, making scrolling and typing much more of a headache than it ought to be. For some context here, when it came to our processor benchmark tests, the G4 Play scored lower than every other phone I tested in 2016.. I suppose if most of your day-to-day tasks include checking email, Facebook, and Instagram, the G4 Play will get the job done, but even the most basic of tasks feel significantly more sluggish on the phone's crummy processor.. The only people I'd feel comfortable recommending the Moto G4 Play to are easy-to-please bargain-hunters who couldn't care less about their phone's camera, who don't do much mobile gaming, and who aren't frustrated by slower-than-average performance. Alternatively, if you want a cheap phone to use with a pay-as-you-go SIM card, the G4 Play is a decent option.. The G4 Play's low price and long-lasting, removable battery and are basically its only two saving graces. In other words, if you've made it to the end review and still find the G4 Play's $150 price to be enticing, there's a very good chance that you fall into one of the above crowds, which are the only crowds I can foresee putting up with the G4 Play's lackluster hardware.. The G4 Play's low price and long-lasting, removable battery and are basically its only two saving graces. Outside of that, there's not much to appreciate here; it's a $150 smartphone that performs as well as you'd expect, all things considered.. Credit: Jeremy Stamas and Kyle Looney. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives.. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives.. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives.. All trademarks and product names are the property of their respective owners. We make no guarantees regarding any of the advice offered on this web site or by its staff or users. User comments and postings are not the responsibility of Reviewed.com.. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives.. The page you requested will display in seconds.. Yes I want to be in the know!. Be the first to know about. News, Reviews & Deals. No, I don't need to know. Look for the latest news & reviews in your inbox soon.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto G4 Play. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto G4 Play smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto G4 Play price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto G4 Play is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto G4 Play packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto G4 Play runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 2800mAh removable battery. It measures 144.40 x 72.00 x 9.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 137.00 grams. The Motorola Moto G4 Play is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Moto G4 Play To Receive Android Nougat in June: Report. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Play Smartphones Available With Discounts, Cashbacks on Amazon India. Moto G4 Plus: Features and Specifications Compared. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto G4 Play Price in India Moto G4 Play (Black, 16GB) Rs. Motorola Moto G4 Play detailed specifications. Release date May 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 144.40 x 72.00 x 9.90 Weight (g) 137.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2800 Removable battery Yes Colours Black, White. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor 1.2GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto G4 Play. 4.2 Out of 5. 5 Star 3 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 4 of 4 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. best hota jab 7.0 android hota. By Ajeet Rai | 7 Jan 2017. Battery 3500 Ki honi chahiye the..... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Jagadeesh Jaga | 5 Sep 2016. One of the best mobile in the range rs9000.... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Main Aims | 18 May 2016. It is as good as my computer system.. the look and feel is so good. Looking forward to the Price of the G4 becoming stable. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 3 out of 3 people found this review helpful. By Sarath S | 18 May 2016. Moto G4 Plus is not water-resistant anymore, instead comes with a nano-coating on top of it. "The resistance to water is a welcome new feature for the Moto X series". The feature is not new!!! Ever since the Razr i, Motorola phones have water repellent nano coating. It's just that they did not advertise it before. I had a Moto X Play Nano Coating and it failed miserably within two months. I have lost this phone in a light rain splash and as per support it is "Beyond Economic Recovery". Never buy Moto phones, you will have to wait 3-4 hours to find a warranty support. Such long queue is in front of service center. Even google software is better than this camera software. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 4 people found this review helpful. Moto G4 Play To Receive Android Nougat in June: Report. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Play Smartphones Available With Discounts, Cashbacks on Amazon India. Moto G4 Plus: Features and Specifications Compared. Moto G4 Play Launched in India: Price, Specifications, and More. Moto G4 Play Set to Launch in India Today. Moto G4 Play Set to Launch in India on September 6. Moto G4 Play Price in India Tipped. Moto G4 Play With 5-Inch Display, Snapdragon 410 SoC Launched. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto E3 Power vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Lenovo A6000 Plus Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Xiaomi Redmi 4a vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Motorola Moto G4 LG X View vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Lenovo K5 Note Panasonic Eluga Pure vs. Huawei Honor Holly 3 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Yu Yureka Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Ze520kl vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto E4 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Apple iPhone 5S Motorola Moto E3 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto G4 Play in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Tablet / Data-Only Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto G4 Play currently has an Informr score of 7.6 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 15. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. What's good Bright, colorful screen Plenty of storage space microSD support All-day battery life Removable battery Splash resistance Mostly stock Android experience. What's bad Weak speaker Weak low-light camera performance No 5.0GHz Wi-Fi support. The Moto G series has built a solid reputation for affordable phones with compromises in the right areas. The Moto G4 Play offers one of the lowest prices yet (which gets lower still if you’re willing to deal with Amazon ads on your phone), but does it strike the balance of its predecessors and remain recommendable value for everyday use?. Reviews are rolling in! Let’s see what everyone is saying!. If you’ve seen a Moto release, or most any average Android release, you’ve seen the Moto G4 Play. It’s all-plastic design features a few minor metallic accents but nothing about it stood out to reviewers. TechSpot chimed in on the design, saying, “[It] doesn’t feel bad in the hand—the curved plastic rear, textured with a weave-like pattern, is comfortable and has plenty of grip—but you won’t mistake this for something expensive.”. While the phone lacks the fingerprint scanner of many competing models, it is splash-resistant for extra peace of mind while on the go.. Head around front to the 5-inch 720p IPS display and reviews get better. Many reviewers noted how bright the screen is—a critical concern if you use your phone outdoors. AndroidPIT ran it through a series of benchmarks and said, “The screen will be perfectly satisfactory to the average user, but those who care about having the best quality display for videos and games should look at purchasing another phone.” Android Guys was more positive, saying, “If you’re worried about the lower 720p display, don’t be. Everything looks very crisp on it, and I really enjoyed scrolling through wallpaper apps trying out the sharpest offerings.”. Unfortunately, reviews were mixed on performance. The 1.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 410 and 2GB of RAM work fine for basic tasks. But gaming and complex websites gave many reviewers trouble. Android Guys noted, “Gaming performance was frustrating with the G4 Play, as games took a very long time to load.”. Where it lacks performance, it makes up ground in storage. With 16GB of internal storage and support for microSD cards, you should have little concern about being able to keep all your favorite apps, games and media available. Reviewers also noted that the version of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow on the device was low on bloat, leaving most of the storage available for use.. One of the most popular features on the phone was the removable 2,800mAh battery. Reviewed.com noted, "Users can expect well over a day's worth of regular use, provided ‘regular use’ isn't, say, streaming movies for five hours.” For those power-hungry days, you can swap the battery out. However, while the battery offers long life, it also requires a long charge since the phone lacks any quick charging capabilities.. The 8MP rear-facing camera and 5MP front-facing lens were firmly in the middle for reviewers. While the cameras offered images better than many entry-level options, it was far from a flagship experience. Some reviewers noticed quality issues—particularly as light levels dipped lower. TechSpot called it, “[An] excellent for the price, and tends to deliver surprisingly good photos in most conditions.”. Two other issues that stood out to reviewers. First, the single front-facing speaker wasn’t popular with anyone. Complaints of weak audio and distortion were common. Also, the phone lacks support for 5.0GHz Wi-Fi, so you might run into a few speed or signal strength issues in congested Wi-Fi areas.. Overall, reviewers were quick to recommend the MotoG4 Play to anyone looking for an affordable handset but didn’t need power-user specs. PC World summed up opinions well, saying, “The MotoG4 Play will get the job done, so long as its duties are limited to light computing and the occasional gaming session.”. The Moto G4 Play was designed to be a simple, cheap phone. If you want something inexpensive for normal daily use, it gets the job done. It's splash-resistant, with a long-lasting removable battery, and it's dual SIM. But it also has its drawbacks, like the mono speaker and the lack of fingerprint r.... The Moto G4 Play is a nice device that I wish I could love. Honestly I do really, really want to like and love it, but with so many flaws, it’s one I’m prepared to easily move along from and to the next device.. The Moto G4 Play may come packing largely the same collection of hardware as its year old predecessor, however the phone’s new $150 price tag blows away the competition in the same fashion as previous Moto G devices. The only people I'd feel comfortable recommending the Moto G4 Play to are easy-to-please bargain-hunters who couldn't care less about their phone's camera, who don't do much mobile gaming, and who aren't frustrated by slower-than-average performance. Alternatively, if you want a cheap phone to use w.... If you’re looking for a great valued, brand new smartphone under $200, you can’t go wrong with this phone.. Motorola released the Moto G4 Play on June 30, 2016.. The Moto G4 Play price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Motorola Moto G4 Play prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Moto G4 Play manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto G4 Play user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto G4 Play with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Moto G4 Play problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto G4 Play has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Can I turn off all sounds and vibrations except phone?. 1 When will Motorola Moto G4 Play get Android 7 update?. 1 Does the Motorola Moto G4 Play support VR headsets?. 3 How is the QWERTY virtual keyboard on the Motorola Moto G4 Play?. 4 How do I transfer files to or from Motorola Moto G4 Play?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto G4 Play's screen size is 5 inches with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 Quad core 1.2 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system (OS).. You can take photos with the phone's onboard 8+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 2800 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1 minutes.. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow (Update Available: 7.1.1 Nougat). Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 Quad core 1.2 GHz. Head: 0.79 W/kg Body: 1.44 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.4 x 7.2 x 0.9 cm (5.7 x 2.8 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Auto focus, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, MP4, M4A, WMA, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Other Names (AKA): Motorola Moto G Play. Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto G4 Play Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto G4 Play. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /850 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto G4 Play. Simple smartphone with good battery life. The Moto G4 Play was designed to be a simple, cheap phone. If you want something inexpensive for normal daily use, it gets the job done. It's splash-resistant, with a long-lasting removable battery, and it's dual SIM. But it also has its drawbacks, like the mono speaker and the lack of fingerprint reader.. The Moto G4 Play was designed to be a simple, cheap phone. If you want something inexpensive for normal daily use, it gets the job done. It's splash-resistant, with a long-lasting removable battery, and it's dual SIM. But it also has its drawbacks, like the mono speaker and the lack of fingerprint reader.. A fairly decent budget phone with flaws. The Moto G4 Play is a nice device that I wish I could love. Honestly I do really, really want to like and love it, but with so many flaws, it’s one I’m prepared to easily move along from and to the next device.. The Moto G4 Play is a nice device that I wish I could love. Honestly I do really, really want to like and love it, but with so many flaws, it’s one I’m prepared to easily move along from and to the next device.. The Moto G4 Play may come packing largely the same collection of hardware as its year old predecessor, however the phone’s new $150 price tag blows away the competition in the same fashion as previous Moto G devices. The Moto G4 Play may come packing largely the same collection of hardware as its year old predecessor, however the phone’s new $150 price tag blows away the competition in the same fashion as previous Moto G devices. Not a good idea to get roped into this phone's games. The only people I'd feel comfortable recommending the Moto G4 Play to are easy-to-please bargain-hunters who couldn't care less about their phone's camera, who don't do much mobile gaming, and who aren't frustrated by slower-than-average performance. Alternatively, if you want a cheap phone to us... The only people I'd feel comfortable recommending the Moto G4 Play to are easy-to-please bargain-hunters who couldn't care less about their phone's camera, who don't do much mobile gaming, and who aren't frustrated by slower-than-average performance. Alternatively, if you want a cheap phone to use with a pay-as-you-go SIM card, the G4 Play is a decent option.. The Moto G4 Play impresses me almost as much as when the original Moto G came out years ago. For $150, you can grab a customizable phone directly from Motorola’s website that offers a crisp 5 inch 720p screen, a front facing speaker that gets fairly loud, speedy performance that almost matc... The Moto G4 Play impresses me almost as much as when the original Moto G came out years ago. For $150, you can grab a customizable phone directly from Motorola’s website that offers a crisp 5 inch 720p screen, a front facing speaker that gets fairly loud, speedy performance that almost matches flagship devices, incredible day-and-a-half to two-day battery life, and a solid build. The phone’s cameras are lackluster if you compare pics with other phones, but in daylight it’ll get the job done just fine. There’s also no quick charging, but the large battery makes up for this.. May be the cheapest device of the Moto G lineup, but Lenovo has not cut all the corners. Motorola delivers a middle-class smartphone in the Moto G, with impressive, special features." This sentence was the verdict of the Moto G of the 3rd generation. We can apply it directly to the Moto G4. The test model combines good hardware and solid performance, without any glaring flaws. Motorola delivers a middle-class smartphone in the Moto G, with impressive, special features." This sentence was the verdict of the Moto G of the 3rd generation. We can apply it directly to the Moto G4. The test model combines good hardware and solid performance, without any glaring flaws. In comparison to the predecessor, the Moto G4 has a faster SoC, more storage space, a similar display but lower price. If you want a cheap, yet good smartphone, we recommend paying 159 Euros (~$174) for the Moto G4 Play.. Motorola continues its trend of producing reliable budget phones with the Moto G4 Play, a device perfectly capable of getting basic tasks done, even if it’s not terribly impressive otherwise.. Motorola continues its trend of producing reliable budget phones with the Moto G4 Play, a device perfectly capable of getting basic tasks done, even if it’s not terribly impressive otherwise.. There's a lot to like in the Moto G4 Play. The Moto G4 Play may not be a particularly flashy smartphone, but it's got a nice, clean Android interface, it's capable enough for browsing the web and keeping up on your social media, and it's got some pretty commendable battery life.. The Moto G4 Play may not be a particularly flashy smartphone, but it's got a nice, clean Android interface, it's capable enough for browsing the web and keeping up on your social media, and it's got some pretty commendable battery life.. Fine phone, but not the most fun or functional phone. In the past, I've recommended Motorola's G series handsets above most phones others in their price range. They typically represented a strong value-for-the-dollar that was unmatched by competing phones. The G4 Play doesn't live up to previous G series' heritage.. In the past, I've recommended Motorola's G series handsets above most phones others in their price range. They typically represented a strong value-for-the-dollar that was unmatched by competing phones. The G4 Play doesn't live up to previous G series' heritage.. It’s well worth the asking price.. Perhaps a better way to explain the Moto G4 Play is to call it an overachieving mediocre phone. I know, it makes no sense, but when you look at its benchmarks, the scores are really low. Yet, daily use doesn’t suffer in the same manner the HTC Desire 530 did, which scored just below the G4... Perhaps a better way to explain the Moto G4 Play is to call it an overachieving mediocre phone. I know, it makes no sense, but when you look at its benchmarks, the scores are really low. Yet, daily use doesn’t suffer in the same manner the HTC Desire 530 did, which scored just below the G4 Play. I didn’t recommend the Desire 530, however I have no problem recommending the Moto G4 Play to those who are looking for an unlocked phone on tight budget.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Motorola MOTO G4 PLAY Ultimate REVIEW, Tips & Tricks (ft Redmi 3S Prime, Note 3). Motorola Moto G4 Play is a budget phone you'll like. Motorola Moto G4 Play Unboxing 4K UHD Video. Motorola Moto G4 Play: Sending and Receiving Text Messages (4 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. Motorola Moto G4 Play: Inserting the SIM Card, Battery & Memory Card (11 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. Motorola Moto G4 Play: 5 Things to Know!. Motorola Moto G4 Play: Overview & Tour (1 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. Motorola Moto G4 Play Indian commercial AD 2016. Motorola Moto G4 Play: Using the Camera (7 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. How To Easily Root Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 Android Nougat. Motorola Moto G4 Play: Making and Receiving Calls (3 of 11) | Consumer Cellular. (Motorola Answers) Motorola Moto G4 Play Getting Android Nougat 7.0 Update (Finally). About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Listed Price : 8,999. Full Specifications of Motorola Moto G4 Play. Dual Sim Capability Yes, Micro SIM and Nano SIM. 2G Network Technology GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 MHz. 4G Network Technology LTE (B1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26, 41). Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 128 GB. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 quad-core 1.2 GHz processor. Camera resolution 8 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture. Camera Features LED flash,4X digital zoom,Burst mode,Auto HDR,Panorama,Drag to focus & exposure. Secondary Camera 5 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture, Display flash. Size (L by B by T) 144.4 x 72 x 8.95 mm. Motorola starts rolling out Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to Moto G4 Play users. Motorola to launch the Moto G6 Play next year along with the Moto G6, Moto G6 Plus. Nokia 3 to Moto C Plus: 10 smartphones under Rs 10,000 running on Android Nougat. Amazon Smartphone Sale: Apple iPhone 7 gets Rs 17,000 off, Moto Z available at Rs 29,990 and other deals. Nokia 3: 5 alternative smartphones you can buy in India right now. More on Motorola Moto G4 Play. Motorola Moto G4 Play Reviews in India. Motorola Moto G4 Play Features & Specs. Motorola Moto G4 Play Vs LG G4. Motorola Moto G4 Play Vs Motorola Moto E4. Motorola Moto G4 Play Vs LG G5. Motorola Moto G4 Play Vs LG G4. 13,999 Buy Now. 27,999 Buy Now. Motorola Moto G4 Play smartphone features a 5.0-inch HD (1280x720)pix display, and is powered by an Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 quad-core 1.2 GHz processor paired with 2GB of RAM. The smartphone also features 16GB internal storage, 8-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel selfie camera, and a 2,800mAh battery. Connectivity options include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, and a USB.. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 quad-core 1.2 GHz processor. Camera 8 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Staff on Jan 06, 2018 01:13 PM. This will be the last update for the Moto G4 .... Staff on Oct 17, 2017 05:13 PM. Motorola skipped the Play variant this year with the Moto .... Nandini Yadav on Jun 26, 2017 02:39 PM. While Android Nougat powers most high-end smartphone in the .... Deepali Moray on Jun 21, 2017 02:16 PM. Here's your last minute buying guide for the Amazon .... Marcia Sekhose on Jun 14, 2017 10:35 AM. The Nokia 3 is the cheapest of the three smartphones .... Motorola Moto G4 Play Back Cover. Write a Review on Motorola Moto G4 Play. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Motorola Moto G4 Play (XT1607). All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for Motorola Moto G4 Play (XT1607). Save Motorola Moto G4 Play (XT1607) to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Motorola Moto G4 Play (XT1607) to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Moto G4 Play (XT1607) :. NEW UNLOCKED MOTOROLA MOTO G4 PLAY XT1607 16GB GSM 4G LTE 5" FACTORY SEALED. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. NEW Motorola Moto G4 Play 16GB Unlocked BLACK Smartphone XT1607 - NO ADS!. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Unlock Code Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1604 XT1602 XT1607 XT1609 XT1601 XT1603. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5 inch XT1607 XT1609 Fusion Hybrid Silicone Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5 inch XT1607 Dog Design Bling Hybrid Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 XT1607 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Part. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. NEW Unlocked Moto G4 Play XT1607 16GB GSM CDMA 4G LTE 5" VERIZON ATT T-MOBILE. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. NEW Motorola MOTO G4 Play XT1607, 4G LTE 16GB (Unlocked) - Black+ mfg warranty. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 Play 16GB Unlocked BLACK Smartphone XT1607 - NO ADS+ warranty. Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 Play G 4th Gen XT1607 16GB Black Smartphone GSM. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Moto G4 Play (4th gen.) 16GB Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE Andorid 2GB Black NEW. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) …. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 Battery Back Cover Case Door Rear Housing. Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 Hybrid Puffy Cushion Armor Shock Drop Proof Cover. New Front Outer Glass Lens Touch Screen For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609. Motorola Moto G4 Play 4th Generation 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Android Smartphone. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. USB Charger Dock Charging Flex Port Mic For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609. Unlock Code Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1604 XT1602 XT1607 XT1609 MOTO E1 E2 E3 E4. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black... 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Unlocked Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black. 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Motorola Moto G Play 4th Generation Motorola Moto G4 - 16GB - Black... 15 new & refurbished from $90.00. Black Front Screen Glass Replacement For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 XT1607. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5" XT1607 XT1609 Verizon Stylish Hard Back Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5" XT1607 XT1609 Turbo Layer Hybrid Stand Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 XT1607 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Glass. 4 new & refurbished from $19.72. New OEM Original Genuine Motorola GK40 Battery for MOTO G4 PLAY XT1607 XT1609. 2 new & refurbished from $9.75. For Motorola Moto G4 Play / XT1607 Shockproof Hard Slim Hybrid Tuff Cover Case. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5" XT1607 Design Dual Layer Hybrid Bling Case Cover. For Motorola G4 Play G Play XT1609 XT1607 Moto E3 Rugged Case w/Stand Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 play XT1607 XT1609 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer+Fram e. 5" Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 LCD Touch Digitizer Assembly Frame Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1604 XT1607 XT1609 LCD Display Touchscreen digitizer. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1603 XT1607 Frame LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 LCD Display Touch Screen +frame +Tools. 4 new & refurbished from $19.72. Motorola MOTO G4 Play XT1604 XT1607 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 2.5D Tempered Glass Screen Protector. 3 new & refurbished from $4.29. Original OEM Motorola Moto G Play G4 XT1607 Back Cover Battery Door - Verizon. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5 inch XT1607 XT1609 Rugged Hybrid Silicone Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5" XT1607 Hybrid Rugged Kickstand Holster Case Cover. OEM Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 USB Charging Port Dock Flex Cable Tools. For Motorola MOTO G4 Play XT1604 XT1607 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer White. x1 Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 Sim Card Reader Tray Holder w/Tracking. For Motorola Moto G4 play XT1607 XT1609 LCD Display Screen Digitizer+Fram e Black. For Motorola Moto G4 play XT1607 XT1609 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer white. WHOLESALE Original Battery Back Door Cover Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609. 2Pcs Tempered Glass Protector for Motorola Moto G 4G 1st Gen XT1032 1039 XT1028. Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 Dock Connector USB Charger Charging Port USA. Battery Back Door Cover For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1602 XT1604 XT1607 XT1609. 9H Real Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola Moto G 3rd Gen 2015. 5" Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 Black Touch Screen+LCD Display Assembly. For Motorola Moto G4 PLAY Hybrid ShockProof Rugged Protecive Hard Case Cover. For Motorola Moto E3 G4 G PLAY Hybrid Rubber Dual Layer Hard Case Cover BLACK. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 XT1607 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer+Fram e. New Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1607 XT1609 USB Charger Charging Port Dock Connector. Motorola Moto E3 G4 G PLAY Hybrid Armor Rubber Dual Layer Case Cover Rose GOLD. For Motorola Moto G4 Play XT1609 XT1607 USB Charging Port Dock Connector + tools. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5" XT1607 Design Dual Layer Hybrid Bling Case Cover. For Motorola Moto G4 Play 5 inch XT1607 XT1609 Flip Wallet Pocket TPU Case Cover. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. IN STOCK | FAST SHIPPING | RETAIL BOX | USA SELLER. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 9H 2.5D Tempered Glass Film for Motorola Moto G 3rd Gen. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Solid Performance, Plus Fun On The Go. The Motorola Moto G4 Play delivers both solid smartphone performance and flat-out fun at a pleasingly low price. Compact and simple to use, it lets you call, text, or navigate back-and-forth between apps with ease thanks to its dynamic 1.2GHz quad-core processor. Its sharp graphics pop on a vivid 5.0" touchscreen, and the crisp resolution of the hearty 8MP camera helps you capture bright, beautiful photos. It features an ample 16GB of internal memory, and is 4G LTE capable to ensure fast connectivity and web browsing. If you’re eager to explore all the perks that come with having a well-designed, reliable smartphone, you’ll love the Moto G4 Play.. Additional details for Motorola Moto G4 Play. 8.0MP camera with digital zoom (4x). 5.0MP front-facing camera for video chat. 1080p HD video capture and playback. W: 2.83" H: 5.69" D: 0.35". Battery life: 30 hours talk time. Prices are applied at time of purchase, and include FREE activation.. Devices are limited to stock on hand.. SELECT UP TO THREE PHONES TO COMPARE:. This feature is unavailable on mobile. Please use your desktop or tablet to use this feature.. Adding a protection plan for your device is a great way to ensure peace of mind. Your cellular devices are invaluable connection tools, so you don't want to find yourself without an easy, affordable way to fix or replace them if an accident or hardware failure occurs.. You can add a protection plan to your new device when checking out, or by calling us at (888) 345-5509 within 30 days of purchasing your device.. From cracked screens to broken internal parts, we cover the big damage that can come from even the smallest falls.. Doesn't matter if it's one splash, one spill, or full immersion in a swimming pool—we've got you covered.. Plan covers beyond manufacturer's warranty, or if manufacturer denies coverage for common failures.. Your plan is added to your monthly bill, and it's easy to cancel at any time.. {{ formatProductName('ZTE Wireless Home Phone Base') }}. {{ formatProductName('Alcatel Pop 3 (5.5") LTE') }}. {{ formatProductName('Motorola Moto E4 Plus') }}. Our protection plans help take the worry out of those occasional bouts of forgetfulness or clumsiness. Driveways, washing machines, and swimming pools will still claim their victims. But with a protection plan, a cracked screen doesn't look nearly as bad.. Simply contact SquareTrade either online at squaretrade.com or by phone at 877-WARRANTY. You'll receive your replacement device within two business days.. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5179. 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi. 2800 mAh LiIon Removable. 16 GB raw hardware Expandable via memory card. 8+ megapixel f/2.2 lens, LED flash auto HDR , panorama Video: 1080p HD. 5- megapixel f/2.2 aperture. 5.69 x 2.83 x 0.39 in. 144 x 72 x 9.9 mm. XT1607 / XT1609 for Verizon has only LTE 2/4/5/13 and CDMA. Rating: M3, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.6, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.3, HID , PAN , MAP version 4.1. Card Type: microSD up to 128 GB. approved Jul 20, 2016 IHDT56VD4 ». approved Jun 14, 2016 IHDT56VD1 » IHDT56VD3 ». Motorola Moto G4 Play product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This affordable Android phone sports a 5-inch HD display, water resistance, 8-megapixel camera, front camera, memory card slot, and removable battery.. LTE 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 13 / 17 / 25 / 26 / 41. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5 / 8. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. band 8 (VIII) / 900 MHz. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
NotebookReview TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Best Cheap Laptops and Tablets of 2015. Home > Topics > Smartphone > Android > Smartphone Reviews > Motorola Moto G4 Play Review: Cheap and Capable. Motorola Moto G4 Play Review: Cheap and Capable. Rating 1 to 10, top score 10. Good battery life Extremely affordable Streamlined Android experience Splash-proof build. Design is otherwise about as boring as it gets Weak display Camera just OK. Motorola continues its trend of producing reliable budget phones with the Moto G4 Play, a device perfectly capable of getting basic tasks done, even if it’s not terribly impressive otherwise.. Design is otherwise about as boring as it gets. Motorola has the budget phone market figured out, evident by devices like the Moto E and the Moto G iterations. These phones, while obviously nowhere near the top-of-the-line in terms of performance and features, still managed to impress thanks to their quality and reliability.. Now, Motorola is looking to continue that trend with its latest lower-tier offering, the Moto G4 Play. Thanks to Motorola’s existing reputation and an attractive price tag of only $150 unlocked, the G4 Play could be good choice for those looking for a cheap phone that isn’t a hopeless piece of trash.. Read this Motorola Moto G4 Play review to see if it’s actually worth your consideration and a small chunk of cash.. The Motorola Moto G4 Play is plain, but that’s OK.. The Motorola Moto G4 Play’s build is about as vanilla as it gets; this thing won’t win any prizes for innovation. That isn’t entirely a bad thing, though, because the Moto G4 Play is a manageable size and comfortable to hold. And besides, when it comes to budget devices, playing it safe and keeping it basic makes sense, since the target market is most likely looking for a smartphone that just works.. The Moto G4 Play is modestly-sized at 5.69 x 2.83 x 0.39 inches, weighing 4.83 ounces. This offers just enough heft to make it feel good in the hand without going overboard. The device sports a slightly textured, black back panel, which can be removed, offering access to the micro-SIM and microSD card slots. The one pleasant surprise: the design is splashproof, which adds a touch of ruggedness to the Android smartphone.. The only physical buttons are the textured power/standby switch and the volume rocker, which are both located on the right side of the device. The front-facing and rear facing cameras are appropriately located, with the former above and to the right of the display and the latter centered toward the top of the phone’s rear. The top edge plays host to a 3.5mm headphone jack, the microUSB charging port is located on the bottom, and the left edge is devoid of any buttons or ports.. The Moto G4 Play charges via microUSB.. Moto G4 Play power button and volume rocker. The Motorola Moto G4 Play has a slightly-textured back panel.. The Motorola Moto G4 Play has a 5-inch IPS LCD display with a 1280 x 720 resolution, resulting in 294 pixels per inch. The flagship Android devices top 500 ppi, and the display is a Moto G4 Play weak spot. It’s not terribly bright, even on max settings, and visibility in bright light is poor. Its middling resolution doesn’t do it any favors either, as it’s readily apparent even without looking at detailed images or websites. Contrast and colors look fine though, even if the whites lean a little toward the blue side of the spectrum.. As for the speakers, there aren’t any beyond the single speaker grill located directly above the display. The sound quality of the lone speaker is exactly what you would expect: tinny and not particularly powerful. HTC BoomSound this is not. The microphone doesn’t even get its own grill, and is instead just a pinhole placed near the lower right-hand corner of the phone’s front face.. Motorola offers three smartphones in the 2016 Moto G lineup: the $250 Moto G4 Plus, $200 Moto G4, and $150 Moto G4 Play. The G4 Plus and G4 both have larger 5.5-inch displays with full HD resolutions, more powerful eight-core processors, Turbo charging, and more design options. The G4 Plus has a 16-megapixel camera and comes with either 16GB or 64GB capacity. The G4 has a 13-megapixel camera and comes with either 16GB or 32GB capacity.. All of them offer great price-to-performance ratio, considering flagships like the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 edge costs more than $700, and the high-end Moto Z handsets start at $400.. Underneath the hood, the Moto G4 Play is powered by a quad-core, Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 that clocks in at 1.2 GHz. It also comes equipped with 2GB RAM.. The specs are modest (there’s a substantial gap between the Moto G4 Play’s power and those in the upper echelon), but not unreasonable for a budget device. The Moto G4 Play scored 510 and 1336 on the Geekbench 4 single-core and multi-core tests, respectively, and a 773 on the compute GPU test. To put this in perspective, Samsung’s Galaxy S7 flagships. scored 1687, 3945, and 6185 on those tests, respectively.. In reality, the Moto G4 Play performs perfectly fine in that it offers precisely the type of OK performance you would expect of a $150 phone. We never encountered any navigation hiccups with. our Motorola Moto G4 play review unit, and simple applications ran smoothly. Meanwhile, more intensive affairs occasionally ran into some hitches; games would stutter and load times were definitely on the longer side.. Considering its manageable size and price, the Moto G4 Play comes with a surprisingly beefy 2800mAh Li-Po battery that will easily last you two days with casual use, and it’s replaceable.. Motorola Moto G4 Play replaceable battery. In terms of more concrete metrics, we also performed our usual test of seeing how long a full charge lasted while streaming Netflix over Wi-Fi with the display brightness set to max. Our Motorola Moto G4 Play review unit was. able to stream for 8 hours and 8 minutes on a single charge. That’s an impressive length of time (anything over 8 hours is good) that’s likely owed to the not-very-bright and small display, also its lower pixel density.. The Moto G4 Play works on all the major carriers, and most minor carriers as well. micro-SIM, and nano-SIM with an adapter (sold separately). It supports single-channel 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi (higher-end devices support dual-channel 802.11 b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi), and Bluetooth 4.1 LE. There is no wireless charging or NFC support, like you’d find on more expensive handsets.. We’ve praised Motorola for its smartphones with a nearly pure Android experience, only adding features that serve to enhance the user experience rather than bogging it down. Luckily, that still holds true here.. The Moto G4 Play comes preloaded with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box, with Moto’s take virtually identical to stock Android. The only noticeable difference is the Moto G4 Play standby screen, which can be modified to show notifications “at a glance” that fade in and out while the screen is off.. One other Moto feature is the ability to shrink the screen by swiping up from the bottom of the display, allowing for more comfortable one-handed use. A tap in the black border that forms around the shrunken display returns it to its full size. Like the “glance” notifications, this is actually pretty useful and makes life much easier, especially for folk with smaller mitts.. Other Moto smartphones, like the 2015 Moto X , have more Moto enhancements, but the “glance” notifications and shrinking screen are the only two offered on the G4 Play. And you know what? That’s just fine. Better to err on the side of leanness with budget smartphones. And the best part about these Moto features is that if you’re not into them, you can always just turn them off.. Thankfully, Motorola also remained true to form with its dearth of bloatware on the Moto G4 Play. Aside from an FM radio app. and its Moto app that allows users to adjust the aforementioned settings, the only software that comes preloaded on the phone is the standard suite of Google apps.. This is probably for the best given that, at most, the Moto G4 Play only comes with 16GB of onboard storage. So it’s nice that between the low-key nature of Moto and the minimal additional software, users are still left with a decent amount of free space; out of the box, our Motorola Moto G4 Play review unit had 10.4GB capacity available.. The Moto G4 Play’s 8-megapixel camera, while not a total disaster, is definitely not one of its strong suits. First and foremost, its ability to shoot in low-light is abysmal. Noise and grain abound, and that’s if your picture doesn’t just come out completely black. As evidenced in the sample photo of Tracer and some shoes in an unlit closet (but with plenty of light surrounding it), there’s a rapid decline in the ability to make out subjects the moment darkness creeps.. Motorola Moto G4 Play low-light sample photo. Meanwhile, there are other smaller issues, like the camera’s struggles to focus properly on the desired subject. Color saturation is a bit of a problem as well; in the sample photo of the shoe polish, the orange on the can comes out looking much closer to red.. The Moto G4 Play photos are often oversaturated. The good news, however, is that the camera shoots well in both natural and artificial light. The resolution is enough to offer a respectable amount of sharpness and clarity in the right conditions.. Motorola has budget phones down to a near-science, so we had no doubt that the Moto G4 Play would deliver as a reliable, great bang-for-your-buck device. The Moto G4 Play’s shortcomings are nothing more than what comes with the territory of affordable phones, for the most part: an exceptionally plain design, a middling camera, and decent but not terribly fast performance.. Really, the only weakness that’s an actual disappointment is the display. It’s a lower-end device, but they could have done better.. But don’t let that deter you from considering this budget device. The Moto G4 Play is a very solid bet for a mere $150.. All content posted on TechnologyGuide is granted to TechnologyGuide with electronic publishing rights in perpetuity, as all content posted on this site becomes a part of the community.. TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Copyright 2000 - 2018, TechTarget | Read our Privacy Statement. TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the products, technologies and processes. crucial to the jobs of IT pros.. 
Motorola Moto G4 Play: The Least Expensive G4. by Matt Humrick on September 6, 2016 8:30 PM EST. 144.4 x 72.0 x 8.95-9.90 mm. 153.0 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm. 5MP, 1/4" OmniVision OV5693, 1.4μm, f/2.2. 8MP, f/2.2, AF, Auto HDR, LED flash. 13MP, 1/3.06" Sony IMX214 Exmor RS, 1.12µm pixels, f/2.0, AF, Auto HDR, dual-tone LED flash. 16MP, 1/2.4” OmniVision OV16860, 1.3µm pixels, f/2.0, PDAF + Laser AF, Auto HDR, dual-tone LED flash. 802.11b/g/n (2.4GHz), BT 4.1 LE, GPS/GNSS, microUSB 2.0. 802.11a/b/g/n (2.4/5GHz), BT 4.2, GPS/GNSS, microUSB 2.0. $150 / $100 (Amazon Prime Edition). Today Motorola announced that they're bringing an additional member of its Moto G4 family: the Moto G4 Play, to the United States. A refreshed third-generation Moto G (2015), it’s a lower-cost option to the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. The phone has been on the market for a few months now, but previously was only available in developing markets like Brazil and India.. The Moto G4 Play shares many components with the Moto G (2015) it replaces. It has a Snapdragon 410 SoC that comes with four ARM Cortex-A53 CPUs running at up to 1.4GHz and an Adreno 306 GPU. There’s also 2GB of LPDDR3 RAM and 16GB of eMMC NAND storage that’s expandable via microSD card.. The 720p (1280x720) IPS LCD display is also unchanged from the older Moto G. the Moto G4 Play’s display makes it the smaller, lighter option relative to the other Moto G4’s and their 5.5-inch screens.. All of the Moto G4s have a 5MP front-facing camera with f/2.2 aperture, but the rear cameras are all different. The Moto G4 Play comes with a modest 8MP camera with contrast autofocus. There’s no PDAF/laser AF, OIS, or dual-tone LED flash, but it does have automatic HDR.. Connectivity is also similar to the old Moto G, with support for 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi only on the 2.4GHz band. The more expensive Moto G4s also work on the 5GHz band. The Moto G4 Play has Bluetooth 4.1 LE but, like the other G4s, no NFC. There’s still a microUSB port on the bottom edge too. All three Moto G4s have an integrated Qualcomm Category 4 LTE modem and use MicroSIM cards.. The Moto G4 Play gets a larger 2800 mAh battery—larger than the Moto G’s 2470 mAh cell and almost as large as the bigger G4s—which, together with the lower-power Snapdragon 410 SoC and smaller screen, should give it decent battery life.. Styling is similar but not identical to the other Moto G4s. It still has a removable plastic back cover for accessing the microSD and SIM slots, but access to the battery is verboten. Unlike the G4s and previous Moto Gs, which offer several color and style options via Moto Maker, the Moto G4 Play only comes in black or white, at least initially. One feature you will not find on the front of either the G4 Play or G4 is a fingerprint sensor; you’ll need to step up to the G4 Plus for biometric authentication.. The Moto G4 Play is available for pre-order in the US starting today at Amazon, B&H, and at motorola.com for $149.99. It will also be available at Best Buy when it officially launches on September 15. Verizon also plans to offer a prepaid version of the G4 Play soon, and Amazon is offering a special ad-supported version called the Moto G4 Play Prime Edition for $99.99.. Please log in or sign up to comment.. osxandwindows - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link. Mean while in the world of the HTc 10 review. osxandwindows - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link. kaidenshi - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link. K_Space - Wednesday, September 07, 2016 - link. That was a hands on - 2 page preview not a full review. fanta666 - Wednesday, September 07, 2016 - link. In that review the author said another review with more details will be published soon. WorldWithoutMadness - Wednesday, September 07, 2016 - link. A wizard is never late, nor is he early, he arrives precisely when he means to. I think the review would come out 6 month before htc announcing the next flagship. evefavretto - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link. Btw, the G4 Play was already avaliable in Brazil since early August. Ryan Smith - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link. I think we didn't do a good job communicating that, so I've updated the text to be more explicit. zeeBomb - Tuesday, September 06, 2016 - link. Someone let me know the camera sensor used on the G4 Play...I'm desperate. Aritra Ghatak - Wednesday, September 07, 2016 - link. IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Motorola Moto G4 Play. Motorola Moto G4 Play: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto G4 Play es una tercer variante del Moto G4, tal vez la que conserva más similitudes en cuanto a características con el Moto G de tercera generación, ya que cuenta con una pantalla 720p de 5 pulgadas, procesador quad-core Snapdragon 410, 2GB de RAM, 16GB de almacenamiento interno expandible, cámara principal de 8 megapixels, cámara frontal de 5 megapixels, batería de 2800 mAh y corre Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.. Motorola Moto G4 Play Características principales. Android 6.0.1 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto G4 Play. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 9.9 mm. y un peso de 137 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto G4 Play tiene una pantalla de 5" con una resolución de 720 x 1280 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto G4 Play encontramos un procesador Snapdragon 410 1.2GHz, acompañado de 1GB/2GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 8GB/16GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto G4 Play tiene una resolución de 8 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 2800 mAh. .El Motorola Moto G4 Play también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5", 720 x 1280 pixels Procesador Snapdragon 410 1.2GHz 1GB/2GB RAM. 8GB/16GB, microSD Cámara: 8 MP. OS: Android 6.0.1 Perfil: 9.9 mm Peso: 137 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto G4 Play. basado en 7 experiencias. Conectividad 4G LTE Procesador quad-core Buena densidad de pixels (294ppi). Motorola Moto G4 Play características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto G4 Play. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto G4 Play. Noticias de Motorola Moto G4 Play. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700) , 28(700). 144.4 x 72 x 8.95~9.9 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 8GB/16GB memoria interna, 1GB/2GB RAM. - Procesador Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 quad-core 1.2GHz, GPU Adreno 306. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. 8 MP, f/2.2, flash LED, HDR, Panorama, geo-tagging, foco táctil, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 5 MP, f/2.2. - GPS con soporte A-GPS, GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. Funciones clave Motorola Moto G4 Play. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto G4 Play. Hay 114 opiniones del Motorola Moto G4 Play .. Hola tengo un problema con mi móvil motorola G4 play, desde que se actualizo no puedo recibir ni realizar llamadas. le colque una memoria externa de 16 gb clase 10 pero no me deja pasar las aplicaciones a la tarjeta y sigo con problemas de almacenamiento. Estoy muy a gusto con mi moto G4 Abrí un archivo que me mandaron por Whatsapp con la impresora de mi casa y al parecer apreté abrir siempre así y no "por única vez" y ahora no me permite abrir nada con PDF, alguien sabe como puedo hacer para resolverlo?. saludos compre un moto g4 play me vino bloqueado por la compañia de verizon y no he podido liberarlo sera que alguien me dice como liberarlo algunos me dicen que no me servira vivo en venezuela.. desbloquee el bootloader de mi moto g4 play y despues lo hice root y todo iba bien, hasta el siguiente dia que quise tomar una foto pero no se ve nada al abrir la aplicacion de camara, solo se ve la interfaz del boton para capturar la foto y para grabar video, pero no me deja seleccionar nada.. NECESITO AYUDA PARA SOLUCIONARLO POR FAVOR. mi moto g4 play presento problemas con las llamadas, lo mande a bogota a un centro motorola y me lo reconfiguraron ycambiaron ciertos elementos por garantia y esta funcionando bien .no hay quejas del servicionative. Hola, tengo el siguiente problema, me compre una tarjeta micro sd clase 10 que el equipo la reconoce, en almacenamiento me dice que tengo ocupados 15,19 gb de un total de 74,53 gb, todo bien hasta ahora, pero cuando voy a " migrar los datos" tengo un mensaje "ERROR AL TRANSFERIR LOS DATOS" y después me dice que "hubo un error al estimar los datos que se moverán, intenta de nuevo mas tarde". Bueno les explico el problema que tengo con este cel: Resulta que me compre unos auriculares, andaban muy bien durante un mes, de repente el celular dejo de reconocerlos. Probé los auriculares en otros celulares y si funcionaban, así también probé otros auriculares en el cel y funcionaban correctamente. Termine comprando otros auriculares y también anduvieron bien durante un mes, y de nuevo el cel dejo de reconocerlos. Leí por ahí que puede ser problema de hardware. Ya probé de todo, de última voy a comprarme los auriculares originales de Motorola. Si conocen alguna solución por favor diganmela💪. Se me cayó el celular en un recipiente con agua y ahora se enciende el led blanco y después de parpadear se apaga.luego no dura mucho la carga de batería. Actualmente tengo un nokia lumia 735 y quiero saber si este móvil seria una buena opción para sustituir el mio... Con relación a la cámara, que tal va? La batería y lo mas importante el movil presenta lag?. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto G4 Play - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 114. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto G4 Play. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto G4 Play. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto G4 Play a otros usuarios. Ya hay fecha de actualización a Nougat para el Motorola Moto G4 Play. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Discussion in ' Android Devices ' started by epkronz , Dec 25, 2017 .. My Moto G4 Play doesn't seem to be able to detect the side to side movements, only the up and down ones, any way to fix this or is this just an aspect of the phone?. The Moto G Play 4th Gen (G4 Play) was announced May, 2016 alongside the regular Moto G4 and G4 Plus. The Moto G4 Play is the lower-end of the lineup featuring a 5.0-inch LCD display, Snapdragon 410 processor, 16GB storage, 2GB RAM, 8MP rear/5MP front facing camera, and 2,800 mAh battery.. Do you already have an account?. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. Select Your Cell Phone Model Below. Select Your Cell Phone Model Below. 
News / Top 10 / Opinions / Features / How-To / Deals / Business. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Tablets / Phones / Apps / Software / Security / Printers / Cameras / HDTV. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. The Moto G4 Play is the smallest, least expensive phone in Motorola's unlocked G4 lineup, with decent overall performance and broad carrier compatibility. The Moto G4 Play is the smallest, least expensive phone in Motorola's unlocked G4 lineup, with decent overall performance and broad carrier compatibility.. The Moto G4 and G4 Plus are great phones for buyers on budgets, but not everyone wants a 5.5-inch screen. The unlocked Motorola Moto G4 Play scales things down to 5 inches and drops the price to $149.99, while keeping the design language, software experience, and broad carrier compatibility consistent across the board. But the G4 Play has a lower-resolution display and less-powerful hardware than its larger counterparts, making it slightly less appealing. It's no threat to the Blu R1 HD , which delivers better performance for less money, and retains Editors' Choice honors in the budget unlocked phone arena.. Design, Features, and Display The G4 Play has the same gray-and-black polycarbonate design as the G4 and G4 Plus, just in a smaller form factor. The handset measures 5.7 by 2.8 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and weighs 4.8 ounces, smaller and lighter than the G4 (6.0 by 3.0 by 0.4 inches, 5.5 ounces), and roughly on par with the R1 HD (5.6 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5 ounces). One-handed use is easy, though I'm not fond of the fairly thick bezel around the display or the lip at the bottom.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. All other physical features remain largely the same as the other G4 models. The power button and volume rocker can be found on the right side, a micro USB charging port is on the bottom, and the 3.5mm headphone jack is up top. The back cover peels off to give you access to the SIM card slot, a microSD card slot that works with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card, and a removable 2,800mAh battery. That last feature is one you won't find on either the G4 or the R1 HD, which is definitely a plus if you like to carry around a spare battery.. On the front you'll find a 5-inch, 1,280-by-720 IPS display. The resolution works out to 294 pixels per inch (ppi), just like the R1 HD, which isn't nearly as sharp as the 5.5-inch, 1080p panel on the G4 (401ppi). That said, the display benefits from good color reproduction and viewing angles. But it doesn't get very bright, which makes it difficult to see in sunlight.. Network Performance and Call Quality The Play is compatible with all four major US carriers, which is a big advantage over the R1 HD, which only works on AT&T and T-Mobile. It supports GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), CDMA (850/1900MHz), HSDPA (850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz), and LTE (1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/25/26/41) bands. We tested it on AT&T and Verizon in midtown Manhattan and saw strong performance on both carriers, with download speeds up to 32Mbps on Verizon and 22Mbps on AT&T. It also supports Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz band.. Transmissions came through loud and clear on both ends, with very little distortion even with loud construction noise nearby. And the earpiece is loud enough to be heard in noisy environments.. Processor and Battery The big difference between the Play and the G4/G4 Plus is performance. The Play is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor clocked at 1.2GHz, compared with the Snapdragon 617 that powers the other G4s. The difference in benchmark scores illustrates a notable difference: The Play scored 28,647 in AnTuTu, which tests overall system performance, while the G4 managed nearly double that at 46,260. It's also worth noting the Play scored lower than the MediaTek 6735-powered R1 HD (31,847).. Despite having a high UX score due to a lightweight UI, the Play managed a 3D score of just 720, compared with the R1 HD's 3,277. That means you'll get much better gaming performance on the R1 HD, which can actually run GTA: San Andreas, as opposted to the Play, which offered up stop motion-like frame rates. Outside of 3D gaming, however, performance is smooth. The Play has 2GB of RAM, which is sufficient to handle a fair amount of multitasking.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life is a bright spot. The phone clocked 7 hours and 50 minutes in our rundown test, in which we set screen brightness to maximum and stream full-screen video over LTE. That's better than both the R1 HD (5 hours, 57 minutes) and the Moto G4 (6 hours, 1 minute). You shouldn't have any trouble getting a full day's use out of the phone, especially since you can always buy a spare battery and swap it in when needed.. Camera and Software The G4 Play has a capable 8-megapixel camera that falls in between the G4 and R1 HD in terms of picture quality. Shots taken outdoors are crisp, with colors that appear true to life. Autoexposure handles the contrast between shadows and sunlight well, better than most phones we see at this price range. There's some noise, though, specifically in the corners of pictures, and dimmer lighting results in muddiness and grain.. The Play is also capable of recording 1080p video at 30fps, but it can be a bit jittery. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera takes clear pictures, with occasional softness depending on lighting conditions. Overall, it's a solid camera for the price, capturing sharper images than the 8-megapixel R1 HD, but not quite as sharp as the 13-megapixel G4.. The Play comes running a stock build of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow , with no changes, additions, or customizations to speak off, aside from Motorola ID added to Settings. There's no bloatware, leaving you with 10.96GB out of 16GB of total storage. You can also take advantage of Android's Adoptable Storage feature, which lets you treat a microSD card like internal storage.. Conclusions Overall, the Motorola Moto G4 Play is basically a more compact, less expensive version of its larger siblings. It supports a wide range of carrier bands, has decent overall performance, and runs a clean build of Android. For $50 more, however, you can get the G4, which has a sharper display and a faster processor, as long as you don't mind the increase in size. And for $50 less, you can get the Blu R1 HD, which offers similar features but better gaming performance, making it our Editors' Choice for low-cost smartphones.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. It seems like everyone from hackers to governments is after your personal .... The Best Password Managers of 2018. Creating one strong password that you can remember is hard enough; doing .... The Best Website Builders of 2018. It doesn't have to be an ordeal to set up a website .... About About PCMagazine Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise AdChoices. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. 
Motorola Moto G4 Play - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 49 50 ». Riyaz Madappally, 21 Feb 2018 It's been 10 months I am using this phone. It is a good phone with nice camera and good sound ... Inserted 64GB SD card and now it has 80GB. And most important is stock android which is very smooth.. Guys if u wanna use android v8.0 Oreo on Moto G4 Play. Rao Irfan, 16 Feb 2018 I updated my Moto G4 Play today but it is not supporting my sim card now what to do? Check on YouTube how to unlock your phone or visit your nearest mobile software shop.. It's been 10 months I am using this phone. It is a good phone with nice camera and good sound quality. I recently updated to Nougat and it's battery backup increased even more. Pros of this phone are :. Very nice back camera and decent front camera. Limited range of wireless FM radio. From camera focuses only the person not the nearby things. I just purchased this as a extra phone to run Pokémon Go only. I had read it ran this app OK until I ordered now starting to see poor reviews.Just wondering if anyone knows how this app runs I would appreciate it. I don't care about the gyroscope for AR as I don't use it. I updated my Moto G4 Play today but it is not supporting my sim card now what to do?. Hammad, 14 Feb 2018 Mobile updated to Nougat yesterday but it is not supporting my SIM since the update has happen... more Facing same problem and have noticed that battery consumption have increased. Another thing is that it's lagging alot.. Hammad, 14 Feb 2018 Mobile updated to Nougat yesterday but it is not supporting my SIM since the update has happen... more Mr hammad same situation with me. Mobile updated to Nougat yesterday but it is not supporting my SIM since the update has happened. Updated to 7.1.1 on XT 1602 a week ago. Battery life seems even better than on Marsmallow. Update included Android security patch November 1 2017. Just a few days later received and updated Android security patch January 1 2018 which is supposed to fix KRACK (WiFi) vulnerability. G4 Play is the best buy I've ever done.. Joe, 22 Jan 2018 Thanks to Motorola. Hope there wunt be any issues? I just connect... more Others are complaining about worse battery life. Things you should do are - backup your personal data including contacts images music and more - update to nougat - after updating turn off you phone - go to recovery menu - wipe cache partition - factory reset - after reset just configure your settings and update/download your apps. Hope there wunt be any issues? I just connected to wi fi and clicked update and followed the instructions and that's that. Please any other thing i should know? Thanks. Hope there wunt be any issues? I just connected to wi fi and clicked update and followed the instructions and that's that. Please any other thing i should know? Thanks. I am Indian and I am in a roaming, my mobile shows system updates are available on home network but I want update, so help me guys what can I do?. Anonymous, 20 Jan 2018 Anyone facing battery draining issue after nougat update??????? Also the camera performance ha... more I am also feeling that the battery backup has been affected. Now there is some constant drain. I cleared the cache partition but still no improvement.. When calling&#8203; the proximity sensor is not working well..... anybody is facing this problem in ur Moto g play after nougat update ...plz tell. Anyone facing battery draining issue after nougat update??????? Also the camera performance has dipped a bit....... Just recieved Nougat update notification.(India)! Will update tomorrow morning. Guys check your software update section(Indian users). Got android 7.1.1 nougat update yesterday evening. Everyone who will get it don't forget to go to recovery menu and wipe cache partition and factory reset. Changed some icons in app drawer. Split screen or multi window is there too.. Pages: 1 2 3 … 49 50 ». Total of 999 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto G4 Play .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
The next video is starting stop. Motorola Moto G4 Play - Review en español. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Entérate cuando subo un nuevo video: https://goo.gl/jEv5YW NEGOCIOS: negocios.isamarcial@gmail.com El Moto G4 Play es considerado por muchos el mejor gama media-baja. En este video review hacemos un análsis de todos sus aspectos para responder a esa pregunta. Sígueme en mis redes sociales: Twitter: @isa_marcial Google+: http://gplus.to/isamarcial Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/isa.marcial.d... Lista de reproducción de #MiércolesDeApp : http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=... Lista de reproducción de #ViernesDeJuego : http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=... Pack de iconos que utilizo: https://play.google.com/store/apps/de.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Motorola Moto G4 VS G4 Plus VS G4 Play - ¿Cual es el mejor gama media de 2016?. 3 Razones para COMPRAR y NO COMPRAR el Motorola Moto G4 Play. Moto G4 Play vs Moto G3 - Comparativa. Motorola Moto G4 Plus - Review en español. Moto G4 Play | EXPERIENCIA FINAL DESPUES DE UN MES DE USO, VALE LA PENA?. Motorola Moto G4 Play - Unboxing en español. Huawei reacciona al Galaxy S9 | El recuento del MWC. LG V30s ThinQ es oficial | El recuento del MWC. Samsung Galaxy S9 mejora los Animojis de Apple - Presentación en español. Motorola Moto G4 Play, review en español. Motorola Moto C Plus - Review en español. Motorola Moto G5 Plus - Review en español. Moto G4 Play - Accesorios y Funciones Basicas. MOTO G4/PLUS/PLAY | TRUCO OCULTO // MOTO X PLAY / X STYLE. WhatsApp actualiza términos y condiciones | El recuento. INVENTOS QUE LA FISICA NO PUEDE EXPLICAR | Inventos que desafian a la ciencia. Moto G4 Plus vs Huawei P9 Lite. Moto G3 vs Moto G4 ¿Merece la pena el cambio? | Comparativa moto g. Motorola Moto X4 - Review en español. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Features. Moto G4 Plus: Features and Specifications Compared. Ketan Pratap , 07 September 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Moto G4 Play has been priced at Rs. Moto G4 was launched at Rs. Moto G4 Play was launched at Rs. Lenovo India on Tuesday launched the third Moto G4 variant in the country, the Moto G4 Play, joining the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus that were already available. 8,999, the Moto G4 Play will be the most affordable of the three smartphones. It went on sale via Amazon India from Tuesday.. To recall, the Moto G4 was launched at Rs. 12,499, while the Moto G4 Plus starts at Rs. The Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus sport a lot of similarities in innards, though the Moto G4 Play has a lot of differences. If you are thinking of buying the new Moto G4 Play but getting confused with the existing Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus, make sure to check the differences between the Moto G4 Play, and Moto G4, and Moto G4 Plus.. ( Also see : Moto G4 Play vs Moto G4 vs Moto G4 Plus ). Display Both the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus feature a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) display and sport a pixel density of 401ppi. The Moto G4 Play, on the other hand, sport a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) display with a pixel density of 294ppi.. Processor The Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus are powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 SoC clocked at 1.5GHz, and coupled with an Adreno 405 GPU. The Moto G4 Play is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 clocked at 1.2GHz and coupled with Adreno 306 GPU.. Memory and storage In India, the Moto G4 Plus comes in 2GB and 3GB of RAM models, while the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Play come only in a 2GB of RAM model.. The Moto G4 Plus comes in 16GB and 32GB storage models depending on the available memory. The Moto G4 and Moto G4 Play on the other hand come only with 16GB of inbuilt storage. All the three smartphones support expandable storage via microSD card (up to 128GB).. Software The Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, and Moto G4 Play run Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and run near stock Android with slight tweaks. All the three Moto G4 models come with exclusive offer from Google Photos where users can store their photos on the cloud storage for free for two years at original quality.. Camera In terms of optics, the Moto G4 sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with an f/2.0 aperture and a dual-LED flash module. The Moto G4 Plus packs a 16-megapixel rear camera with an f/2.0 aperture and dual-LED flash module. The Moto G4 Plus bears some advanced camera features such as laser autofocus and phase detection auto-focus (PDAF). The Moto G4 Play sports an 8-megapixel rear camera with f/2.2 aperture and LED flash. All the Moto G4 models sport a 5-megapixel front camera with an f/2.2 aperture and display flash feature.. Battery Both the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus pack a large 3000mAh battery and come with a TurboPower charger that can offer up to 6 hours of charge in just 15 minutes of charging. The Moto G4 Play packs a slightly smaller 2800mAh battery, and comes bundled with a 10W Rapid Charger that can deliver up to 5 hours of battery life with 15 minutes of charging.. Others The Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, and Moto G4 Play come with 4G with LTE Cat. All the three models come with water-repellent nano-coating which can protect handsets from spills, splashes, and a little rain. It's worth noting that none of the Moto G4 models are water-resistant. Out of the three Moto G4 models, the Moto G4 Plus only sports the fingerprint scanner.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good screen Decent performance Near-stock Android Good battery life Bad Average camera performance No fingerprint sensor Not worth the price. Read detailed Motorola Moto G4 review. Moto G4 Plus to Receive Android 8.0 Oreo Update After All, Company Clarifies 'Miscommunication'. Moto Reveals Which Smartphones Will Get Android 8.0 Oreo, Moto G4 Missing From List. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update in India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Sleek design and good build Vivid display Strong battery life Near-stock version of Android Improved camera app Bad No NFC Low-light camera performance is average. Read detailed Motorola Moto G4 Plus review. Moto G4 Plus to Receive Android 8.0 Oreo Update After All, Company Clarifies 'Miscommunication'. Moto Reveals Which Smartphones Will Get Android 8.0 Oreo, Moto G4 Missing From List. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update in India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Moto G4 Play To Receive Android Nougat in June: Report. Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4 Play Get Limited Period Discounts, Cashback Offers on Amazon India. Moto G4, Moto G4 Play Smartphones Available With Discounts, Cashbacks on Amazon India. Moto G4 Plus: Features and Specifications Compared. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Further reading: Lenovo , Lenovo Mobiles , Moto G4 , Moto G4 Play , Moto G4 Play Price , Moto G4 Play Price in India , Moto G4 Plus , Moto G4 Plus Price , Moto G4 Plus Price in India , Moto G4 Plus Specifications , Moto G4 Price , Moto G4 Price in India , Moto G4 Specifications. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Price in India Tipped; Said to Launch Soon. Turing Unveils 2 Smartphones With Insane Specifications, Including Multiple Snapdragon 830 SoCs. Moto G4 Plus: Features and Specifications Compared. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Motorola Motorola Moto G4 Play. Motorola Moto G4 Play Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Motorola Moto G4 Play is a light weighted splash proof phone that comes in 4G LTE. Comes in affordable price tag, Motorola Moto G4 Play sports a 5 inc ... Network Technology GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 CDMA 800 / 1900 - XT1607, XT1609 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - XT1607 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 25(1900), 26(850), 41(2500) - XT1607 LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 13(700) - XT1609 Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2016, May Status Coming soon Body Dimensions 144.4 x 72 x 9.9 mm (5.69 x 2.83 x 0.39 in) Weight 137 g (4.83 oz) SIM Micro-SIM Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.0 inches (~66.3% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Platform OS Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 CPU Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 306 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 8/16 GB, 1/2 GB RAM Camera Primary 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR Video [email. protected] Secondary 5 MP, f/2.2 Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS NFC Yes (optional) Radio FM radio USB microUSB v2.0 Features Sensors Accelerometer, proximity Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP3/AAC+/WAV/Flac player - MP4/H.264 player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Non-removable Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery. Motorola Moto G4 Play Video Review. Muje ye set bhjna Hai 4 day use Hai 8500 ka kese ko Lena Hai to contact 03414977529. I just got to know about this amazing Motorola Moto G4 Play after reading the specs on your page. I am thinking to buy this phone for my younger sister at home. Please share the pricing information here too.. Is this phone launched or not? I am looking for a decent and attractive phone that can fulfill all my requirements perfectly! Thanks to this page for offering me this amazing Motorola Moto G4 Play phone.. Motorola Moto G4 Play Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Motorola Moto G4 Play is a light weighted splash proof phone that comes in 4G LTE. Comes in affordable price tag, Motorola Moto G4 Play sports a 5 inches touch screen display with a resolution of 1280 pixels at a low PPI of 294 pixels per inch. Powered by 1.2 GHz quad-core processor this phone comes with 2GB RAM and packs 16 GB of internal memory that is suitable enough to download and run apps smoothly on your phone. The space on your Moto G4 Play can be expanded up to 128GB via a micro SD card. The Motorola Moto G4 packs an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front snapper for taking selfies and video calling. The Motorola Moto G4 Play is operated on Android 6.0.1 OS and is powered by a 2800mAh non removable battery that ensures that you can use this phone for long without the need for frequent recharging. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, and Gyroscope but it misses out Moto Maker customization and a fingerprint scanner. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, and FM Radio that makes it easier for the device to functions perfectly connecting it to the world. Get the budget friendly Motorola Moto G4 price in Pakistan listed online on this page.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. 360 Rotate Leather Case For .. UE ROLL Mobile Bluetooth Sp .. BL-54SG - Battery For LG - .. HB4242B4EBW - Battery For H .. Powercore - Power Bank - 20 .. 
