110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto G5s Plus - Phone Screen Protectors. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Mobovida Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner. Attach this cleaning cloth directly to your device, and never deal with a nasty screen again! Innovative design works to make sure you don’t have any residue or sticky spots - and always have access! Whether you’re at a concert, sporting event, or a night in with friends, now you can always be ready to snap the perfect photo! Microfiber material won’t leave any lint behind, and its non abrasive surface doesn’t leave scratches on the screen. Keep your devices disinfected and screens clear from fingerprints and grime! Specifically manufactured for delicate device screens, this is the cleaner you’ve been waiting for. Works on Smartphones, tablets, E-readers and computer screens. Chemical-free, you can rest assured this is safe for all ages and devices! Reusable, you can even recharge the adhesive by soaking the sticker in warm, clean water. It’s time to keep your screens clean all year round, and this is the easiest way to do it!. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Mandala Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Purple. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Mandala Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Teal Green. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Large Rose Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Pink. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Rainbow Butterflies Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Multi-Color. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Twin Butterflies Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Pink. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Cherry Blossom Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Pink/Green. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Soccer Ball Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, White/Black. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Basketball Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Orange. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Rose Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Yellow. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Cactus Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Green/Yellow. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Baseball Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, White. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Protective Oukitel Leather Flip Redmi Moto G3 Case Lg Phones Cases. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Mobile Phones > Cell Phone Accessories > Cases & Leather > Motorola Moto G5s Plus. Transparent Surface Shockproof Back PC Case for Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Transparent Surface Shockproof Back PC Case for Motorola Moto G5 Plus. MUXMA Durable Canvas Design Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Motorola Moto G5 Plus. 0.26mm 9H Hardness Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola MOTO G5 Plus. 2pcs 2.5D 0.26mm 9H Hardness Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola MOTO G5 Plus. Wkae Solid Color PU Leather Flip Stand Case with Wallet and Three Card Slots for Motorola MOTO G5 Plus. Luxury Carbon Fiber Anti Drop TPU Soft Cover Case for Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Case for Motorola Moto G5S Plus Luxury Carbon Fiber Anti Drop TPU Soft Cover. 2Pcs 9H Hardness 0.26mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola MOTO G5S Plus. Luxury Ultra Thin Soft TPU Marble Case for Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Shockproof Convenient One Card Slot Hard Back Case for Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Extravagant fashion Flip Leather Case PU Wallet Cases For Motorola moto G5 Plus Cover Cases Phone Bag with Stand. Anti-slip Heavy-duty Carbon Fiber Case Cover for Motorola Moto G5 Plus. 3D Embossed Color Pattern TPU Soft Back Case for Motorola Moto G5 Plus. 3D Texture Heavy Metal Style Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Solid Color Litchi Pattern Wallet Style Front Buckle Flip PU Leather Case with Card Slots for Motorola Moto G5S Plus. 3D Texture Heavy Metal Style Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Durable Retro Style Solid Color Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Cover Case for Motorola Moto G5 Plus Bling-Bling Flash Powder Lanyard Soft TPU Case. Extravagant fashion Flip Leather Case PU Wallet Cases For Motorola moto G5S Plus Cover Cases Phone Bag with Stand. Cover Case for Motorola Moto G5s Plus Bling-Bling Flash Powder Lanyard Soft TPU Case. For MOTOROLA Moto G5s Plus Toughened Glass 9H 2.5D Cell Phone Protection Film. Strong Hybrid Silicone TPU+Armor PC Heavy Hard Shockproof Case For Mobile Phone. Strong Hybrid Silicone TPU+Armor PC Heavy Hard Shockproof Case For Mobile Phone. 9H Hardness 0.26mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Motorola MOTO G5S Plus. For Motorola TurboPower 15 QC3.0 Wall Charger with Micro USB Data / Charging Cable for Moto G5 Plus. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!. The next video is starting stop. Linuxbrs 40 videos 31,475 views Last updated on Oct 28, 2017. Especificações Motorola Modelo: Moto G5S Plus Processador: Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 Câmera Traseira Dual 13 MP, dual LED e Frontal 8 MP, Led Flash Resolução: 1920 x 1080 pixels (~401 pontos por polegadas) Tamanho da tela: 5.5'' Memória Ram: 3 GB Armazenamento: 32 GB Android 7.1.1 - MNougat Bateria 3.000 mAh não removível. Especificações Motorola Modelo: Moto G5S Plus Processador: Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 Câmera Traseira Dual 13 MP, dual LED e Frontal 8 MP, Led Flash Resolução: 1920 x 1080 pixels (~401 pontos por polegadas) Tamanho da tela: 5.5.... Motorola Moto G5S Plus - UNBOXING - Brasil. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Aplicativos. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Antutu Benchmark e Geekbench 4. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Especificações. Google Assistente - Moto G5S e Moto G5S Plus - Já vêm configurado?. Vlog Especial - Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Eu gostei. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Vlog com a câmera frontal. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Carregamento Rapido Led. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Camera traseira dia 1080p 60fps. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Câmera traseira dia 4K. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Câmera traseira de dia. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Câmera frontal de noite. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Câmera frontal de dia. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Câmera traseira de noite. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Tempo para carregar de 15% até 100%. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - USB OTG (ON-THE-GO) -. Gameplay Android - Asphalt 8 - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Cartao Micro SD Memoria Interna mover app jogos. Gameplay Android - Minecraft Pocket Edition - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Prós e Contras. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Dicas e Truques. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Interface. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Modo Profundidade. Gameplay Android - Real Racing 3 - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Duração bateria - Parte 1. Gameplay Android - Simcity Buildit - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Biometria. Gameplay Android - GTA San Andreas - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Gameplay Android - Bully - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Gameplay Android - Modern Combat 5 - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Gameplay Android - GT Racing 2 - Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Moto Tela (recursos). Motorola Moto g5S Plus - Câmera Funções. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Toque padrão (MP3) e Galeria (Álbum). Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Rádio FM. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Câmera MODOS. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Reconhecendo unidade armazenamento. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Considerações Finais. Motorola moto G5S Plus - Restauração Fábrica. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - Duração da bateria - Parte 2. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Products Smartphones Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra Refurbished Phones Motorola Nokia Samsung Gaming Microsoft Xbox Nintendo Sony Playstation Tablets Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung Accessories Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra Lifestyle Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles Memory Smart Wearables Fitness Wristbands Smart Watches Clearance / Special Offers Cables and Chargers Cases Miscellaneous Items Screen Protectors Information Contact Us About Us Delivery Information Returns Terms and Conditions International Customers. Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra. Nokia 301 - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Motorola Moto G 4G - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 - White - 4G - Unlocked - Grade A. Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung. The Latest Range of Smartphone, Mobile Technology & Mobile Phone Accessories. Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles. Moto G5S Plus (SIM Free / UK). SIM Free / Unlocked UK stock. Reasons to buy the Moto G5S Plus. Up to date Android 7.1 Nougat with the latest features from Google & Motorola. Improved all-metal aluminium unibody design in Gold or Grey. Fast 2.0GHz octa-core processor - great productivity and smooth interface. 5.5 inch Full HD IPS display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Larger 3,000 mAh sealed battery – gives you a full day of use. Dual 13 MP Main Cameras with Phase Detection AutoFocus, depth of field editor and slow motion video recording. 8MP Front Camera with wide angle lens and LED flash. Fingerprint reader – for enhanced security and simplified one-button navigation. Do you have a question? Your Name: Your Email: Your Question: Security:. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 95, 62, 58, 21, 82. Do you agree with these reviews?. Friendly staff based in the UK. Active on socail media including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram & Google. With over 20 years of trading behind us, we can boast a large customer base ranging from individual consumers through to large corporate and government organisations here in the UK and internationally.. Whether you are looking for a case, a cable or a number of smartphones for your staff, just some of the reasons to chosoe Clove are:. See what existing customers think of us. CLICK HERE to see our Trusted Shops rating or to find out more, view our About Us page.. If you have any questions then please call us on 44 (0)1202 552936 or email sales@clove.co.uk.. The competitor must be located in the UK. The item must be the same specification & colour. The item must be originally intended to be sold in the same sales region (UK). The competitor must have the product in stock. Full web address of other item:. We are committed to giving you the best prices possible so if you find an identical product elsewhere then fill out our form and let us know.. We will always try to match a competitors price but cannot guarantee that we will be able to.. To qualify for a price match:. Any item we price match will include delivery costs. For any further details please call us on +44(0)1202 552936. Moto G5S Plus XT1803 MOTP-G5SP. From £ 246.00 incVAT. WHY CHOOSE US. Motorola's budget G range just received an upgrade with the new Special Edition G5S and G5S Plus.. Both these Special Edition phones feature upgraded cameras and battery life. Other improvements include an all aluminium unibody design and larger screens with Gorilla Glass.. Clove Technology only supplies official UK stock of the Moto G5S Plus. You can buy from us, SIM Free and Unlocked, with guaranteed compatibility on all UK and European networks.. For LTE connectivity outside of Europe, please check the specifications and your local operator for compatibility.. The Moto G5S Plus is available with 32GB of internal storage and 3GB of RAM.. It is available in Blush Gold and Lunar Grey.. Updating the recent G5 Plus, this Special Edition version improves in a few key areas. Design, imagery, battery life and screen quality have all been addressed in a move to create a desirable mid range phone at an affordable price.. With a very similar shape to the previous G5 Plus, the new G5S Plus eschews plastic in favour of an aluminium unibody. Crafted from a single block of metal, the G5S Plus now has the look and feel of a much more expensive handset.. The simple curves of the body fit well in the hand and the large circular camera housing on the rear unmistakably marks this is a modern Motorola device.. Slightly larger than before, the Motorola Moto G5S Plus has a 5.5" screen with a Full HD (1920 x 1080) resolution, now protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. Motorola has done a lot of work to improve the cameras in the G phones. It is at this price that camera quality often falls significantly from the more expensive top-tier smartphones. For that reason, Moto has introduced a new module for the G5S Plus.. Dual camera setups are now all the rage in more expensive devices. Not to be left out of the party, Motorola has included dual 13MP sensors in the G5S Plus.. Dual cameras give the user the opportunity to create an interesting depth of field effects when taking pictures. Previously these kinds of effects have been reserved for traditional cameras with manual lens and aperture controls. The dual imagery also helps in post-processing to remove unwanted blur and artefacts as well as introducing colour correction. A dual LED flash is available too for colour balancing.. The G5S Plus also provides access to all the software features available on the standard model, which includes Phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF), Professional mode, Burst Mode and Automatic HDR.. Video recording is enhanced thanks to the introduction of 4K recording, video stabilisation and a slow-motion feature.. On the front of the Moto G5s is an updated 8-megapixel selfie camera. This uses a wide-angle lens to better capture group shots. Plus, there's an LED flash for those low-light bedroom/bar/restaurant shots!. G5S Plus has bumped up the processor specification to utilise the Snapdragon 625. More advanced than the 430 found in the standard G5S, the newer technology in the 625 not only improves multitasking performance and general speeds, it is also more power efficient, resulting in better battery life, even with a larger screen.. Coupled with the Adreno 506 graphics unit, the G5S Plus is more than capable of getting the average user through a day of browsing, sharing and communication without frustrating slow downs.. A little bit larger than before, the Moto G5S Plus has a sealed 3,000 mAh internal battery. This is large enough to keep most of us running for a full day.. Included in the box is a Motorola branded Turbo Charger too; you can use this to provide up to 6 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes of charging time.. Alongside an almost stock Android experience, Motorola has some additional Moto experiences. These are all optional, however, if you choose to use them then they can enhance your use of the phone.. These experiences include several hand gestures and screen interactions. You can karate chop to turn the flashlight on and off, or double twist the phone in your hand to launch the camera.. The front-mounted fingerprint sensor can be used to lock the phone, as well as authorising the use of applications, access to folders and online purchases.. It doesn't stop there though! One-button navigation can also be enabled. With this feature, you can remove the traditional Android Back (Triangle), Home (Circle) and Multitasking (Square) buttons from the screen.. In their place, you instead use gestures on the fingerprint sensor. A single tap takes you back, a long press gets you to the home screen and a swipe to the right brings up the multitasking screens.. Capacity (Up to) Up to 128GB. Resolution 1080 x 1920 (401 ppi). Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. Frequencies 850 / (Japan 850) / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. Frequencies LTE Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 18, 19, 20, 26, 28, 38, 40. Functions GAP, SDP, HSP, HFP, PAN, MAP, OPP, HID, PBAP, AVRCP, A2DP. Version 802.11 a/b/g/n (2.4 GHz / 5 GHz). Video Out Yes, wireless via Google Home / Miracast. Megapixels Dual 13MP (wide) & 13MP (standard). Flash Phase detection autofocus & dual-LED flash. Other 8x digital zoom (photos) 4x (video), Drag to focus & exposure, Quick Capture, Tap to capture, Professional Mode, Burst mode, Panorama, Auto HDR, Video stabilisation, 4K Ultra HD video (30 fps), Slow Motion video. Type 8 MP, f/2.0 aperture, Wide-angle, LED flash, Panorama, Professional mode, Beautification mode. Formats MP3 / AAC / WAV / Flac player. Dimensions 153.5 x 76.2 x 8.04 mm (9.35 mm at camera). Software Google Play, Google Apps, Moto Apps (Display, Gestures etc.). The following is a list of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about this product. Hopefully you will find the answer to your question, if not, use the contact form below and we shall answer it for you.. Yes - If you are located outside of the UK you may want to take a look at our list of FAQs for international customers on the following link: http://www.clove.co.uk/international-customers.aspx. Is this phone SIM FREE and Unlocked?. Yes, this phone is unlocked and can be used with networks around the world.. Do check the specifications to ensure compatibility in your region with your network provider. No SIM card or contract applies to this phone.. Unless the description of the product suggests otherwise (I.e. EX-DEMO) then this product is brand new and has not been used before.. No - There is only the manufacturer’s branding.. Does the phone have a Micro SDHC/memory card slot?. Yes – this phone supports up to 256GB of external storage. Is this a dual SIM phone?. What SIM card does this phone use?. It uses a Nano SIM card.. Does this phone have a removable battery?. Does this phone have a fingerprint sensor?. There is a short-term splash-resistant coating applies from new, however, the phone is not officially waterproof and does not have an IP rating.. Overall Rating 5 Stars. Excellent phone, very fast charging and Android 7 with a selection of Moto add-ons is really good, so much faster than my old Nexus 4 with Android 5. 32Gb is a good size, so I don’t have to constantly manage space for app updates, Really find the fingerprint scanner very good for logging in, also pleased that it takes a MicroSD card. Btw it takes a NanoSim, so if you are transferring phones, check if you need a new one.. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 95, 62, 58, 21, 82. LG Rolly 2 Flexi Bluetooth Keyboard KBB-710. Call us on +44 (0)1202 552936 | Email us at sales@clove.co.uk. © Copyright Design and Content Clove Technology. © Copyright Coding and Touch E-commerce platform from Online Retailing. This item has been added to your basket.. This item has been added to your compare list.. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: A lot of phone for a very reasonable price. A definite step up in design and function from the Moto G5 Plus – the most desirable Moto phone yet You are here: Home Mobile phones Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: A lot of phone for a very reasonable price. whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email. Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: Design and feel Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: The software Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: Performance and Battery life Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: Display Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: Camera Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: Verdict. The Moto G5S is a smart-looking budget phone with an impressive camera (read our full review here); the Moto G5S Plus, you won’t be surprised to learn, is a larger version of the same.. It’s not actually that much bigger, mind you. The screen measures 5.5in across the diagonal, rather than the 5.2in of the regular Moto G5S and at £259 it’s not much more expensive, either. That places it in an odd niche: it’s far cheaper than flagship phones like the Samsung Galaxy S8 but not quite down there with the sub-£200 phones that populate the "budget" market.. If the Moto G5S Plus has a rival, it’s probably the Honor 6X, which has broadly comparable specs, but that phone looks and feels a bit cheaper than the Moto G5S Plus. There’s basically nothing else out there that matches the Moto G5S Plus formula at a similar price.. READ NEXT: Motorola Moto G5S review. Motorola Moto G5S Plus 32 GB (Single Sim) UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Blush Gold. The Moto G5S Plus introduces a new unibody casing which, as with the regular G5S, lends it a sense of class that belies its price. Where the old Moto G5 Plus was made from a combination of metal and plastic, the G5S Plus is all aluminium and it looks and feels a lot more expensive.. To be strictly accurate, there are some plastic lines at the back covering the antennae, but they don’t cheapen the overall impression. Factor in a slightly curved back that downplays the phone’s 8mm thickness and it’s the most stylish and robust Moto G phone yet.. One caveat, though: while the phone feels perfectly solid, after a few weeks of carting it around in a pocket there it had quite a few light scratches and scuffs to the finish. The camera housing protrudes a little way from the back too, which makes it easy to knock. If you want to keep the Moto G5S Plus looking pristine this is one phone that might benefit from a case.. For connectivity, the Moto G5S Plus sticks with an old-school micro-USB port, rather than the more modern USB Type-C connector. You can still fast-charge it using the supplied charger though or any USB port that supports Motorola’s TurboPower “standard”. Data transfer isn’t as fast as USB Type-C, but that’s no biggie; these days, it’s much more common to stream and download files than to transfer them via cable.. As with the Moto G5S, there’s also a 3.5mm headphone jack on the top, and a front-facing fingerprint scanner beneath the display. This didn’t feel as fast as we’d hoped, and performance became a little erratic after a few weeks of use, requiring us to retrain it, but it’s still nice to have.. There’s also NFC (useful for contactless payments via Android Pay) and a decent 32GB of built-in storage, which you can expand with a microSD card. The handset isn’t waterproof, but it’s advertised as splashproof – so you don’t need to worry too much about taking a call in the rain.. Like all Moto G phones, the Moto G5S Plus runs Motorola’s own take on Android, which isn’t much modified from the standard ROM: it’s based on Android 7.1.1 (Nougat), with an update to 8.0 (Oreo) planned in the next few months.. Motorola Moto G5S review: A sharper take on the Moto G5. 14 best Android phones: 2017's very best buys. Moto G5 Plus review: Everything the Moto G5 should have been (with an incredible camera). There are however a few distinctive Motorola features. Moto Display shows notification reminders on the standby display when you’re not using the phone, and you can use a variety of gestures to launching various features and apps.. You can also swipe across the fingerprint scanner rather than using Android’s soft buttons: a left swipe triggers the “back” action, while a right swipe launches the recent apps screen. It’s a nice touch if you don’t like the way the soft buttons dip out of sight when an app is running in full-screen mode.. The Moto G5S Plus is built on the Snapdragon 625 CPU. This isn’t a particularly powerful chip and, as it happens, it’s the same one used by the Moto G5 Plus, so I wasn’t expecting to see any difference in benchmark scores.. In fact Motorola has evidently managed to wring a little extra power out of the chipset, as the G5S Plus scored 4,265 points in Geekbench, some 10% ahead of the Moto G5 Plus. That’s not enough of a boost to make a really noticeable difference in everyday use but it’s a nice little bonus.. The Snapdragon 625 is also fast enough to run even quite demanding games smoothly at the G5S Plus’ native Full HD resolution:. The Moto G5S Plus’ battery life isn’t outstanding, but I had no problem getting through a full 24 hours between charges. That means you can top up the 3,000mAh battery at whatever time of day suits you: thanks to Motorola’s TurboPower charging technology, you can get most of the way to a full charge within an hour.. And in our video benchmark the Moto G5S Plus lasted a respectable 14hrs 51mins; again, this isn’t a best-in-class performance but it is a perfectly good score that’s a step up from the 13hrs 13mins of the Moto G5 Plus.. The Moto G5S Plus’ 5.5in IPS screen has a resolution of 1080p, which gives it a pixel density of 400dpi. It isn’t the sharpest screen out there but it certainly doesn’t look blocky, and it’s a good size for watching videos or playing games.. When it comes to colour reproduction, the Moto G5S Plus doesn’t have the ultra-wide colour range of some high-end screens but it looks good. It covers 85.5% of the sRGB gamut, which is enough to appear vivid and punchy to the naked eye and has an impressive 1,477:1 contrast ratio, a touch higher than the iPhone 8 Plus, which also helps.. If you want a bit more zing you can also switch the panel into “vibrant mode”, which ramps up the colours for a slightly brighter appearance. The difference isn’t huge, though: you won’t be mistaking this for a high-end AMOLED panel.. One interesting feature of the Moto G5S Plus is the new 13-megapixel rear camera – or, I should say, cameras, as it’s the first Moto G phone to have dual sensors. Don’t get too excited, though: these aren’t used for the sort of high-quality zoom or wide-angle images found on flagship phones. Their only role is to soften the background, to create the familiar shallow depth of field effect.. I found the camera got confused when shooting complicated scenes, but if you keep things simple – such as shooting portraits with a good bit of distance between your subject and their background – you can get some good results.. The camera also copes very nicely with regular daytime scenes. There’s more dynamic range than you’d expect from a lower-cost phone, with plenty of detail and nice solid colours.. Things go downhill a bit as the light fails, however. There’s no optical image stabilisation, so extended exposure times are off the table, and the f/2.0 aperture isn’t wide enough to compensate. If you’re shooting at night or in a gloomy room you’ll quickly start to lose detail as images succumb to noise and smeariness.. Disappointingly, shooting also feels less responsive than it did with the G5 Plus: there’s a definite shutter lag that wasn’t there before. The front-facing 8-megapixel selfie camera is afflicted too; here’s hoping that that can be improved with a software update.. Motorola Moto G5S Plus 32 GB (Single Sim) UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Blush Gold. The Moto G5S Plus is the most desirable Moto G handset we’ve seen in a long time. It’s certainly an improvement on the original G5 Plus: the larger screen is better for games and videos, and the unibody casing makes it feels much more like a premium smartphone.. Of course, performance and display quality aren’t up there with the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S8 or the iPhone, but they’re good enough that I’d be happy to use this phone as my daily driver.. Indeed, the Moto G5S Plus’ only real weakness is its slightly uneven and laggy camera. If you can live with that, it’s a very tempting step up from the cheap, plasticky handsets that occupy the bottom end of the Android market.. Apple Watch 3 Google Pixel 2 Kodi Oculus Rift Sky Soundbox iPad Pro iPhone X. This creepy baby shows you how dirty your home really is. YouTube severs (some of) its ties with Logan Paul. This rare shark looks like Venom from Spiderman. Japanese astronaut didn’t REALLY grow 9cm in three weeks. Google’s Arts and Culture app now matches selfies to art. Is Kodi always buffering? Try these fixes first. The 11 must-have PlayStation VR games. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Samsung Galaxy X reportedly shown in secret. Here's how to get that £25 iPhone battery replacement in UK. MWC 2018: All the highlights from Mobile World Congress. MWC 2018 dates run from 26 February to 1 March. Here's what to expect from Samsung, Sony, Apple, Nokia and more. UK airports to trial AI to get you through security faster. Eight AI projects have been chosen to trial tech the government hopes will bridge the gap between robust security and an easy-to-use service. Sony unveils the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. As the names suggest, the phones are from Sony's XZ range and are successors to last year's XZ Premium. Sony Xperia XZ2: New flagship records 4K HDR video. Sony’s smaller smartphone matures, gaining a bigger 18:9 screen and some lovely curves. How technology is changing your work. How one tweet wiped $1.3 billion off Snapchat's market value. What small businesses should do to get ready for GDPR. The GDPR compliance effective date is fast approaching. Here's what you need to know. Signal gets a cash injection from WhatsApp's co-founder. Atari is creating a new cryptocurrency, for some reason. Not content with holding back the Ataribox, Atari makes another baffling decision. Developments from the frontiers of science. Humans will be on Mars within 20 years, claims Tim Peake. The British astronaut predicted companies like SpaceX could work with space agencies to get people on the Red Planet. How to tell your supermassive black hole from your stellar black hole. If you can smell "death", you may be at risk of depression. Scientists have uncovered the biochemical details of the smell of death, which, bizarrely, may be able to help treat depression. iPhone app slashes hospital readmissions for heart attacks. Getting to the heart of the problem with better education. The cutting edge of automotive technology. New Audi Q8 (2018): Everything you need to know. The new Q8 is going to be the best Audi SUV you can buy. All the new F1 cars for 2018’s World Championship. We’ll keep this page updated with all the new F1 2018 cars as they’re revealed by the different teams. National Grid plans network of superfast chargers for EVs. The plans would put 90% of drivers within 50 miles of an EV charger that would give cars a boost in just five minutes. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. A big SUV designed to rival the luxury brands for comfort, tech and practicality but it narrowly misses the mark. How technology is changing our everyday lives. No, a Pokémon RPG for Switch isn’t being revealed today. Tweets around a new Pokémon Nintendo Direct turn out to be fake sending the internet into a spin. The second Pokémon Go Community Day starts tomorrow. February's Pokémon Go Community Day kicks off on 24 February. Two new fighters return for SoulCalibur VI. Bandai Namco reveals two returning fighters alongside a slew of new screenshots of SoulCalibur 6 in action. The Nintendo eShop is in hot water with European law. Some big changes could be coming the the Nintendo Switch store. The world of 20 years from now. Watch this: Boston Dynamics’ SpotMini can now open doors. The robotics company’s latest video shows two robot dogs communicating and working together. The race to quantum supremacy is on, with researchers claiming their machines will manage tasks beyond any modern rival. What exactly is Elon Musk planning with The Boring Company?. Musk claims the underground tunnels will take passengers more than 200 miles in less than half an hour. Acoustic "tractor beam" can levitate large items. A breakthrough by researchers at Bristol University means ultrasonic waves can now levitate larger objects than ever before. Sony Xperia XZ2: New flagship records 4K HDR video. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Sony’s baby grows up. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on review: It’s all about the camera. Samsung Galaxy S9+: Dual cameras for S9's bigger twin. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia’s new mid-ranger has a hint of luxury. Nokia 8 Sirocco: Good looks but not much substance. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Huawei Matebook X Pro: Huawei refines its laptop formula. Fossil Q Control review: Brand-name aside, you can do better. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. Doom finally has motion controls on Switch. Apple Watch 3 has been selling twice as fast as Series 2. Back to top Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews Channel Pro Know Your Mobile Auto Express Carbuyer More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices. © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 7 £ 180 £ 184 € 205 € 209 £ 241 $ 252 $ 257 £ 263 € 275 € 299 $ 338 $ 368 R$ 817 R$ 833 zł 855 zł 871 R$ 1,095 zł 1,145 R$ 1,192 zł 1,247 руб 14,236 руб 14,515 ₹ 16,328 ₹ 16,647 руб 19,070 руб 20,765 ₹ 21,872 ₹ 23,816 Not available. Finding the best price for the Motorola Moto G5s Plus 3GB 32GB is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Motorola Moto G5s Plus 3GB 32GB at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. Moto G Plus (5th gen.) Special , XT1803 , XT1605 , XT1606. August 2017, 6 months ago. 76.2 mm x 153.5 mm x 9.5 mm. 1080 x 1920 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 5 cm away. - More smartphones with Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953 processor. - More smartphones with 3GB RAM memory. 61.000 Overall performance better than 80% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 25-31 GB). - More smartphones with 32GB of internal storage. 5818 Songs , 12800 Photos and 457 Videos. Slot for SD or second SIM card. - More smartphones with IMX258 lens model. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. B4 (1700/2100 AWS 1) ,. B4 (1700/2100 AWS A-F) ,. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). - More smartphones with Android 7.1 Nougat operating system. Motorola Moto G5s Plus 3GB 32GB. Motorola Moto G5s Plus 3GB 32GB. Lenovo Moto G5 Plus 3GB 32GB. Motorola Moto G5s Plus 3GB 32GB. Motorola Moto G5s Plus 3GB 32GB. Motorola Moto G5s Plus 3GB 32GB. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Motorola Moto G5s Plus Review: Special edition smartphone packing a dual-lens camera. Moto G5s Plus review: Screen and media. Moto G5s Plus review: Features and OS. Moto G5s Plus review: Performance and battery life. Screen size 5.5-inches Screen resolution 1920x1080 Weight N/A OS Android Nougat Rear Camera Dual 13MP Front camera 8MP w/flash Processor Snapdragon 625 Memory 3GB Storage 32GB + microSD 4G LTE Yes Bonus features Fingerprint sensor. Bigger screen Smart and streamlined UI Sleek design. Dual lens camera no marked improvement. We already love the Moto G5 Plus and Motorola has just super-sized it in the form of the special edition Moto G5s Plus. Packing a bigger display than before, as well as some refined design work and a new dual-lens camera, the G5s Plus is one of the best sub-£300 smartphones you can buy right now. As much as we love the Samsung Galaxy S8 and iPhone X , these premium mobiles are really for those well-off consumers lucky enough to have buckets of disposable cash. For the rest of us, we really just need a smartphone that can cover the basics and provide a satisfying user experience.. More demanding users on a strict budget should seriously consider Motorola’s Moto G-series handsets. The Moto G5 Plus sits at the top end of the family, offering a capable camera and strong specs, as well as a streamlined Android interface – all for under £300 SIM-free.. We’re still big fans of the G5 Plus six months after its launch, as you’ll see in our long-term review. However, Motorola has just complicated matters by releasing a new special edition model of this affordable blower, known as the Moto G5s Plus. The G5s Plus doesn’t just serve up some slightly tweaked specs, compared with the original handset. Rather, you get a fresh new dual-lens camera, revamped bodywork and a bigger display for enjoying media on the move.. We’ve spent a couple of weeks with the Motorola Moto G5s Plus and here’s our in-depth review of this special edition smartphone.. Confused about how the Moto G5 Plus and Moto G5s Plus stack up? We’ve covered every little difference in our Moto G5 Plus vs Moto G5s Plus comparison .. You can also check out our best budget smartphones round-up , to see alternative mobiles that will suit your price limits.. We’re happy that budget smartphones these days no longer come packing cheap, plastic frames. Rather, you can expect a sturdy metal design even from very affordable handsets, including the great-value (at just £129). The Moto G5 Plus offered a sleek two-tone metallic finish that proved pleasingly rugged, yet the G5s Plus goes one further with its unibody design. This seamless construction – if you don’t count the aerial banding. – stretches around the edges of the handset, complete with some shiny chamfered corners to break up the matte surfacing. As far as looks go, this special edition handset is one of the more attractive affordable blowers out there.. Although the screen size has increased over the standard Moto G5 Plus, Motorola has kept the dimensions of the G5s Plus almost identical. That’s thanks to the reasonably narrow bezels above and below the display. One-handed use is still quite tricky, as this handset is rather wide. Thankfully you get some help in that department from the Moto Assistant, which we’ll touch on later.. Although this model isn’t water resistant, you can still happily use it in the rain without much worry. We’ve also found that the G5s Plus is tough enough to chuck in a bag and generally bash around, without leaving any significant marks or scuffs on the surface. We’ve treated the handset quite roughly to fully test it out and you’d have to seriously squint to make out any kind of damage.. In fact, our only real complaint about the design work is that jutting camera lens, which sticks quite far out of the Moto’s rear end. Luckily the glass cover seems to be pretty hardy as well, so far resisting any scratches.. The G5s Plus’ unibody finish is rugged as well as attractive, with some pleasing refinement compared with the original model.. The jutting camera lens really does stick out quite far, while some rivals such as the Samsung Galaxy J series offer full water resistance for a similar price.. The G5s Plus boosts the screen size up to 5.5-inches, which is certainly spacious enough to comfortably enjoy some Netflix on your commute. Despite the larger display, that Full HD resolution keeps everything nice and sharp. High-definition movies look great, although the IPS tech means you don’t get lush, vivid colour reproduction, as you do on AMOLED screens. Even Motorola’s Vibrant mode doesn’t seem to make much difference.. Still, you get a nifty night mode for evening use, which filters blue light for a more comfortable, easy-on-the-eye experience. On top brightness it’s strong enough for easy outdoors use as well, even when the sun is shining.. You get 32GB of storage packed into the Moto G5s Plus, of which roughly 10GB is already filled with the OS and other bits. That’s still plenty of room for apps and the rest, while you can shove in a microSD memory card to carry around a massive media collection.. The bigger screen is still pleasingly sharp, as well as bright enough for strong clarity in pretty much any conditions.. We’d struggle to complain about any aspects of the Moto G5s Plus’ media capabilities, to be honest. Some rivals offer more striking colour reproduction with their AMOLED panels, including once again Samsung’s Galaxy J series.. There’s absolutely no difference between the Moto G5s Plus and standard Moto G5 Plus when it comes to the user interface. Motorola has once again served up a vanilla version of Android Nougat, which should therefore receive a swift upgrade to Oreo in the very near future. No clunky overlays or unnecessary bolt-ons here.. In fact, the only serious addition to Google’s OS is the Moto Assistant, which is genuinely helpful. This offers a variety of motion-based controls that can be used to quick-load the camera, for instance, as well as shrink down your apps and desktops so they’re easier to use with one hand.. You can check out more about these software features in our Moto G Series tips and tricks guide , as well as in our hands-on video below.. You also have a fingerprint sensor housed beneath the display, in the physical home button. This can quickly and effectively unlock the phone instead of a PIN, with up to five fingerprints recognised. You can even replace the on-screen back, home and recent apps buttons with the sensor, using an option inside of the Moto Assistant. This uses gesture recognition instead and it works well, as it does on the Huawei P10 and Honor 9 handsets.. Motorola’s lack of tinkering means you get a smooth, clutter-free user experience. We’re also expecting a timely update to Android Oreo as a result. Meanwhile, the Assistant delivers some very helpful shortcuts and features that make life that little bit easier.. Some might complain that the Moto G5s Plus doesn’t have any sexy, unique features to help set it apart from rivals.. Another area that hasn’t changed is the performance specs. You once again have a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 chipset packed inside the Moto G5s Plus, backed by 3GB of RAM. That’s a reasonably efficient mid-tier platform, which handles the clutter-free version of Android with ease.. You’ll often have to wait a second or so while your app loads after tapping the icon, while the odd little pause crops up here and there during everyday operation. However, the phone is pleasingly stable, with no crashes or tantrums on show during our fortnight of full-time testing. You can play the latest games without a struggle too.. Once again you have a 3000mAh battery stuffed inside the G5s Plus, to match Moto’s original G5 Plus smartphone. This gives over a day of use between charges, as long as you’re not constantly streaming YouTube or blasting through demanding games. You’ll happily enjoy a full 36 hours of life in most cases, while the Turbo Charge support means you can power up quickly when the battery is drained.. Sadly the charging port isn’t the latest reversible Type-C, so you’ll have to pay attention when sticking the cable in. That also means slower data transfer when you’re hooked up to a computer.. That clean version of Android and Qualcomm’s mid-tier Snapdragon 625, combined with a generous 3GB of RAM, makes for quite smooth operation. You’ll also get solid battery life, thanks to the large cell and efficient platform.. You’ll still see the occasional little stammer or pause, while the lack of Type-C USB connectivity is a weird one.. One of the biggest differences between the Moto G5s Plus and the standard vanilla G5 Plus is the camera tech. That original 12-megapixel snapper , which was impressive for the price, has been completely gutted and replaced with a new dual-lens 13-megapixel shooter instead.. This is the first Motorola mobile to come packing a camera with two lenses, although another handset sporting similar optics – the mid-range Moto X4 – just launched over at IFA 2017. Of course, double the lenses doesn’t necessarily mean better photos and video. That’s why we’ve thoroughly tested the Moto G5s Plus’ camera and also directly compared the results with the Moto G5 Plus, to see what difference the secondary lens really makes.. Check out our full Moto G5s Plus camera review , for photo and video samples and our full analysis. We’ve also rounded up our favourite budget-friendly camera phones , which deliver great-looking photos without breaking the bank.. The G5s Plus is great for capturing everyday snaps and offers strong depth effects now with its secondary lens. You can also shoot up to 4K resolution video.. Sadly the Moto G5s Plus isn’t as strong at capturing images in low light as the original G5 Plus.. Overall, the Moto G5s Plus improves on the already-great G5 Plus, offering a lot for less than £300 here in the UK. Refined design work, a bigger display and that same vanilla Android interface makes for a strong all-rounder, while the improved selfie camera will appeal to Instagram fans. However, that dual-lens snapper on the back merely does things differently rather than boosting an already great camera.. Moto G5 vs Moto G5S vs Moto G5 Plus vs Moto G5S Plus: What’s the difference?. Moto G5 Plus Review: In Depth. Moto G5 vs Moto G5 Plus: What’s the difference?. Moto G5 Plus camera review: Photo and video samples and a cheeky S7 comparison. Moto G4 long-term review: We return to the Moto G4 in 2017. Moto C vs Moto C Plus vs Moto G5 vs Moto G5 Plus: Which is best for me?. Moto G5 vs Moto G5S vs Moto G5 Plus vs Moto G5S Plus: What’s the difference?. Moto G5 Plus Review: In Depth. Moto G5 vs Moto G5 Plus: What’s the difference?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1806 - 32 GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 4.8 average based on 5 product ratings. Color: Lunar Grey Lunar Grey Blush Gold. Get it by Wed, Mar 7 - Tue, Mar 13 from El Paso, Texas • Used condition • No returns, but backed by eBay Money back guarantee. No scratches, dings, or dents on the aluminum body. For sale is my Moto G5S Plus 32gb Lunar Gray smart phone. Comes with original charging cable, power brick, and its original box plus a clear incipio case and glass screen protector.. ( 17 ) 100.0% Positive feedback. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1806 - 32 GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Compare similar products. Motorola Moto X 4th Generation - 32GB - Sterling Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 - 32GB - Black and Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 64GB - Lunar Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola MOTO G5 Plus - 32GB - Fine Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto X 4th Generation - 32GB - Super Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation XT1625 - 32GB - Black Unlocked Smartphone. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition /Dark Gray - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto G 4th Generation 32GB Black - Unlocked. Nexus 6 XT1103 - 32GB - Cloud White (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto G Plus 4th Generation XT1644 - 64GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia XA1 - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Honor 6X - 32GB - Gray (Unlocked) Smartphone. by tennis-r-dog Dec 06, 2017. Have had the Moto G5s+ for 2 weeks now and got used to the new navigation quickly. Moved from a Windows phone that I was happy with, but Microsoft quit supporting and it was showing various problems (such as all of a sudden not being able to connect to my home WiFi!). So after 4 years I gave up the Windows Nokia. The Moto was a great value and seems to be a solid phone. Thus far I am very pleased. Still getting acquainted with some of its capabilities, especially the camera.. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by dannkriv-0 Nov 06, 2017. Great price, great battery, great fingerprint scanner, fast and snappy,. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by albertbaile0 Dec 15, 2017. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android?. Comparing iPhones: The Ultimate Buyer’s Guide. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones?. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5. 5 Tips for Buying an HTC Desire. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $550.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. Motorola Moto G4 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. Motorola Moto Z Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. Motorola Moto G Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. Motorola Moto E Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. FREE SHIPPING ON ALL US ORDERS. Recently added item(s) ×. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Devices View All Devices iPhone Cases View All iPhone Cases iPhone X Cases iPhone 8 Cases iPhone 8 Plus Cases iPhone 7 Cases iPhone 7 Plus Cases iPhone SE Cases iPhone 6s Cases iPhone 6 Cases iPhone 6s Plus Cases iPhone 6 Plus Cases iPhone 5 & iPhone 5s Cases Smartphone Cases View All Smartphone Cases Samsung Smartphone Cases View All Samsung Smartphone Cases Samsung Galaxy S9 Cases Samsung Galaxy S9+ Cases Samsung Galaxy Note8 Cases Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Case Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases Samsung Galaxy S8+ Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Alcatel Cases View All Alcatel Cases Alcatel U50 Cases Alcatel A50 Cases Alcatel A30 Fierce Cases IDOL 4S Cases ASUS Cases View All ASUS Cases ASUS Zenfone V Live Cases ASUS ZenFone V Cases ASUS ZenFone AR Cases BlackBerry Cases View All BlackBerry Cases BlackBerry Motion Cases BlackBerry KEYone Cases BlackBerry DTEK60 Cases BlackBerry DTEK50 Cases BlackBerry PRIV Cases BlackBerry Leap Cases Coolpad Cases View All Coolpad Cases Coolpad Alchemy Cases Essential Cases View All Essential Cases Essential Cases Google Smartphone Cases View All Google Smartphone Cases Google Pixel 2 XL Cases Google Pixel 2 Cases Google Pixel XL Cases Google Pixel Cases Google Nexus 6P Cases Google Nexus 5X Cases HTC Smartphone Cases View All HTC Smartphone Cases HTC U11+ Cases HTC U11 Life Cases HTC U11 Cases HTC One X10 Cases HTC U Play Cases HTC U Ultra Cases HTC Bolt Cases HTC Desire 530 Cases HTC 10 Cases Huawei Smartphone Cases View All Huawei Smartphone Cases Huawei Mate 10 Pro Cases Huawei Honor 8 Pro Cases Huawei Honor V9 Cases Huawei Mate 9 Pro Cases Huawei Mate 9 Cases Huawei P8 Lite Cases Huawei Honor 6x Cases Huawei Nova Cases Huawei P10 Plus Cases Huawei P10 Cases Huawei P10 Lite Cases Huawei Honor 8 Cases Huawei Nexus 6P Cases Kyocera Cases View All Kyocera Cases Kyocera DuraForce Pro LG Smartphone Cases View All LG Smartphone Cases LG Tribute Dynasty Cases LG Q6 Cases LG V30 Cases LG X Charge Cases LG K3 Cases LG X venture Cases LG G6 Cases LG Stylo 3 Plus Cases LG Stylo 3 Cases LG K20 V Cases LG Phoenix 3 Cases LG Aristo Cases LG V20 Cases LG G5 Cases Meizu Smartphone Cases View All Meizu Smartphone Cases Meizu M3 Note Cases Motorola Smartphone Cases View All Motorola Smartphone Cases Motorola Moto X4 Cases Motorola Moto Z2 Force Cases Motorola Moto Z2 Play Cases Motorola E4 Plus (International) Cases Motorola Moto E4 Plus Cases Motorola E4 (International) Cases Motorola Moto E4 Cases Motorola Moto G5s Plus Cases Motorola Moto G5s Cases Motorola Moto G5 Plus Cases Motorola Moto G5 Cases Motorola Moto G4 Play Cases Motorola Moto G4 Plus Cases Motorola Moto G4 Cases Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Cases Nokia Lumia Cases View All Nokia Lumia Cases Nokia 6 Cases Sony Smartphone Cases View All Sony Smartphone Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Cases Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Cases Sony Xperia XZ1 Cases Sony Xperia XZ Premium Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Cases Sony Xperia L1 Cases Sony Xperia XA1 Cases Sony Xperia XZs Cases Sony Xperia XA Ultra Cases Sony Xperia X Performance Cases ZTE Smartphone Cases View All ZTE Smartphone Cases ZTE Maven 3 Cases ZTE Blade X Cases ZTE ZMAX Pro Cases ZTE Maven 2 Cases ZTE ZMAX 2 Cases ZTE Maven Cases iPad Cases View All iPad Cases iPad Pro Cases View All iPad Pro Cases iPad Pro 10.5 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 (2nd Generation) Cases iPad Pro 9.7 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 (1st Generation) Cases iPad 9.7 (5th Generation) Cases iPad Air 2 Cases iPad Air Cases iPad mini 4 Cases iPad mini 1/2/3 Cases iPad 2/3/4 Cases Tablet & Laptop Sleeves Tablet Cases View All Tablet Cases Microsoft Surface Cases & Sleeves View All Microsoft Surface Cases & Sleeves Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Cases Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Cases Microsoft Surface Pro (2013)/Pro 2 Cases Microsoft Surface 3 Cases Microsoft Surface RT Cases Samsung Cases View All Samsung Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8 Cases Samsung Galaxy Book 12" Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7" (2016) Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Cases Samsung Galaxy TabPRO S Cases Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Cases Amazon Kindle Cases & Sleeves View All Amazon Kindle Cases & Sleeves Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle Fire (2016) Cases Amazon Kindle Fire HD 10 Cases Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 (2015) Cases ASUS Cases View All ASUS Cases ASUS ZenPad Z8s Cases ASUS ZenPad Z10 Cases ASUS ZenPad Z8 Cases AT&T Cases View All AT&T Cases AT&T Trek 2 HD LG Cases View All LG Cases LG G Pad F2 8.0 Cases LG G Pad X II 10.1 Tablet Cases LG G Pad X 10.1 Tablet Cases LG G Pad X8.3 Tablet Cases Verizon Ellipsis Cases View All Verizon Ellipsis Cases Verizon Ellipsis 10 HD Cases Verizon Ellipsis 10 Cases Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD Cases Verizon Ellipsis 8 Cases ZTE Tablet Cases View All ZTE Tablet Cases ZTE ZPad 8 Cases Laptop Cases View All Laptop Cases MacBook Cases & Sleeves View All MacBook Cases & Sleeves MacBook Pro 2016 Cases MacBook 12in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 13in Cases MacBook Pro 13in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 15in Retina display Cases MacBook Pro 15in Cases MacBook Pro 17in Cases MacBook Air 11in Cases MacBook Air 13in Cases Microsoft Surface Book Cases & Sleeves View All Microsoft Surface Book Cases & Sleeves Microsoft Surface Book 2 13.5in Sleeves Microsoft Surface Book Sleeves Lenovo N23 Chromebook Cases Microsoft Surface Laptop Cases & Sleeves 13in Cases & Sleeves 15in Cases & Sleeves Power View All Power iPhone Wireless Chargers Smart Cases View All Smart Cases iPhone 7 Plus Smart Cases iPhone 7 Smart Cases iPhone 6/6s Smart Cases iPhone SE Battery Cases iPhone 5/5s Battery Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Battery Cases Motorola Moto Z Play Droid Battery Case Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Battery Cases Motorola Moto Z Droid Battery Cases Portable Battery Packs Wireless Charging USB-C Charging Cables View All Charging Cables Lightning Cables Micro-USB Cables USB-C Cables Wall Chargers Car Chargers & Accessories Accessories View All Accessories ClamCase Keyboards Google Accessories View All Google Accessories Daydream View VR Google Home Mini Accessories Apple Watch Accessories View All Apple Watch Accessories Apple Watch Series 1 Bands Apple Watch Series 2 Bands Apple Watch Series 3 Bands Apple TV Accessories Auto Accessories Audio Earbuds CommandKit Accessories Screen Protection View All Screen Protection iPhone Screen Protectors View All iPhone Screen Protectors iPhone X Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protector iPhone SE Screen Protectors iPhone 6/6s Screen Protectors iPhone 6/6s Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 5/5s Screen Protectors Samsung Screen Protectors View All Samsung Screen Protectors Galaxy Note8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8+ Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 edge Screen Protectors Galaxy J7 (2017) Screen Protectors Galaxy J1 (2016) Screen Protectors Smartphone Screen Protectors View All Smartphone Screen Protectors Alcatel Screen Protectors View All Alcatel Screen Protectors A30 Fierce Screen Protectors Essential Screen Protectors View All Essential Screen Protectors Essential Screen Protectors Google Screen Protectors View All Google Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 Screen Protectors Google Pixel Screen Protectors Google Pixel XL Screen Protectors Google Nexus 5X Screen Protectors HTC Screen Protectors View All HTC Screen Protectors HTC 10 Screen Protectors LG Screen Protectors View All LG Screen Protectors LG G6 Screen Protectors LG V20 Screen Protectors LG G5 Screen Protectors LG V10 Screen Protectors Microsoft Screen Protectors View All Microsoft Screen Protectors Microsoft Lumia 650 Screen Protectors Motorola Screen Protectors View All Motorola Screen Protectors Motorola Moto Z2 Force Screen Protectors Motorola Moto Z2 Play Screen Protectors Motorola Moto G4 / G4 Plus Screen Protectors Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Screen Protectors Sony Screen Protectors View All Sony Screen Protectors Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Screen Protector Tablet Screen Protectors View All Tablet Screen Protectors iPad Screen Protectors View All iPad Screen Protectors iPad 9.7 Screen Protectors iPad Pro Screen Protectors iPad Air 2 Screen Protectors iPad Air Screen Protectors iPad mini 4 Screen Protectors iPad mini 1/2/3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Screen Protectors View All Microsoft Surface Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface Pro/Pro 2 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface 3 Screen Protectors Microsoft Surface RT Screen Protectors Samsung Screen Protectors View All Samsung Screen Protectors Galaxy Book 12" Screen Protectors Galaxy Tab S3 Screen Protectors Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Nintendo Switch Screen Protection Moto Mods Accessories Nintendo Switch Accessories Universal Cases & Sleeves View All Universal Cases & Sleeves Universal 8-inch Folios Universal 10-inch Folios Stylus Pens Collections View All Collections Design Series Esquire Series Oh Joy! x Incipio TheMintGardener x Incipio OneCanoeTwo x Incipio Baron Von Fancy x Incipio. $10.00 and above (1). Clear (1). Smoke (1). Thank you for signing up for our education discount!. Check your inbox for your 15% off sitewide coupon!. Here are some essentials we think you’d like!. Free USPS First Class shipping offered to all US addresses - No order minimums!. Sign up for our monthly newsletter and be the first to know about new products and deals!. All orders must be placed by 12PM PST. hanukkah - december 6 (us only). christmas - december 25 (us only). estimated delivery: (order by today). estimated delivery: (order by today). estimated delivery: (order by today). 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5595. 1080 x 1920 pixels 401 ppi. 3000 mAh LiIon Non-removable. MSM8953 3 GB RAM also available with 4 GB. 32 GB raw hardware Expandable via memory card also available with 64 GB. 13+ megapixel f/2.0, dual-tone LED flash panorama, auto HDR , depth editor, code scanner Extra Camera: monochrome/depth Video: 4K UHD slow-motion mode. 8 megapixel f/2.0, LED flash. 6.04 x 3 x 0.31 in. 154 x 76 x 8 mm. Rating: M4, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.7, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.3, HID , PAN , MAP version 4.2. Some versions only not on US model. Card Type: microSD up to 128 GB. up to 6 hours of power in 15 minutes of charging. approved Aug 10, 2017 IHDT56WH2 ». approved Jun 27, 2017 IHDT56WH3 » IHDT56WH4 ». Motorola Moto G5S Plus product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This minor update to the G5 has a larger display and adds a second rear camera for depth effects. Other features are similar, including a metal body, good support for all US 4G networks, fingerprint reader, HD screen, fast charging, and a memory card slot.. This phone is not currently available from any major U.S. It is compatible with some U.S. networks, and may be available from third-party dealers or smaller, regional carriers.. LTE 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 13 / 17 / 25 / 26 / 41 / 66. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5 / 8. CDMA 800 / 850 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. band 8 (VIII) / 900 MHz. 800 MHz / band 27 / BC10. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price in the Philippines and Specification. This 5.5-inch、4G capable device comes with a dual 13 MP rear camera set up as well as 8 MP selfie snapper that is supported by two storage variants: 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM or 4GB RAM + 64GB ROM.. 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Model :32GB 3GB 1 Year Local Supplier Warranty. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Model :32GB 1 Year Local Manufacturer .... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Model :32GB 1 Year Local Supplier Warranty. Insurance is inclusive of ..., Your order will be ... Fast 7 Express in 2-3 ... Model :32GB 4GB 365 DAYS WARRANTY. Php700/1lb for Shipping , 8-13 days for delivery. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price in the Philippines Starts from P13,690. The lowest price of Motorola Moto G5S Plus is P13,690 at Lazada, which is 10% less than the cost of Moto G5S Plus at EXPANSYS (P15,280).. This smartphone is available in 32GB, 64GB storage variants.. The latest price of Motorola Moto G5S Plus was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 10:23.. Video of Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Moto G5s Plus Gaming, Benchmark, Camera and Vs Moto G5 Plus. Official Moto G5s Plus - Launch Event | 29th August. Specs of Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Nano SIM, Single SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. Non removable Li Ion 3000 mAh battery. 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density). , IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 18(800), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500). 13 MP+13 MP f/2.0, autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. WiFi, Hotspot/Tethering, GPS, Bluetooth, Image Stabilization, Flash. , Depth: 8.0mm to 9.5 mm. Reviews of Motorola Moto G5S Plus. User Review : 4 Reviews. REAL High quality at lower price. In terms of spec quality this phone really tops up vs its competitors in this price range.. moto na phone na plus sa performance. G na G na talaga ako na ako ma makabili ng isang ito for me maganda kasi ang design niya lalo pa sa camera two ... Its been 5 months na gamit ko siya and i think ang galing niya from the specs the body of this phone and alam ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Can I choose what kind of RAM And ROM on this Moto phone?. Last updated : Dec 26, 2017. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to Motorola Moto G5S Plus. 5.5 inches, 1280 x 720 pi... 4G (LTE), 3G, 2G, 32GB, 1.... 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 5.0 inches, FWGA (854 x 4... 3G, 4G (LTE), 2G, 16GB, 8.... 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB, 3GB. 5.2 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... Most viewed ranking for Motorola Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones No-Contract Phones & Plans Shop Phones by Operating System Android. Motorola Moto G5S Plus 32GB Unlocked Smartphone, Blush Gold. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on 2 reviews 2 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. Capture professional-looking photos with dual 13 MP rear cameras and built-in enhancement software Beautifully crafted, high-grade aluminum unibody Octa-core processor with 4G speed for enjoying movies and more a 5.5 in full HD display. Tell us if something is incorrect. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Tell us if something is incorrect. Capture professional-looking photos with dual 13 MP rear cameras and built-in enhancement software Beautifully crafted, high-grade aluminum unibody Octa-core processor with 4G speed for enjoying movies and more a 5.5 in full HD display. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Too soon to tell how it will perform. this does not come with a nano Sim card, so it will not function as a phone until one is added. Not knowing this, it took me a lot of internet searching to find one for only 99 cents with Free shipping to use with my Straight Talk plan. (A clerk at Walmart told me I had to purchase a $30 kit,). Hello trytwice,<br /><br />I will be more than glad to provide you that information. The device only uses nano SIM cards. Yes (17) No (6) Report. Best budget phone but pretty large. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Overall quality of the phone is good.The phone itself is pretty big o fit in pocket but other features are good like 2 days battery, dual camera, etc.. Written by a customer while visiting jet.com. Yes (0) No (0) Report. 1-2 of 2 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283036268, DC-prod-dfw8, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto G5S Plus currently has an Informr score of 7.9 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 20. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. This model still represents the sort of middle-of-the-road compromise that will likely resonate with a lot of shoppers.. Okay imaging aside, there's not much wrong with the Moto G5S Plus. Having spent some time with it, we can't say we're thrilled but we're by no means disappointed either. That's the thing - the Moto G5S Plus is a midrange phone and it doesn't need to excite, it just needs to be good enough for the pr.... The Moto G5S Plus is not only the best Moto G phone ever, it’s the best phone under £300 you can buy today. Yes, it is slightly more expensive than the G5 or the Nokia 5, but what you gain in build quality, photography and performance are well worth the extra spend.. The Moto G5S Plus is the most desirable Moto G handset we’ve seen in a long time. It’s certainly an improvement on the original G5 Plus: the larger screen is better for games and videos, and the unibody casing makes it feels much more like a premium smartphone.. - Christian de Looper, Digital Trends. It offers excellent value for money, better performance than others in this price range, and an awesome software experience. Nothing’s perfect – as shown by the camera – but for the price, this is about as good as it gets.. Motorola released the Moto G5S Plus on August 31, 2017.. The Moto G5S Plus price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Motorola Moto G5S Plus prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Moto G5S Plus manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto G5S Plus user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto G5S Plus with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Moto G5S Plus problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto G5S Plus has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 When will the Motorola Moto G5S Plus get Oreo update?. 2 Why does my Motorola Moto G5S Plus not have a visual voicemail?. 1 How to refund or replace the Motorola Moto G5S Plus if mic is not properly working?. 1 Is there an extra zoom camera lens for Motorola Moto G5S Plus?. 2 Does Motorola Moto G5S Plus support OTG?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto G5S Plus's screen size is 5.5 inches with 1920 x 1080 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm 8953 Snapdragon 625 Octa core 2 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.1 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 8+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3000 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1 minutes, 497 minutes Wi-Fi surfing.. Qualcomm 8953 Snapdragon 625 Octa core 2 GHz. Head: 0.42 W/kg Body: 0.99 W/kg. USB Power Adapter, Manual, Data Cable. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.3 x 7.6 x 0.9 cm (6 x 3 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. Capacitive touch screen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Image stabilization, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, Dual camera feature (13 MP 2nd camera, ƒ/2.0), Slow motion recording, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Ultra HD (3840 x 2160 pixels), 30 fps. Panorama, Wide-Angle lens, Front camera flash. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, MP4, M4A, WMA, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto G5S Plus Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto G5S Plus. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 700/2100/800/850 /900/1800/2600/2300 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /850/900/1800/3600/2500 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, EV-DO Rev. US variant with 64 GB of storage comes with 4 GB of RAM.. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto G5S Plus. This model still represents the sort of middle-of-the-road compromise that will likely resonate with a lot of shoppers.. This model still represents the sort of middle-of-the-road compromise that will likely resonate with a lot of shoppers.. The phone has its strengths, and they're in areas that matter. Okay imaging aside, there's not much wrong with the Moto G5S Plus. Having spent some time with it, we can't say we're thrilled but we're by no means disappointed either. That's the thing - the Moto G5S Plus is a midrange phone and it doesn't need to excite, it just needs to be good enough for the price.. Okay imaging aside, there's not much wrong with the Moto G5S Plus. Having spent some time with it, we can't say we're thrilled but we're by no means disappointed either. That's the thing - the Moto G5S Plus is a midrange phone and it doesn't need to excite, it just needs to be good enough for the price.. Improves on all previous generations to make it the best Moto G smartphone ever. The Moto G5S Plus is not only the best Moto G phone ever, it’s the best phone under £300 you can buy today. Yes, it is slightly more expensive than the G5 or the Nokia 5, but what you gain in build quality, photography and performance are well worth the extra spend.. The Moto G5S Plus is not only the best Moto G phone ever, it’s the best phone under £300 you can buy today. Yes, it is slightly more expensive than the G5 or the Nokia 5, but what you gain in build quality, photography and performance are well worth the extra spend.. A lot of phone for a very reasonable price. The Moto G5S Plus is the most desirable Moto G handset we’ve seen in a long time. It’s certainly an improvement on the original G5 Plus: the larger screen is better for games and videos, and the unibody casing makes it feels much more like a premium smartphone.. The Moto G5S Plus is the most desirable Moto G handset we’ve seen in a long time. It’s certainly an improvement on the original G5 Plus: the larger screen is better for games and videos, and the unibody casing makes it feels much more like a premium smartphone.. It offers excellent value for money, better performance than others in this price range, and an awesome software experience. Nothing’s perfect – as shown by the camera – but for the price, this is about as good as it gets.. It offers excellent value for money, better performance than others in this price range, and an awesome software experience. Nothing’s perfect – as shown by the camera – but for the price, this is about as good as it gets.. The Motorola Moto G5S Plus stands out for its robust physical design and good battery life performance, as well as the lowest cost dual lens camera we've seen on a mid-range phone to date. That makes it a very good option for those who want to buy a phone outright.. The Motorola Moto G5S Plus stands out for its robust physical design and good battery life performance, as well as the lowest cost dual lens camera we've seen on a mid-range phone to date. That makes it a very good option for those who want to buy a phone outright.. One of the most affordable Android phones that feels high-end. The Moto G5S Plus comes across as the phone the Moto G5 Plus could, or perhaps should, have been. It gets rid of the plastic parts of the build and brings back a large screen, making it better for Netflix and gaming, and any awkwardness of its predecessor’s redesign has been addressed.. The Moto G5S Plus comes across as the phone the Moto G5 Plus could, or perhaps should, have been. It gets rid of the plastic parts of the build and brings back a large screen, making it better for Netflix and gaming, and any awkwardness of its predecessor’s redesign has been addressed.. Premium design at a budget price. The Moto G5S Plus is better than the G5 Plus in tangible ways — the build quality and the display are better and bigger, respectively — but with a $50 price jump over its predecessor, the G5S Plus probably isn’t the budget king for most people if your main priority is saving a bit of money.. The Moto G5S Plus is better than the G5 Plus in tangible ways — the build quality and the display are better and bigger, respectively — but with a $50 price jump over its predecessor, the G5S Plus probably isn’t the budget king for most people if your main priority is saving a bit of money.. Too much of a good thing. If you do insist on buying the Moto G5S Plus, you do get a few advantages: a bigger screen, a better front-facing camera, a slightly newer version of Android, and the knowledge that you're getting a special edition. If that's enough for you, grab it from Motorola directly.. If you do insist on buying the Moto G5S Plus, you do get a few advantages: a bigger screen, a better front-facing camera, a slightly newer version of Android, and the knowledge that you're getting a special edition. If that's enough for you, grab it from Motorola directly.. Dual-rear camera is far from perfect. Motorola’s Moto G5S Plus joins the growing list of mid-range, budget phones trying to offer dual-rear cameras. The design and display might not have changed, but there are two cameras at the back for those who want portrait style shots. As a general package, Moto G5S Plus has positives like a smooth performance, long battery life.. Motorola’s Moto G5S Plus joins the growing list of mid-range, budget phones trying to offer dual-rear cameras. The design and display might not have changed, but there are two cameras at the back for those who want portrait style shots. As a general package, Moto G5S Plus has positives like a smooth performance, long battery life.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Motorola Moto G5s Plus hands on. Versus : Xiaomi MiA1 Vs Motorola Moto G5s Plus. Vivo v7 plus vs Motorola Moto g5s plus is it worth buying vivo v7 plus over moto? A quick comparison. Motorola Moto G5S Plus VS Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Camera test. Motorola Moto G5S Plus VS Nokia 6 Camera comparison test. Motorola Moto G5S Plus - LED NOTIFICATION LIGHT. motorola moto g5s plus vs iphone 7 plus camera comparison review, macro, lowlight, Portrait. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Specifications, Price, Release Date, Features, Review with 3GB RAM!. Coolpad Cool Play 6 VS Motorola Moto G5S Plus Camera Comparison. Motorola Moto G5S Plus VS Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Camera test. Motorola Moto G5S Plus VS Micromax Canvas Infinity Camera test. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Motorola Moto G5S Plus (32GB, blush gold). Motorola Moto G5S Plus (64GB, lunar gray). Motorola Moto G5S Plus (32 GB, lunar gray). Motorola Moto G5S Plus (64GB, blush gold). Speakerphone, voice control, call timer, conference call, flight mode, voice dialing, vibrating alert. Accelerometer, ambient light sensor, proximity sensor, gyro sensor. Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, audio player, voice recorder, navigation. CDMA2000 1X / GSM / WCDMA (UMTS). WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM 850/900/1800/1900 / CDMA2000 1X 1900/850+/800. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 (scratch resistant glass). microSDXC - up to 128 GB. Motorola Moto G5S Plus (32GB, blush gold). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: Dual rear cameras are here, but do they. Motorola Moto G5S Plus is one of the newer additions with dual-rear cameras as the highlight. Here's our review of the phone.. Technology Tech Reviews Motorola Moto G5S Plus review: Dual rear cameras are here, but do they. Rating: 3.5 out of 5. Moto G5S Plus smartphone review: Here’s how the dual rear cameras perform. Moto G5S Plus follows a similar design like other Moto G phones. Moto G5S Plus has 13MP + 13MP camera on the back. Moto G5S Plus battery usage and Antutu benchmark score. Sample shot from Moto G5s Plus. Sample shot from Moto G5s Plus. Sample shot from Moto G5s Plus. Sample shot from Moto G5s Plus. Updated: October 11, 2017 2:16 pm. Motorola ’s Moto G series has been one of the most successful versions of the company in India, even though it didn’t change the design drastically till the Moto G5. Moto G was the de facto mid-range smartphone for many in India, but in the last two years there has been growing competition from other players, especially Xiaomi and its Redmi phones.. The 2017 Moto G5 series sees a complete design overhaul. The phones now have a metal unibody design, and lot more SKUs. Moto G5S Plus is one of the newer additions with dual-rear cameras as the highlight. So how does the phone fare in terms of daily performance and are those cameras worth the extra price being charged? Here is our review.. Moto G5S Plus specifications: 5.5 Inch full HD resolution display (1080 x 1920 pixels) at 401 ppi | Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 octa-core processor at 2.0 Ghz | 4GB RAM + 64GB storage (expandable) | 13MP+ 13MP rear camera (RGB and Monochrome sensor) + 8MP front camera | Android Nougat 7.1| 3000 mAh battery |. Moto G5S Plus price in India: Rs 16,999 for 4GB RAM. Moto G5S Plus Design, Display review. Yes, this will remind you of the Moto G5 Plus , except there’s a huge dual-rear camera at the back. The Moto G5S Plus is bulky phone, and the camera bump really stands out on this one. On the front, Motorola sticks with all glass and pill-shaped home button. This mobile has a metal unibody design that’s become common across the board.. The fingerprint scanner is embedded in the front button as well and this was accurate most of the times I used it. Moto has also added on-screen home buttons, which come alive when you are using the phone. Frankly, this seems like a waste of space on the Moto G5S Plus’ 5.5-inch full HD resolution display.. Moto G5S Plus is on the heavier side. The gold colour version we got for review is something I didn’t mind, but it is not a colour that everyone will approve. For some users, this might appear on a tad too bling.. Moto G5S Plus sticks with the same 5.5-inch full HD resolution display that we have seen on the Moto series for sometime. At times I felt the display could have been brighter, considering a user is paying extra for this phone compared to the regular G5. Viewing videos, etc on the display is a good experience with decent viewing angles, but there’s no exceptional here on offer. This is in line with what the competition is offering.. The highlight of the Moto G series has been the stock Android, though this is no longer a differentiating factor. Lenovo phones now sport a stock Android experience as well, while rival Xiaomi’s Mi A1 sports both dual rear cameras and stock Android. Still the lack of bloatware on the Moto G5S Plus will always remains one of its highlights.. On the performance front, Moto G5S Plus gives very little cause for complaint. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and 4GB RAM version we got is more than capable of handling gaming, multi-tasking, etc. There was no noticeable lag while playing games like Asphalt 8 or any extreme heating either. The mobile phone should satisfy most users with its day-to-day performance.. In the benchmarks it scores around 63,000 plus in Antutu benchmark, which is in line with other phones running a similar processor. I tried running the PCMark battery test on this, but it kept crashing for some reason so I eventually had to give up that idea.. Turbo Charging is one feature that Moto G phones have sported since the time of Moto G3 Turbo Edition and this is one major plus. The fast charging will appeal to those users who aren’t so meticulous about charging their phones over night. On the battery front, at one point I got 8 hours of screen on time with this Moto G5S Plus which is impressive. For daily usage, the phone would last 12 hours plus with moderate to heavy usage, which is in line with most mobiles in this price.. Moto G5S Plus: Dual rear cameras. Come to the USP of this phone, the dual rear cameras fail to live up the claim. The review unit I had was running a beta software, and while an update was issued for the camera, it failed to improve the problem of the dual-rear cameras.. The ‘Depth Mode’ as Motorola has named the ‘bokeh’ mode in this camera is just not fast enough when it comes to processing and saving the image. One is never sure if the image taken will be clear or not. At times, the soft haze extends to the actual object/person, which is never a good sign.. Some pictures turned out nice, especially portraits take were in office. But again, the depth effect was not so sharp in some cases and I feel these could have been brighter. Overall, in this mode the camera does struggle with smaller objects. In low-lighting the dual-rear camera is just not impressive and that’s an issue on most devices sporting two sensors. I’m hoping Motorola will fix the problems with a software update.. The rear camera in general is not bad in bright lighting conditions and it is possible to get some nice, detailed shots on this. However, the colour reproduction with reds, pinks does struggle and this is something I’ve not seen on previous Motorola phones. Also the auto-focus is sluggish and you need that extra second or two for taking the perfect picture, which is not the ideal in this price range.. Motorola’s Moto G5S Plus joins the growing list of mid-range, budget phones trying to offer dual-rear cameras. The design and display might not have changed, but there are two cameras at the back for those who want portrait style shots. As a general package, Moto G5S Plus has positives like a smooth performance, long battery life. But the USP which is the dual-rear camera is far from perfect. For now, I would say Moto G5S Plus is another option to add to this list and needs to offer more on this front to really stand out.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Oct 11, 2017 at 11:21 am. "The fingerprint scanner is embedded in the front button as well and this was accurate most of the times I used it. Moto has also added on-screen home buttons, which come alive when you are using the phone. Frankly, this seems like a waste of space on the Moto G5S Plus’ 5.5-inch full HD resolution display.". You can turn off the onscreen navigation and use the fingerprint sensor for navigating, which is very fast and smooth and also gives full view space. Also, the battery lasts much more than what you mentioned. I've been using it for more than a month now. Oct 11, 2017 at 12:00 pm. I just did it in my phone. Oct 11, 2017 at 12:21 pm. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online 4 Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, Police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Goofball to seductress: The many shades of Sridevi Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them Trending Video of a man jumping from the top of 24-storey building and MIRACULOUSLY surviving has gone viral. Is Bengaluru about to run dry? LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka Cities Six teens with earphones run over by train in Uttar Pradesh's Hapur, one critically injured AAP-Chief Secy Standoff: Split wide open Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s to feature Snapdragon 845 SoC, launch set for March 27. This video of two Pakistani anchors ‘fighting in a newsroom’ has gone. viral China pushes back against criticism of plan for President Xi Jinping to stay in. power Indian-origin woman allegedly linked to ISIS arrested for abducting a British. couple South Korea’s final Winter Olympic challenge: keep the lights. on Here’s why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is. Rupee jumps 10 paise to 65.18 against. Rahul Gandhi’s Gujarat visit highlights: ‘Amit Shah only Gujarati businessman who can convert Rs 50,000 into Rs 80. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and. FAQs Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ launched: Price, specifications and. features MWC 2018: Samsung to Nokia, which smartphones will dazzle in. Shruti Dhapola Looking at technology and web culture.... Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto G5s Plus - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Cellet 9FT. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Super fast recharge for your Device. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Fully charges your Device in just a few short hours. Plugs into any vehicle cigarette lighter socket or 12 volt power port. Enjoy full functionality of your Device while it charges. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Blue. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -AA Battery Powered Emergency 0.5 Amp USB Charger, Black. Emergency Cell Phone Charger w/Built-in LED Flashlight. Easy to operate - requires one AA battery (not included). Convenient push button activates bright LED flashlight. Includes 3 charging adapters (LG, Mini USB and Device). Motorola Moto G5s Plus -OEM 1.8 Amp Micro USB Charger (MCS-04WD). Compatible w/devices featuring a Micro USB charging port. Motorola Moto G5s Plus -OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Original Device Micro USB Travel/Wall Charger. Pugs into any standard wall outlet. Compact, durable design ideal for travel. Detachable USB to Micro USB cable. Sync and transfer files between your computer and smartphone. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola adds dual rear cameras to our favorite budget phone. The Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus are special edition versions of the popular Moto G5 and G5 Plus with better cameras and a larger displays.. by August 8, 2017 11:00 AM PDT. The Moto G5S Plus, Moto G5S, Moto G5 Plus and Moto G5 (UK models) compared. An view of the lens elements that make up the dual rear cameras on the Moto G5S Plus.. 2017 is turning out to be a great year for budget phones , especially those made by Motorola. On Tuesday, the company announced that it was releasing special editions of the G5 and G5 Plus called the G5S and G5S Plus.. The G5S Plus gets a larger 5.5-inch display (up from 5.2 inches), a new 8-megapixel selfie camera and two 13-megapixel rear cameras. Dual rear cameras pits the G5S Plus against the likes of the. The G5S gets a larger 5.2-inch display (up from 5 inches), a 3,000mAh battery (instead of. 2,800mAh) and a 16-megapixel rear camera.. Both phones will be available later in August in the UK and Europe and will be coming to the US this fall. The Moto G5S starts at €249, which converts to $295, £225 and AU$370 and the G5S Plus will cost €200, which converts to $350, £265 and AU$445.. Motorola Moto G5S Plus (32GB, blush gold). Motorola Moto G5S Plus (64GB, lunar gray). Motorola Moto G5S Plus (32 GB, lunar gray). Motorola Moto G5S Plus (64GB, blush gold). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Mobile Internet Blog About Help Follow (124,000+) Sign Up / Sign In. Support 1-855-846-4389 Sales 1-855-999-7266 Chat Chat Ticket Email mobile Service status mobile Knowledgebase mobile Forums. Support 1-844-846-4994 Sales 1-855-846-4626 Chat Chat Ticket Email internet Service status internet Knowledgebase internet Forums. Twitter 28.9k+ Facebook 67.6k+ Youtube 19.4k+ Reddit 2.8k+ Google+ 3.0k+ Instagram 2.6k+ RSS. Rates Coverage Shop Check Your Phone Activate. Mobile Internet Rates Coverage Shop Check Your Phone Activate mobile Help internet Help Blog About Sign Up / Sign In. Back Current Usage Usage Alerts Device Settings Billing History Refer Your Friends Account Activity Account Settings Sign Out. Back 1-855-846-4389 Chat Submit a Request Service status Knowledgebase Forums. Back 1-844-846-4994 Chat Submit a Request Service status Knowledgebase Forums. Back Charlottesville, VA Westminster, MD Holly Springs, NC Sandpoint, ID Centennial, CO. Ting Shop Moto G5S Plus. Out of stock SIM card included. Out of stock SIM card included. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. You can buy and bring a device from any one of a wide variety of retailers online. The page you'll land on will be for a device that's compatible with Ting, technologically speaking. Any purchase you make will be subject to the retailer's own unique terms, conditions, return and warranty policies, etc.. Overview Specs Warranty FAQ Warranty Battery: $20.00 Charger: $10.00 USB Cable: $3.00 SD Card: $5.00 Manual: $3.00 Other parts: at our discretion. What will I pay with Ting? Unlike typical mobile plans, what you pay adjusts up or down based on what you use. Customers routinely report 40-60% savings as compared with their previous cell phone service.. Can I bring my current phone? Absolutely. Use our handy Bring Your Own Phone checker to see if your current phone can come to Ting.. Can I bring my current phone number? Yes, the majority of phone numbers can make the switch to Ting.. All new devices purchased from Ting come with a one-year manufacturer warranty from original date of sale. All refurbished devices purchased from Ting come with a 30-day warranty from original date of sale. Devices brought to Ting through the 'Bring Your Own Device' program are not covered by any warranty.. If your device is defective, please drop us a line at help@ting.com or give us a call at 1-855-846-4389 to see if it's eligible for a warranty replacement. If eligible, we'll replace the defective device with a new or refurbished device of the same or comparable model at our discretion.. Our conditions for a warranty claim are as follows:. Your warranty only covers defects in materials or workmanship. It does not cover defects arising from damage or normal wear-and-tear or aging.. The warranty covers issues such as: software-related issues, activation problems, camera defects, unresponsive keys, dead pixels, etc.. The warranty does not cover issues like: diminishing battery life, scratches, accidental damages, coverage issues, or software incompatibility/problems with 3rd-party apps.. Attempting to 'root' or otherwise 'mod' your phone will void its warranty.. Visible physical damage to your phone (e.g. liquid damage, cracked LCD, damaged housing) will void its warranty.. You must return the defective device back to us using the prepaid shipping label we give you.. Your defective device must be received at our warehouse within 21 days of when the replacement is shipped (don't worry - we'll remind you).. If the original isn't received within 21 days, we'll assume you wanted to keep both devices and will charge you for the replacement and express shipping fees, if applicable.. You must return all accessories (charger, cables, manual, etc.) with the defective device.. If components are missing, we will charge a nonrefundable missing parts fee as outlined here:. Your defective device must be returned in good condition.. If the device is determined to have some type of damage that voids its warranty (e.g. liquid damage, 'modded' OS, etc.), we may charge a nonrefundable damage fee at our discretion.. Depending on the extent of the damage, this fee may be up to the full retail price of the device.. You will not receive the damaged device back - we will dispose of it on your behalf.. Our warranties expressly exclude certain categories of damages and uses of your phone. These exclusions, which we do not cover, include possible costs or damages for which you will not be reimbursed. The limits of what we provide above relate to the device itself. We are not responsible for lost data or the time that you were without a device. We encourage you to back up your data regularly, as no one else will take responsibility for the restoration of any lost data. We are not responsible for any consequential damages, from the loss of your device, the loss of your data, or the time you were without your device.. We do not warrant any device for merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Some jurisdictions require us to list our exclusions in VERY LARGE LETTERING, just so you know that this is really important stuff. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WARRANTY AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TING IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONDITION, OR UNDER ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE; LOSS OF REVENUE; LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS ON CONTRACTS); LOSS OF THE USE OF MONEY; LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS; LOSS OF BUSINESS; LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; LOSS OF GOODWILL; LOSS OF REPUTATION; LOSS OF, DAMAGE TO OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; OR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE HOWSOEVER CAUSED INCLUDING THE REPLACEMENT OF EQUIPMENT AND PROPERTY, ANY COSTS OF RECOVERING, PROGRAMMING, OR REPRODUCING ANY PROGRAM OR DATA STORED OR USED WITH APPLE PRODUCTS AND ANY FAILURE TO MAINTAIN THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF DATA STORED ON THE PRODUCT. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CLAIMS, OR ANY STATUTORY LIABILITY FOR INTENTIONAL AND GROSS NEGLIGENT ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.. We do not manufacture our Devices. The only warranties applicable to our Devices are those extended by the manufacturers. We have no liability, therefore, in connection with Devices or for manufacturers' acts or omissions.. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR ANY SOFTWARE USED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, PERFORMANCE OR ACCURACY. We expressly disclaim any and all implied warranties. WE DO NOT PROMISE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED SERVICE AND DO NOT AUTHORIZE ANYONE TO MAKE WARRANTIES ON OUR BEHALF.. Design Dimensions Weight. Display Screen Resolution. 5.5" HD IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. Hardware Processor Storage. 2.0 GHz Octa-Core QUALCOMM Snapdragon 625. 32 GB built-in storage (up to an additional 128 GB with microSD) 3 GB RAM. Camera Front Rear. Technology Data Frequency. 4G LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26, 38, 41, and 66). CDMA 800/1900 GSM 1900 + 1700/2100. The Moto G5S Plus looks great and feels great. It's got a quality camera and boasts great performance. What's more, it's offered up a price that can only fairly be called.. now what's the word we're looking for here? Right. How do you define a flagship phone? Is it about performance? Design? Camera? Attention to detail across the board? If it weren't for the sub-$300 price tag, the Moto G5S Plus could qualify.. Killer 13 megapixel dual rear camera with an 8 megapixel selfie shooter? - Check!. Android 7.1, Nougat with an Android 8.0 Oreo update coming soon? Check!. The Moto G5S Plus is available from Ting, unlocked and ready to roll in Lunar Gray (alas, we don't have the Blush Gold variant as yet). If you're looking for a slight step up from its younger brother, the Moto G5 Plus , the G5S Plus is your best bet.. Features TurboPower Expandable storage Display. TurboPower charging for up to six hours of power in 15 minutes of charging.. Add up to 128 GB of extra storage with a MicroSD card.. Get your hands on a 5.5-inch 401 ppi screen, protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. © Ting 2018 Site Map Terms of Service Privacy Policy Shipping and Returns Help. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.04 x 3.00 x 0.37 inches (153.5 x 76.2 x 9.5 mm). Weight 5.93 oz (168 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Dual-camera (13-megapixel, F2.0 aperture), Autofocus. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26. Data LTE-A Cat 7 (300/100 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: IHDT56WH1 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp. FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour. >> Free Shipping on most orders over $49. Specials & Rebates See All Specials >. 1 of Deals Today. Enjoy Extended Returns thru Feb 1, 2018!. You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017.. All other standard return policy. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. G5S Plus XT1806 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Blush Gold). G5S Plus XT1806 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Blush Gold). Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Place your order by 4pm and your order will ship the same day. For further details see delivery estimates in cart. International orders are processed the next shipping day.. GSM + CDMA / 4G LTE Capable. Compatible with All Major US Carriers. Dual 13MP Rear Cameras + 8MP Front. 2.0 GHz Snapdragon 625 Octa-Core CPU. 32GB Storage Capacity + 3GB RAM. FHD 1920 x 1080 Native Resolution. This device is Carrier-unlocked and can be used on GSM and CDMA networks. It will work on any GSM carrier that utilizes cellular frequencies or bands that this device supports. It is also compatible with select CDMA carriers. However, activation may not be supported on all compatible CDMA networks. If you plan to use a CDMA carrier, please confirm that this device can be activated on their network prior to purchase. A SIM card and service plan must be purchased separately. This device's frequencies can be found in the product Specifications under Cellular Network. Your carrier's available frequencies may be found in the links below. North American Carriers South American Carriers Worldwide Carriers. $0.00 Tax Collected Outside NY and NJ. B&H only collects sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in the States of New York and New Jersey. You may be responsible for state and local sales/use taxes when filing your tax returns. Please check your local sales tax laws.. Why Buy an Unlocked Phone: A Primer. Experience the next generation of dynamic handheld performance with the unlocked Moto G5S Plus XT1806 32GB Smartphone in Blush Gold. The G5S Plus features a metal body and is powered by a 2.0 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and 3GB of RAM. It comes equipped with 32GB of storage and includes a microSD slot for additional storage. The integrated micro-USB interface allows you to connect the device for mass-storage purposes and also serves as a charging port. The Moto G5S Plus is equipped with a 5.5" IPS LCD display with 1920 x 1080 Full HD resolution. For your photo and video needs, the G5S Plus features two 13MP f/2.0 rear-facing cameras for 4K video capture and more. In low-light conditions, color balancing dual-LED flash and auto HDR improve camera performance. A front-facing 8MP wide-angle lens, also with an f/2.0 aperture and LED flash, is built-in as well. The Moto G5S Plus is well-equipped for wireless communication. It features Bluetooth 4.2 technology for pairing with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, and 802.11a/b/g/n Wi-Fi for high-speed Internet connectivity. GPS with GLONASS is also on-board for using compatible location services and applications. The Moto G5S Plus's 3000mAh battery is designed to provide "All Day" mixed usage on a full charge, and thanks to TurboPower technology, it can provide up to six hours of power from only 15 minutes of charging using the included charger. Note: The XT1806 is the North American variant of the G5S Plus. It will run on any GSM network that uses cell frequencies supported by the device, including AT&T and T-Mobile. It will also work with certain CDMA carriers, such as Verizon and Sprint. Current Verizon SIM cards can be transferred to the new device, though the carrier may limit the purchase of new SIM cards for unlocked phones. Since this device is unlocked, functionality for certain carrier-specific features cannot be guaranteed. Please confirm with your carrier that it supports the XT1806 Moto G5S Plus before purchasing.. GSM + CDMA / 4G LTE Wireless Connectivity. This phone is designed to work on select GSM and CDMA networks and is 4G LTE capable. LTE is an advanced cellular network data protocol capable of data speeds so fast that they compete with wired broadband Internet providers. With an LTE connection, this phone should have no problem streaming HD video, downloading apps, uploading photos, or anything else that requires a high-speed data connection. The phone is also backwards compatible with 3G and 2G data for instances when you can't get LTE. In addition to cellular wireless, this phone also features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity.. North American Variant / US Compatible LTE. The XT1806 is a US variant of the Moto G5S Plus. The XT1806's LTE radio is tuned to frequencies that are most often used in the United States and North America. It can also be used in other parts of the world; however, LTE access may be limited or unsupported, depending on the network. To ensure this phone will work with your carrier please check to make sure the frequencies your carrier uses are supported by this phone. The full list of compatible carrier frequencies can be found here , the frequencies this phone supports can be found in the product specs.. The Android operating system integrates heavily with Google's services. Using the card-based Google Now, Android quickly surfaces information for you whenever you need it, powered by the same Knowledge Engine that runs Google's web search. It's a personalized and customizable OS, allowing you to add your favorite apps or widgets to your homescreen. You can even download new themes using the Google Play Store, which offers access to more than one million apps, games, books, music, movies, and more. Android 7.1 Nougat adds major productivity capabilities to the operating system in the form of a multi-window view, which allows for two apps to be placed onscreen at a time. An improved notification system allows you to interact with texts and emails right from your notification pane - without needing to open the app. Other features include file-based encryption, a Data Saver mode, the ability to scale text and icons to better suit your phone's screen, and more.. Moto G5S Plus XT1806 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Blush Gold). The Camera Phone is 20 Years Old!. What Smartphones Should I Consider If I Care About Security?. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26, 38, 41, 66. MP / Video: 3840 x 2160p. MP / Video: 3840 x 2160p. Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Fingerprint, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor. Dimensions (W x H x D). G5S Plus XT1806 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Blush Gold) Reviews - page 2 cuzbvxyzerydrwazytwwfccebyrswvaa. G5S Plus XT1806 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Blush Gold) is rated. Rated 5 out of. I have recommended this phone to others already!. Maybe this is because my other phone was so outdated, but I really have taken to this phone. It has a ton more storage space. The picture is bright and crisp. Photos look amazing and camera is easy to use. The only problem is it is a bigger phone so need to remember bigger pockets. I just bought a protected cover and screen glass to bright and shiny longer! It takes some time to figure out the uses. I'm not too interested in tech. I want a phone to make calls, take pictures, give me directions while driving and text. Web searching is a bonus, not a must for me. So I'm back to Moto after HTC and I'm happy again.. Rated 4 out of. pretty good for a budget phone. I am happy with the build and performance of this phone, so far. The Moto G line is good for people who don't need all the fancy features, but still want a good phone that will last and get things done. This phone physically feels much more high quality than the moto g3 (all metal back rather than a flimsy plastic backing).. My only complaint is that it's rather large (I could handle the g3 easily with one hand, this sometimes feels like a stretch). Also, the metal casing which gives it its sturdiness makes the phone slippery as a stick of butter. Should probably get a skin for this before I drop it on the concrete.. Rated 5 out of. Great phone with a numerous features. Be warned, the phone will need a case. The camera bezel on the back has quite the edge, and will scratch the dash of a car, or a wood table - I know from experience. Plan on getting a case, which will provide a lip to the bezel. This is being run alongside a 16 month old Moto X Pure edition, and beats it in almost every category. Sound is not as good on the G5s+, and the camera does not seem to get the same quality, but everything else is far better. We are considering getting another one as a replacement for an older phone.. Rated 5 out of. This is an excellent budget phone for a student. Makes everything I need and also the battery is great. I had like 7+ screen time. Like 23 hours without charging it, with 4G and taking a lot of pictures the night before (party night).. I applied a tempered glass to this cell phone and a Spigen cover. I nagged it with the offers from holiday. Couldn't be happier with this and also the customer service was perfect with all my inquiries. Thanks for being a great store until now. Thanks God I found this store. Rated 5 out of. Great value for premium Android feel & performance. This was my first order from BH for shipping to Canada. Chose the free shipping over $99 offer to Canada and received it with zero issues by UPS in 3 business days. Paying the duties/taxes upfront to BH is definitely the way to go for no hassles to Canada. The 5GS Plus with the $50 IR was a stellar value for an all metal uni-body design. Much improved over the earlier Moto models. The clean Android 7.1.1 is great and the phone performs well (3GB/32GB model). Phone came unlocked as indicated and my Canadian nano-sim worked without issue.. Rated 4 out of. Great phone for a Great Price. I love this Moto G5S Plus. I thought the camera would take amazing photo's but instead, it takes great photos. The only real issue I have with the phone is minor and I am wondering if it's a setting issue but there doesn't seem to be a notification system when you have a voicemail, missed a�call, text message, Pinterest notification, etc. My old phone would have a red circle and a number in the corner of the app which I wish was a feature on this phone. Other than that, it's a great phone that charges fast, user-friendly, and takes great photos.. Rated 5 out of. The phone does everything well including the fingerprint reader. had it for 2 weeks no crashing or locking up. This one seems to have slightly better reception. Value for the price & performance is great. You will have to order a case from somewhere as nobody stocks them for this phone. Also, be sure the case is for a G5 S Plus or it won't work.. Rated 4 out of. With the camera out of the equation, it is a great mid range phone. With 3 gigs of RAM, 32 gigs of storage and a fast processor, it functions beautifully. It is supposed to be the upgraded camera version of the 5G. The pictures it takes are pretty bad for a 13 MP dual camera phone. The pics are way too noisy.. Be the first to review this item. See any errors on this page?. Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.. Shipping Free Expedited Shipping for most orders over $49. Returns Shop With Confidence Easy 30-Day Return Policy. Gift Cards The Gift that Never Expires. Event Space Expert B&H Events and Presentations. Browse our Winter 2018 Interactive Catalog. Sign up for B&H news and special offers. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. The email address you entered was an invalid email.. Speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more.. Enjoy the B&H mobile shopping experience. Norton Secured - Powered by Symantec. © 2000-2018 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 420 9th Ave, New York, NY 10001 cuzbvxyzerydrwazytwwfccebyrswvaa. We close every Friday evening to Saturday evening for Shabbos.. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms NYC DCA Lic.: Elec. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S Review. Ketan Pratap , 15 September 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Moto G5S Plus (on the left) and Moto G5S. The Moto G5S Plus has been launched at Rs. The Moto G5S is priced at Rs. Both phones fare well in terms of overall performance. Lenovo's Moto G series has long stood for great value, and has seen tremendous sales in the Indian market. Since 2014, 7 million Moto G units have been sold in India alone. The fifth-generation Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus were launched here just a few months ago, and while they may still be available, Lenovo has decided to introduce refreshed special editions of both phones.. The new Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus were launched in India late last month. Both promise new features and upgrades that will help Moto stay competitive. The company has been on a launch spree this calendar year, bringing new Moto E , Moto C , and Moto Z devices to the Indian market, plus the Moto X4 internationally. The reason for the rapid refresh of the G series, according to Lenovo, is that the Rs. 15,000 and above segment is seeing a steady rise in demand, and there has been a change in consumer spending. Will this strategy work this time around for Lenovo? Let's try to find out.. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S design For Lenovo, Moto G devices are more about providing value for money rather than promising top-notch specifications at dirt cheap prices. In terms of design, these models have been functional but not always the most attractive. The fifth-generation Moto G models finally introduced metal rear panels, and now the special editions take this to the next level.. The Moto G5S and G5S Plus have all-metal bodies with a nice finish, which is a huge improvement from the polycarbonate used on the previous models. The Moto G5S Plus in particular now feels quite premium.. Recent Moto devices have all had a similar design language which isn't a bad thing. It has become easy to recognise Moto-branded devices in a crowd. Both new phones have fingerprint readers at the front which work flawlessly. Both have almost identical front panels with similar placement for the front cameras, flashes sensors, and earpieces.. There's an old-style Micro-USB port on the bottom of each phone, along with a speaker grille and microphone. The rear panels have raised circular bumps for the cameras and flashes, and the iconic batwing Moto logo. The antenna bands are still pretty visible. Overall, the Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus look refreshingly good compared to their predecessors. Both phones also boast of a water-repellent nano-coating for protection against accidental splashes.. Compared to the Moto G5 Plus ( Review ), the Moto G5S Plus is slightly wider and isn't very easy to use with one hand because of its large chin. At 168 grams, the weight is manageable. The Moto G5S, on the other hand, feels more ergonomic and is better suited to one-handed usage. At 157 grams, it feels light for a metal-bodied phone.. The 5.5-inch full-HD screen on the Moto G5S Plus appears bright, and both text and images appear crisp. The colours really pop on this screen, and we had no real issues with it. Viewing angles and brightness seemed good too.. The 5.2-inch full-HD screen on the Moto G5S was good enough for daily use with decent brightness, but we found it too reflective for our liking. Under direct sunlight, we found ourselves struggling without pushing the brightness all the way up. It has good viewing angles but we found outdoor use a little difficult.. Both phones ship in playful green retail boxes with "special edition" printed on the front, confirming that these are upgraded versions of the fifth-generation Moto G phones. You can find a Turbo Power charging adaptor, Micro-USB cable, SIM ejector tool and headset in each box.. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S specifications and software The Moto G5S Plus features a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixel) IPS LCD display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. It is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 octa-core SoC clocked at up to 2GHz, coupled with 4GB of RAM.. One of the most marketed features of the Moto G5S Plus is its dual rear cameras. There are two 13-megapixel sensors with f/2.0 apertures and a colour-correcting dual-LED flash. At the front, it sports an 8-megapixel sensor with an f/2.0 aperture, wide-angle lens, and an LED flash.. The Moto G5S Plus has 64GB of storage which is expandable using a microSD card (up to 128GB). This is a hybrid dual-SIM phone with two Nano-SIM slots, one of which is a shared microSD slot. Connectivity options on the smartphone include 4G, Wi-Fi n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. The smartphone is backed by a 3000mAh battery, and the TurboPower charger can provide up to 6 hours of battery life with a 15-minute charge. It weighs 168 grams and measures 153.5x76.2x8mm.. Coming to the smaller sibling, the Moto G5S features a 5.2-inch full-HD display, also with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. The Moto G5S is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 octa-core SoC clocked up to 1.4GHz, coupled with 4GB of RAM. Much like the Moto G5S Plus, the company is marketing the camera capabilities of the Moto G5S as well though there's only single camera. It sports a 16-megapixel sensor with PDAF, an f/2.0 aperture, and LED flash. On the front, there's a 5-megapixel sensor with an f/2.0 aperture, wide-angle lens, and an LED flash. The Moto G5S has 32GB of storage which is expandable using a microSD card (up to 128GB). Connectivity options on the smartphone include 4G with VoLTE, Wi-Fi n (dual-band 2.4GHz and 5GHz), Bluetooth v4.2, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. The smartphone runs on a 3000mAh battery and has the same TurboPower charger. It weighs 157 grams and measures 150x73.5x8.2mm.. Both, the Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus, run on Android 7.1 Nougat out-of-the-box which isn't the latest available version for Android devices. Similar to other Moto devices, the Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus have software enhancements from Motorola.. There are Android 7.1 goodies like the ability to perform quick actions by long-pressing the icons of supported apps. Both phones offer a near-stock Android experience with some very minor tweaks from Motorola such as Moto Actions and Moto Display. Under Moto Actions, you can activate One-Button Nav which allows you to navigate using only the fingerprint sensor. A double-chop motion can activate the flashlight, and you can twist your wrist to launch the camera app. You can also swipe down from the centre to the bottom left or right corner to shrink the display area on the screen, which makes one-handed use easier. Under Moto Display, users get a Night Display mode which reduces blue light, and makes notifications fade in and out while the device is in standby.. Moto devices are generally some of the first non-Google ones to receive new Android security updates, so you should be covered for the foreseeable future in terms of software. There is also barely any bloatware on the Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus.. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S cameras The Indian market is filling up with dual-camera smartphones, and the Moto G5S Plus is the latest to join the club. It perfoms well enough, though it did take some effort to get shots right. Unlike the Xiaomi Mi A1, the dual cameras on the Moto G5S Plus took some used to getting to. You can refine shots with post processing but it still requires some effort. Depth shots in good light appear to have nicely blurred backgrounds, but the edges of the foreground subjects aren't always defined well. On the other hand, the Moto G5S Plus seems more capable when it comes to low-light photography. We were able to capture some decent depth shots in low light with good amounts of detail and well-controlled noise.. Tap to see full-sized Moto G5S Plus camera samples. Regular shots in good light have natural colours and textures. Landscapes are exposed well and colours are accurate. The HDR mode does a good job of maintaining highlight details in shots that have uniform lighting, but we did notice overexposure at times in shots with differently lit areas.. We believe that the Moto G5S Plus does better in low light than most of its current competition. Some low-light shots were a little under-exposed, but were still were far from the worst we've seen.. Tap to see full-sized Moto G5S camera samples. The Moto G5S offers phase detection autofocus (PDAF), and locks focus quickly. Details are preserved well in outdoor shots, though highlights can get overexposed with this phone too. The Moto G5S does a great job with macro shots and we were able to get some highly detailed close-up shots, some even better than what the Moto G5S Plus could deliver. Landscapes are passable with details suffering. The Moto G5S isn't as impressive when it comes to indoor shots either, and we could see details lacking in dark spots. In low light, the Moto G5S suffers badly and there was noise in many of our samples.. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S performance The Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus are good for most jobs and we were barely left wanting for more power under the hood. The Moto G5S Plus does well in graphics-heavy games and handles multitasking with ease. We had a great time with the device as it has a better screen compared to its smaller sibling. The 5.5-inch display is good for watching videos and playing games on. However, faced heating issues with this phone. Even with just the camera app left running for a while, we found the phone getting quite warm. This is surprising considering that many other devices including Xiaomi Mi A1 and Mi Max 2 ( Review ) use the same processor and don't get as warm in use.. The Moto G5S Plus's speaker is loud enough for a small room though the sound distorts at maximum volume. The headset shipping with the Moto G5S Plus is average, and don't expect them to impress you a lot. We were also surprised to see this phone missing out on VoLTE (voice over LTE) support at the time of writing this review. We were able to make calls using a Reliance Jio SIM only after installing the Jio4Voice app that allows VoLTE calls.. The Moto G5S is slightly better when it comes to managing heat. It does get warm, but only after a very long session of gaming or watching videos. The phone handles everyday tasks smoothly, and doesn't feel like a slouch. It does support 4G with VoLTE, and call quality was decent. In terms of multimedia, the Moto G5S feels slightly inadequate because of its reflective screen. We had to adjust the brightness a few times to get comfortable. The loudspeaker has amazing clarity and is also loud. Unfortunately, the bundled headset is below par in quality.. During our review, we also noticed that both the Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus got warm while being charged - something we don't see with every device.. The Moto G5S Plus managed 64,639 in AnTuTu, 20,899 in Quadrant, and 21fps in GFXBench's T-Rex test. The Moto G5S, on the other hand, managed 30,450 in AnTuTu, 18,450 overall in Quadrant, and 16fps in GFXBench.. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S battery life The Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus both pack 3000mAh non-removable batteries, which is odd considering that larger phones generally have space for bigger batteries. Consequently, the Moto G5S with its smaller screen lasted longer in our tests. It managed roughly 18 hours with heavy usage, while the Moto G5S Plus could only run for 14 hours which was disappointing. In our standard HD video loop test, the Moto G5S ran for 12 hours and 35 minutes, while the Moto G5S Plus ran for 11 hours and 15 minutes.. The good thing is that Lenovo ships TurboPower adapters with both models. The Moto G5S gets fully charged in roughly 60-70 minutes while the Moto G5S Plus takes slightly more time.. Verdict The smartphone market in India changes rapidly, and Lenovo's decision to launch special editions of the fifth-generation Moto devices seems like a great move - except for buyers of the originals. Both the Moto G5S and Moto G5S Plus offer enhancements that help the company stay fresh and take on recently launched competitors. The dual cameras on the Moto G5S Plus will be a good selling point, especially against the Xiaomi Mi A1 ( Review ), though the experience still requires some polishing from the company's end. Stock Android is generally always a good thing though it's becoming more common now and less of an advantage for Lenovo. Fast charging support is also a big plus.. The Moto G5S is a good improvement over the Moto G5, though it faces a stiff challenge from the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 ( Review ) which sells at a lower price and offers better hardware. The Moto G5S Plus has to take on the Xiaomi Mi A1 which is also very similar and costs a bit less.. If you are a Moto fan then the Moto G5S Plus or Moto G5S should surely appeal to you as they look great and offer all the bells and whistles one expects at their prices. We hope Lenovo will roll out support for VoLTE on the Moto G5S Plus soon, especially considering that Airtel has started rolling out its network in addition to Jio.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Easy to hold and use Good build quality Good battery life Stock Android Turbo charging support Bad No notification light Average low-light camera performance Gets warm Slightly overpriced. Read detailed Motorola Moto G5S review. Moto G5S, G5S Plus Available With Limited Period Discount on Amazon India. Moto G5S Midnight Blue Variant Launched in India; Introductory Offer Slashes Price by Rs. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S Review. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S First Impressions. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good build quality Stock Android Turbo charging support Decent camera performance Bad Slightly bulky No VoLTE support at launch Gets warm in use No notification light. Read detailed Motorola Moto G5S Plus review. Moto G5S Plus Price in India Slashed. Moto G5S, G5S Plus Available With Limited Period Discount on Amazon India. Xiaomi Mi A1 vs Moto G5S Plus: Which Phone Should You Buy?. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S Review. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Further reading: Lenovo , Mobiles , Moto G5S Plus Price , Moto G5S Plus Price in India , Moto G5S Plus Specifications , Moto G5S Price , Moto G5S Price in India , Moto G5S Specifications , Motorola. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Apple's Cookie-Blocking Plan for Safari Browser Criticised by Advertisers. Moto G5S Plus and Moto G5S Review. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 8.2 Expert Score 3.8 21499 Ratings 97 Questions & Answers. The Motorola Moto G5S Plus runs Android 7.1 Nougat OS. The smartphone has a 5.5-inch Full HD IPS display. The other popular mobile is Moto G6 Play. Other variant of this mobile is Moto G5s. It has dual 13MP rear cameras with an LED flash and an 8MP front-facing camera. The device is powered by a 2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 625 processor and 4GB RAM. It has 64GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include dual-SIM 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a 3,000 mAh Li-Ion battery .. Best Price: ₹ 13,889. Key Specifications Snapdragon 625 processor 4GB RAM 64GB internal storage 3000 mAh battery Dual 13 M.Pixels rear & 8 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v7.1.1 (Nougat). Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price in India. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto G5S Plus is at TataCLiQ, which is 7% less than the cost of Moto G5S Plus at Flipkart (Rs. Motorola Moto G5S Plus: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff Premium metal design Great Value for money Decent performance while multitasking or gaming Dual rear camera for capturing in-depth images Bad Stuff Battery life is poor No NFC or Moto Mod support. The Motorola Moto G5S Plus is the beefed up version of the Moto G5S. The Motorola Moto G5S Plus has an improved camera and display over the Moto G5 Plus. The Moto G5S Plus just like the Moto G5S comes with full metal body for increased rigidity and a premium feel.. The Moto G5S Plus has an improved display of 5.5-inches with Full HD resolution over the Moto G5 Plus which only had a 5.2-inch display. The Moto G5S Plus is equipped with Gorilla Glass 3 for better resistance against scratches; it also provides with increased rigidity against drops. The Moto G5S Plus shines in the imaging department with its dual-camera setup on the back. The two 13-megapixel cameras on the back are used for zoomed and wide-angle images. The dual-camera setup also brings bokeh effect which is similar to the iPhone 7 Plus s depth effect. The cameras use phase-detection autofocus for spot-on focusing.. The Moto G5S Plus features a more powerful 2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 625 chipset when compared to the Moto G5S. The SD625 is not only powerful, but it is also very power-efficient thanks to the 14nm technology. The 64GB storage variant of the device comes with 4GB of RAM for better multitasking. The Moto G5S Plus ships with Android 7.1 Nougat operating system with a few customisations over and under the hood for a unique experience.. The Moto G5S Plus is fuelled by a 3,000mAh non-removable battery with fast charging support. Some devices in the same price category as G5S Plus come with a larger battery. The wireless connectivity on the Moto G5S Plus is handled by dual-SIM 4G LTE, 3G, 2G, VoLTE, Bluetooth v4.2, dual-band Wi-Fi b/g/n, and a GPS.. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 401 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Screen to body percentage 71.3 % Design and Build Dimensions 6.0 x 3.0 x 0.3 inches Weight 168 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v7.1.1 (Nougat) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash Yes Primary Dual 13 M.Pixels Front 8 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 64GB RAM 4GB Expandable MicroSD, 256GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3000 mAh Turbo Charge Yes Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB MicroUSB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 625 Architecture Cortex A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 2.0 GHz Make Qualcomm MSM8953 GPU Adreno 506 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Infrared is a laser technology in the gadgets which is used to transfer files. It has many features like controlling other devices as a remote control. Earlier, you may find infrared in your phones for file transfer which is replaced by the Bluetooth. Nowadays, you can find IR blaster in phones to control other devices and use your phones as a remote just like TV, AC, CD player, remote, etc.. It's a type of a light which is used for remote controlling purposes.. Which one is better between Moto G5S Plus and Honor 7X?. 1) Honor 7X doesn't come with Corning Gorilla Glass where Moto G5s plus does.. 2) Honor 7X doesn't come with a Qualcomm quick charger. It takes around 1 hour to charge 50% battery, where Moto G5s Plus charges 6 hours of battery in just 15 minutes. It takes 1 hour 10 minutes to charge 100% with Qualcomm quick charger.. 3) Honor 7X doesn't have a gyro sensor; we can't play motion games like car racing, etc. But in Moto G5s Plus there is no compass sensor.. 4) Honor 7X camera pictures have better clarity than Moto G5s Plus, but when we zoom the picture after capturing it, then there is not much clarity. Moto G5s Plus have better clarity of zoom where compared to Honor.. Moto G5S Plus is a very good one.. Is it better than Samsung A5 2017 mobile?. It is far better than Samsung A5 regarding camera quality, performance, battery, design, memory, size and other features. I am saying this because I have seen and used both the mobiles. I hope this will make up your mind to go for Moto G5s Plus.. Yes, it is far better than Samsung A5. It does not hang and works very smoothly.. Which one is better between Moto G5S Plus and Redmi Note 4?. Both devices are good, although saying these won't change your preference. If you are looking for a camera-centric phone, then Moto G5s Plus would fit your requirement. But if you want a more dynamic device, then Redmi Note 4 is the best given its price of 10k. My personal preference would be Moto because it has fast charging and its stock Android interface is amazing.. Moto G5s Plus is the best.. Is this phone better than Samsung On Max?. Yes! It's better than Samsung On Max.. Samsung On Max has MediaTek 1.6GHz processor which can generate heat. But Moto G5s Plus comes with Snapdragon 2.0GHz which is better for gaming and high multitasking.. Samsung On Max has only 3GB and 32GB, but Moto G5s Plus has 4GB and 64GB.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto G5S Plus. 33 Ratings 23 Reviews. 5 13. 4 12. 3 6. 2 0. 1 2. Rate & review this product and help other customers. It is excellent at this price point. But if it had another memory slot for further expansion along with two SIM slots, then there would be nothing to beat it.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. When this model was available for Rs.16,000/- everywhere in the market, MySmartPrice adviced me to purchase it from a particular portal available for the price Rs.14,900/- and immediately I bought this model from that portal for Rs.14,900/-.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. It's always good, but the battery and configuration are little bad.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. It's so amazing, and its performance is excellent. The camera has got a high clarity.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. I like its camera quality and the battery performance.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Motorola mobile price list in India. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime price in India (Rs. Oppo F3 price in India (Rs. Vivo V5 price in India (Rs. Vivo Y69 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Nokia 6 (2018) vs Honor 7x vs Moto G5S Plus: Price in India, Features, Specifications Comparison. The year is already off to a great start as some excellent phones have already been announced by different manufacturers and the rumours and leaks doing the rounds indicate that the rest of the year will be just as exciting for smartphone enthusiasts One of the phones were looking forward to is t. Moto G5S Plus, Moto G5S, Moto G5 Plus, Moto G5 Price in India discounted Up to Rs. 6,000: Offer details, Sale Date, Specifications. It sure seems like sales really work with Indian smartphone buyers because its barely the second month of the year and weve already seen multiple offers from different manufacturers as they compete with each other Weve seen sales by Huawei Xiaomi Nokia and even Apple But were here to talk. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto G5S Plus was obtained on 26th February 2018 15:03:37 The Motorola Moto G5S Plus is available in Amazon, Croma, Flipkart, Gadgets360, Gadgetsnow, Tatacliq The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto G5S Plus online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Motorola Moto G5S Plus is available in Grey, Gold, Lunar Grey colours across various online stores in India.. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price in India is Rs. 13,889 as on 26th February 2018 15:03:37. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Motorola Moto G5S Plus - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 54 55 ». paosoul, 13 hours ago help! i only have today to decide. Just go for Moto G5S plus!! Its pretty amazing to have. Even I purchased it last week. Great performance.Good camera.Awesome Battery Life.Overall Decent ROI!!. Moto g5s plus has a much better processor. It's 50% faster and is build on 14nm fi... more thank you so much! you save my money and help me made a better choice. Moto g5s plus has a much better processor. It's 50% faster and is build on 14nm finfet, so it uses much less power for the same work. I have it, and it is a wonderfull phone. Nokia will come with a new version later his year, which seems to be very attractive.. paosoul, 13 hours ago im buying a new phone after asus zenfone 3 laser died (1 year use), Im between nokia 6 and mot... more help! i only have today to decide. im buying a new phone after asus zenfone 3 laser died (1 year use), Im between nokia 6 and motorola g5s plus ds, which one should i buy? which one is better, faster and longlasting? thanks for your comments. After update my phone is going to very very slow and bettery can't fast charge.. After update my phone is going to very very slow and bettery can't fast charge.. The phone is smooth and runs like a mater but the purpose of dual camera here is not as promising as it should be. If one is switching to Dual camera phone for Depth mode then it would be better to get Xiaomi Mi A1 which is best to capture photos and have same stock Android like Android One. Apart from this, the phone is best in performance and not even single issue of hanging or stopping. If you are a Moto fan then it would be better to go for Moto G5 Plus which have almost same features and at lower price, more features but lacks dual camera.. Camera not good in human face colors as other motorola phones of the series .Included latest updates.I also use other camera application ,same result .Also build quality is a question .Got hot in use.Asking authorized service ,all function is normal .XT1805 version no NFC.In positive,software roll fast and good calling reception.. Hisham, 17 Feb 2018 Moto g5s plus or lg g5 Definitely LG G5, it's camera is a marvel. Have been on this phone for 4 to 5 days. Restball is good however the back button and the switching over to another app button merged into the home button by striking left or right is still challenging to get working right. Though home button and right striking works most of the times, the left side somehow does not work always.. If you r thinking about toh buy moto g5s+. my opinion you should not buy because its main problem is going dust inside yr camera this can spoil yr camera even i m also using. Tell me about orio updated in this phone..... Not all European model have nfc function .Also some phones made in India than China. akhi211, 17 Feb 2018 moto g5s plus can work in other countries like australia , germany. work good europe version XT1803 XT1805 but only 32gb 3gb ram. usa and Indian version 64gb 4gb ram. Moto g5s plus or lg g5. Isildur, 08 Feb 2018 Many people say so. But for me, i just purchased this phone last week, everything worked just ... more Download twilight to remove bluish screen and make it worm. Fix settening: color 3480, intensity 24%. moto g5s plus can work in other countries like australia , germany. Pages: 1 2 3 … 54 55 ». Total of 1088 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto G5S Plus .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi A1 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Huawei Honor 7X. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (33). Click to read the full review. Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The Moto G5S Plus is a "special edition" variant of the Moto G5 Plus from earlier this year. A dual camera (two 13MP sensors, one color, and one monochromatic) has been added, the front camera has been upgraded to 8MP (from 5MP), and the display has been enlarged to 5.5 inches by diagonal. The smartphone also grows slightly bigger than the original. These specifics aside, the hardware remains the same.. Moto G5S Plus Review Motorola Moto G5S Plus manual Motorola Moto G5S Plus benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.04 x 3.00 x 0.37 inches (153.5 x 76.2 x 9.5 mm). Weight: 5.93 oz (168 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (13-megapixel, F2.0 aperture), Autofocus. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26. Data: LTE-A Cat 7 (300/100 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 01 Aug 2017. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Motorola Moto G5S Plus XT1803 (International version). System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 18, 19, 20, 26, 28. Motorola Moto G5S Plus (with 32GB storage). System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto G5S Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Save 40% on the Moto Z Play at B&H; other Moto models are also on sale. PhoneArena Awards: best phones, tablets, and smartwatches of 2017. Deal: Save up to $75 on the Moto G5S Plus at Best Buy. Moto G5S Plus vs Moto G5 Plus: all differences and specs compared. All-metal Moto G5S Plus is $50 off until October 14. All-metal Motorola Moto G5S Plus now available to pre-order in the US, it's $50 off until September 28. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Review: Unripe for the picking. Lenovo Moto G5 Review: A Pixel for less than $300. Moto G tips and tricks: Get the most out of the mid-range wonder. Just half a year after their release, the Moto G5 and G5 Plus will each be replaced by new models that bear an S suffix. For this review, we took a look at the Moto G5S Plus to see if the early facelift is justified, or if Motorola should have waited for the right moment before retiring the young, soon-to-be predecessors of the G range.. Lowest price: Motorola Moto G5s Plus. Motorola Moto G5s Plus release date and price. 13 MP dual camera with f/2.0 (Moto G5 Plus: 12 MP single camera with f/1.7). Aluminum unibody (Moto G5 Plus: aluminum components throughout housing). 8 MP front camera with LED flash and f/2.0 (Moto G5 Plus: 5 MP with display flash and f/2.2). Maximum 4K videos (Moto G5 Plus: full HD). 5.5-inch display (Moto G5 Plus: 5.2-inch display). $229 for both models for a limited time. Moto G5S Plus for $279 after October 14. The Motorola G5S Plus is now available in Lunar Gray and Blush Gold for $279 ($229 with limited offer promotion until October 14). The S stands for special edition here. So what’s so special? To find out, we took a look at the changes in comparison with the Moto G5 Plus.. across all editions (even non-Plus) with this release is that it marks the end of times when you could get a very decent mid-range Moto G for around $200, and stay happy with its performance two years down the line. Under Lenovo’s leadership, new devices are now being released more often and the device size, specs, and prices are going up. One remaining reason for purchasing Moto G devices is the Android interface it comes with—it’s only slightly modified from pure Android and comes with minimal bloatware. We will list our qualms with the software in a separate section.. Motorola Moto G5s Plus design and build quality. Now the Moto G has double vision, too. The Moto G5S Plus in fancy ‘Blush Gold’.. Moto G5S Plus’ plastic bands interrupt the aluminum unibody for the underlying antennas.. Motorola finally catches up to the competition and equips its Moto G series with metallic unibodies, crafted from a solid aluminum block. The necessary plastic recesses give room for the antennas, and the display is protected by Gorilla Glass. No full waterproofing here, but a nano coating prevents splashing water from getting in.. Compared to its predecessor, the GS5 Plus is by far the most beautiful model of the series. Many here at Android PIT could not believe that this was a model from the G series.. Blushing often results from fluffy feelings, and that is exactly what happened when we opened the ‘Blush Gold’ Moto G5S to review. Upon closer inspection, it became clear where the ‘blush’ comes from as its pink tones live up to its name.. The phone’s high-quality craftsmanship really shows. During the two weeks I had to review it, I dropped the Moto G5S Plus once onto laminate flooring from a height of about 20 inches, often placed it on the table with the display face down, slid it on surfaces and other mistreatments. It only got a few tiny marks and will probably age slowly and gracefully, mostly on the edges and corners.. 400 ppi is way more than enough, and the resulting contrast is truly great.. You can start night mode at certain times or at dusk.. The G5S Plus’ Full HD on 5.5 inches means you get roughly 400 p that’s more than enough for a viewing distance of about 20 inches. Its display shows true authentic colors and on the hardware side, the brightness and contrast range are good, but are held back by software optimization in the background.. In terms of brightness, the Moto G5S Plus is a mixed bag though. It’s adaptive brightness works somewhat too inconsistently and does not darken the display enough in the evening. It also doesn’t brighten the display enough in the sunlight during the day either. As a result, the actual display contrast range’s potential is not really taken advantage of.. Deactivating adaptive brightness and activating Night Mode helps remedy an excessively bright display during nighttime reading. Although it is not as elegantly executed as on the Google Pixel, it gets the job done to some extent. The Moto app gives you the option to turn Night Mode off between sunset or sunrise by using your location.. Motorola is no longer as timely with updates as they used to be.. Motorola ships the Moto G5S Plus with software that is very similar to Google’s pure Android. The differences lie mostly in apps that are updated separately from the core system via the Play Store. Unfortunately, this does not mean faster system updates though, and the review device ran older software. Like any mobile device nowadays you’ll be doing online banking, shopping and posting online with the G5S Plus so rest assured—it gets monthly security patches from Google. Just not as often as before.. It’s okay if it sometimes takes a few weeks. However if it takes say, three months, then you really start to question whether you should be using your phone. Even at the end of September, the test device still ran on Android 7.1.1 with the June security patch. Many competing products with software that have significantly more modifications have more to offer here, and that’s not all. In 2017, it’s now common decency to provide smartphones with at least two years’ worth of operating system updates with new features, and security patches for a third year. As it currently stands, Motorola has ruled out a second operating system update for the G5 series models after the upgrade to Android 8 Oreo.. The Snapdragon 625 built into the G5S Plus offers solid mid-range performance that is barely noticeable from the Moto G5 Plus. It’s just agonizing that Asus recently. pointed out that its direct successor, the Snapdragon 630 chipset, is currently undergoing mass production. This would have made a big difference for this phone model’s update. One has to wonder, why the 625 ended up here when it would have found a proper new home in the smaller Moto G5S. an important opportunity to give the Moto G5S Plus a competitive new factor, which would have also been advantageous together with the dual cameras. The newer chipset would have offered some exciting technology for imaging, eliminating some possibilities for the otherwise well-selected hardware. Apart from the processor, the Moto G5S Plus offers 3GB of RAM and 32GB of expandable flash memory storage. Gaming performance is only sufficient for simple games: You will only get good graphics with a Snapdragon from the 800 family or a Samsung Galaxy S7, which is currently available on eBay for the same price.. The five holes hide the only encased loudspeaker. One of the two microphone holes is to the right.. The sole encased loudspeaker directs its sound downwards. There is one microphone on the bottom and one on the rear next to the camera, while the good ol’ headphone port is still there. Motorola does not include any headset in the packaging though.. The depth thing is not exactly working out.. Motorola is taking some bold steps with its rear camera. The G5S Plus’ single camera with a large f/1.7 aperture—which is actually quite good—gives way to two 12-MP cameras with only f/2.0. The only downer is that there is an option of subsequently adjusting your photos’ focal point. Unfortunately, Motorola did not wait for the corresponding optimized chipset, which means that the focus effect will not work as properly as it should.. The camera software comes ready for some funny business: It replaces individual depths with other images, backgrounds, or colors everything black and white except on one layer. In theory, it sounds exciting, but falls short in practice due to its flawed depth detection abilities.. Individually though, the cameras deliver satisfactory results for both photos and stabilized videos. The selfie cam is the main winner in the evening, primarily because of its flash, and it’s also good against backlighting during the day. Unfortunately, the rear camera is not an improvement over the f/1.7 single camera, therefore it falls short as an effort to improve the previous G5 Plus.. The Moto G5S lasts from Saturday noon to Monday morning.. The Moto G5S Plus’s battery holds out well for one-and-a-half days and takes a little more than an hour to fully recharge. It is non-removable and contains 3,000 mAh, with battery life being good but not extraordinary.. Motorola Moto G5s Plus technical specifications. 153.5 x 76.2 x 9.5 mm. 1920 x 1080 pixels (400 ppi). HSPA, LTE, NFC, Dual-SIM , Bluetooth 4.2. Motorola’s special edition G5S Plus is supposed to be the essential update to the fifth-generation Moto Gs. But competition from phones like the Honor 6X has already set the bar quite high in January—dual cameras, a fingerprint sensor, and strong hardware equipment are now a must in this price category, and Motorola still lags behind here. Now Motorola offers a sleek device, but is moving away (but not quite) from the best bang-for-the-buck category at almost $300. This is bad timing for Motorola. It shows the new Moto G5S and G5S Plus were released too early. They should have waited for the new Snapdragon 630 processor, which would have taken better advantage of the dual camera, and it is frankly dangerous to schedule the release so close to the standard Moto G5. Motorola should expect to lose the trust of buyers that have an outdated device in their hands after just half a year. It’s a sad truth because the Moto G5S Plus is actually a very decent smartphone. But when you look at the competition and its failures in hardware and software, it doesn’t merit that half star to a full 4.. MWC 2018 live updates: Sony shakes up the Xperia XZ2 design. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
