GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300). 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm (5.67 x 2.85 x 0.39 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~66.2% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). 8 MP (f/2.2, 1.12 µm), autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto C Plus - user opinions and reviews. This is the budget phone and high quality display, camera, speed, battery backup etc. bad phone ever dont bother to buy. Because there isn't Proximity sensor &#417;n this phone. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Nokia 2 Nokia 3. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto C Plus. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto C Plus smartphone was launched in May 2017. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto C Plus price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto C Plus is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto C Plus packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto C Plus runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 4000mAh removable battery. It measures 144.00 x 72.30 x 10.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 162.00 grams. The Motorola Moto C Plus is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, Headphones, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Accelerometer.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Moto C Plus Price Cut in India With Limited Period Discount. Moto C Plus Now Available for as Low as Rs. Moto C Plus Flipkart Open Sale at 12 Noon Today. Moto C Plus 'Entire Stock' Was Sold Out Within 7 Minutes in First Sale, Says Flipkart. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in India Moto C Plus (Starry Black, 16GB) Rs. 6,599 Moto C Plus (Fine Gold, 16GB) Rs. 6,725 Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16GB) Rs. Motorola Moto C Plus detailed specifications. Release date May 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 144.00 x 72.30 x 10.00 Weight (g) 162.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4000 Removable battery Yes Colours Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek MT6737 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 2-megapixel Front Flash LED. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones Yes FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor No Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto C Plus. 3.2 Out of 5. 5 Star 3 4 Star 3 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star 3. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 8 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By sankar sankar | 15 Oct 2017. Proximity sensor issue is solve this mobile 2 update then solve this problem go to dial pad right side three dots key then select then go setting after then select turn of screen during phone call then calling the person go to ear and touch the ear in display the screen is off and remove the ear screen on nice option get it. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Shivam Modi | 18 Oct 2017. Although Moto c plus doesn't have a proximity sensor but it has a system which works like a proximity sensor just by clicking the three dots in phone app you got this feature to be able there. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Duped - moto C plus is a scam. By Uma Udaykumar | 6 Aug 2017. We bought Moto C plus on 25 July from Flipkart. On switching on found that the Moto hello tune is on an infinite loop. Initiated return and after 10 days Flipkart replaced it. But the new piece too has the same issue. Flipkart says they can replace only once. Sent us to Motorola service center who told us that they can't repair new mobile and we have to go to Flipkart only. They say they will send a technician to our home in a few days to check it out. My teenage son is without a mobile since we converted the sim to nano to suit the instrument! And we neither have a working phone or our money back. Not just the phone, we are too in an infinite loop it seems.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Raju Chowdary | 20 Jun 2017. without 4g no need to buy now trending 4g and 4g+.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 3 people found this review helpful. By Senthil Kumar | 9 Feb 2018. I am regular user of Moto Mobiles. Recently I bought 2nos of moto C plus @ Rs 7000/- each. The sound quality is pathetic and horrible and doesn't have many basic features like change the sim during the call etc.. not at all worth for Money. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto C Plus Price Cut in India With Limited Period Discount. Moto C Plus Now Available for as Low as Rs. Moto C Plus Flipkart Open Sale at 12 Noon Today. Moto C Plus 'Entire Stock' Was Sold Out Within 7 Minutes in First Sale, Says Flipkart. Moto C Plus to Go on Sale via Flipkart Today. Moto C Plus With 4000mAh Battery Launched in India at Rs. 6,999: Specifications, Release Date, and More. Moto C Plus With 4000mAh Battery to Launch in India Today. Moto C Plus Will Be Available via Flipkart Post Its Monday Launch. Moto C Plus India Launch Set for Monday: All You Need to Know. More Motorola Moto C Plus news. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Motorola Moto Turbo Micromax Canvas 1 vs. Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Nokia 3 LG K7i vs. Motorola Moto C Plus Xiaomi Redmi 5a vs. Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Xiaomi Mi 5 Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Motorola Moto E3 Power Infocus Vision 3 vs. Motorola Moto C Plus Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 vs. Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Asus Zenfone 3s Max vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto C Plus in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Motorola Moto C Plus. Motorola Moto C Plus: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto C Plus es el smartphone más poderoso de la nueva línea Moto C de Motorola. El Moto C Plus cuenta entre sus características principales con una pantalla HD de 5 pulgadas, procesador quad-core a 1.3GHz, 1GB o 2GB de RAM, 16GB de almacenamiento interno ampliables vía microSD, cámara principal de 8 megapixels con flash LED, cámara frontal de 2 megapixels, batería de 4000 mAh y corre Android 7.0 Nougat. Motorola Moto C Plus Características principales. Android 7.0 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto C Plus. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 10 mm. y un peso de 162 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto C Plus tiene una pantalla de 5" con una resolución de 720 x 1280 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto C Plus encontramos un procesador MediaTek MT6737 1.3GHz, acompañado de 1GB/2GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 16GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto C Plus tiene una resolución de 8 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 4000 mAh. .El Motorola Moto C Plus también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5", 720 x 1280 pixels Procesador MediaTek MT6737 1.3GHz 1GB/2GB RAM. 16GB, microSD Cámara: 8 MP. OS: Android 7.0 Perfil: 10 mm Peso: 162 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto C Plus. basado en 1 experiencias. Gran batería (4000mAh) Flash LED frontal Buena densidad de pixels (294ppi). Motorola Moto C Plus características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto C Plus. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto C Plus. Noticias de Motorola Moto C Plus. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300). 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 16GB memoria interna, 1GB/2GB RAM. - Procesador MediaTek MT6737 quad-core 1.3GHz de 64 bits. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, flash LED, HDR, Panorama, geo-tagging, foco táctil, detección de rostro, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP, f/2.8, flash LED. - GPS con soporte A-GPS, GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. Funciones clave Motorola Moto C Plus. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto C Plus. Hay 64 opiniones del Motorola Moto C Plus .. Porque no puedo escuchar los audios de wsp en vo baja? Si me lo acerco a la oreja no los puedo escuchar. No me gusta para nada, no lo recomiendo. Es super lento, la batería no dura nada, no tiene sensores. Continuamente arroja errores en las notificaciones por las actualizaciones.. El mío dura 4 horas en cargar y eso que es carga rápida apenas tengo 10 días con él y ya me desepciono. Tenia grandes expectativas pero se bloquea con cualquier aplicación y hay que reiniciar a cada rato, se pone la pantalla negra, a veces no responde para nada y el centro de atención no tienen ninguna solución.. en sintesis es buen telefono, tiene errores de camara al girar hacia otro lado, pero hay aplicaciones que pueden corregir eso o reemplazarla, motorola se quedo corto con 1gb de ram, la bateria es perfecta dura muchisimo(1dia y 1/2 a 2 dias) hay otras opciones de moviles como el moto e4 plus mejores que este movil, pero no deja de ser un buen telefono, solo hay que tener paciencia.. Mi moto c plus al entrar una llamada se pone obscura la pantalla y debo desbloquearlo para responder la llamada y tiene muchas trabas nose que hacer. Mi moto c se detiene a cada rato cuando lo tengo en Youtube viendo algún vídeo musical.. Comparto contigo amiga , las app casi no se actualizan y demora mucho, además el autorotar no me funciona de verdad es una porquería. Yo soy fan de motorola ypues quize comprarme este moto c plus en la.version de.1gb de ram.y la.bateria me.dura poco con las justas llega alas 12 horas es lentisimo incluso.podria decir mas lentos que otros con las mismas especificaciones es lenta la.reaccion del tactil la.camara es regular pero por lo demas me.parece malisimo. Tengo uno, me gustaria saber porq la pantalla queda en negro cuando entra una llamada, tengo q darle a una de las teclas para saber quien llama, alguien me puede ayudar. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto C Plus - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 64. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto C Plus. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto C Plus. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto C Plus a otros usuarios. Motorola Moto C y Motorola Moto C Plus serán el primer eslabón del mercado de Lenovo. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto C Plus Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 6.4 Expert Score 4.1 279619 Ratings 62 Questions & Answers. The Motorola Moto C Plus. Other variant of this mobile is. It has an 8MP rear camera. and a 2MP front-facing camera. It has 16GB internal storage. expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include dual-SIM 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS, and a microUSB v2.0 port. The device is powered by a 4,000 mAh Li-Ion battery .. Best Price: ₹ 6,575. Key Specifications MT6737 processor 2GB RAM 16GB internal storage 4000 mAh battery 8 M.Pixels rear & 2 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat). Motorola Moto C Plus Price in India. Motorola Moto C Plus Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto C Plus is at Shopclues, which is 11% less than the cost of Moto C Plus at Ebay (Rs. Motorola Moto C Plus: Pros & Cons. Long lasting battery VoLTE support Bad Stuff Outdoor visibility is below average Poor camera quality Limited storage space. The Motorola Moto C Plus is the beefed up version of the Moto C. The device features a better display, better camera , and increased multimedia capabilities. The device features a polycarbonate body that provides with a rugged look.. The Motorola Moto C Plus comes with a standard HD resolution in a 5-inch display carrying IPS LCD technology. The Moto C Plus’s display comes with scratch-resistant coating and support for multi-touch. The Motorola Moto C Plus captures images using an 8-megapixel primary camera, and a 2-megapixel selfie shooter. The primary camera is aided by LED flash and autofocus, whereas, the selfie camera depends just on the beauty filters.. The Moto C Plus is armed with a 1.3GHz 64-bit quad-core MediaTek processor and 2GB of RAM. The device comes with 16GB of internal storage that is expandable through microSD card. The Moto C Plus comes standard with a light sensor, proximity sensor, gyroscope sensor, accelerometer, and an e-compass.. The Moto C Plus boots the Android’s 7.0 Nougat OS that is the latest offering from Google for the year 2016-2017. The Moto C Plus just like all the other Motorola smartphones doesn't contain any unwanted applications or bloatware.. The Moto C Plus’s strongest selling point is its massive 4,000 mAh battery. The large battery can provide with an excellent battery backup as the hardware on the Moto C Plus is very efficient. The Moto C Plus is a 4G enabled smartphone that also supports dual-SIM cards and VoLTE. The Moto C Plus apart from its cellular connectivity depends on its Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS, and a microUSB v2.0 port for connectivity.. Motorola Moto C Plus Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720x1080 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 218 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Design and Build Dimensions 5.6 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches Weight 162 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Camera Rear Flash Yes Selfie Flash Yes Primary 8 M.Pixels Front 2 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 128GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 4000 mAh Turbo Charge No Connectivity Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot Bluetooth v4.2 3G Yes USB MicroUSB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant MT6737 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.3 GHz Make MediaTek GPU Mali-T720MP2 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. What is the difference between Moto C Plus and Moto E4?. The battery of E4 is powerful; it has more RAM, i.e., 3GB. Its display is 5.5-inches, and it also has a proximity sensor.. How is the sound recording quality of this phone?. Compared to its price of Rs. 6000/-, Mi 4 is the best (2GB RAM, 16GB ROM and also the camera quality is the best).. And its service is so poor.. It's just like that of a decent smartphone.. Normal, it's neither bad nor so good.. What is the difference between Moto C plus and Redmi 4?. The speed of performing during multitasking is high in Redmi 4.. Camera Quality is better than Moto C Plus.. Good Battery Backup in Redmi 4 rather than Moto C plus.. I don't have Redmi 4, so can't comment on this. But Moto C plus is good mobile.. Redmi 4 has hybrid slot and moto c plus has dedicated slot.. There are many differences, and Redmi 4 is better.. Which one is better handset Moto C or Redmi 4?. As per my experience says all the products of Redmi are awesome. I am using Mobile, Head phone and both are great. So based on that Redmi 4 will be more better than Moto C.. Depends on your requirement, instead of Moto C better go for Moto C Plus as it has dedicated slot, front and rear flash.. Moto C is the best mobile.. What is the front camera megapixel?. The Motorola Moto C Plus packs an 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto C Plus. 18 Ratings 6 Reviews. 5 6. 4 6. 3 4. 2 1. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. The battery backup is superb, but the camera is just average. Overall, it is the best phone in this range.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Good product to buy at a reasonable price.. I bought this Moto C Plus Mobile at the price of Rs. I have ordered it on 8th Oct 2017 and I received it on 9th Oct 2017. My experience of using this phone is awesome. This is a user-friendly device and the sound quality in Moto is good. Style and design of the Moto C Plus are good. It is a user-friendly mobile phone. It is worth buying with a minimum b udget. This is the best mobile for the beginners in Android and it gives a trendy look and I feel awesome to use. Processor: Quad Core, 1.3 GHz MediaTek MT6737. OS: Android OS, v7.0(Nougat) Battery: 4000mAh, Li-Po. Rear Camera: 8MP and 2MP front camera with an LED Flash. SIM Slot: Two dedicated SIM slots and 1 memory card slot. In the box: 1 handset, 1 headset, 1 USB type charger and 1 user manual. It does not have a proximity sensor, so we have to press the lock key for every process. It doesn't have a fingerprint sensor also. But this is the best mobile to buy at a low price and I strongly recommend this product. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Motorola mobile price list in India. Redmi 4 price in India (Rs. Redmi Y1 Lite price in India (Rs. Redmi 5A 32GB price (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J2 (2017) price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto C Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite vs Motorola Moto C Plus vs Samsung Galaxy J2: Price in India, specifications and comparison. The Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite hits the sweet spot when it comes to price The sub Rs 10000 segment is heavily contested owing to the demand of reasonably priced devices in non-metropolitan cities Gone are the days when one had to spend at least Rs 10000 for a functional 4G phone with many new playe. Moto C Plus launching in India on June 19. It was just last month that Motorola introduced itsmid-range handsets the Moto C and the Moto C Plus globally A few weeks later and earlier this month the company went on to launch theMoto C in India and if we are to believe recent reports the company isnow readying itself for the launch of. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto C Plus was obtained on 26th February 2018 15:05:24 The Motorola Moto C Plus is available in Croma, Ebay, Flipkart, Gadgets360, Gadgetsnow, Shopclues, Tatacliq The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto C Plus online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Motorola Moto C Plus is available in Black, Gold, White, Fine Gold colours across various online stores in India.. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in India is Rs. 6,649 as on 26th February 2018 15:05:24. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Cons or Disadvantages of Buying Motorola Moto C Plus. Cons or Disadvantages of Buying Motorola Moto C Plus. Author NishantKapoor Posted on June 19, 2017 Leave a comment on Cons or Disadvantages of Buying Motorola Moto C Plus. Motorola Moto C Plus Cons or Disadvantages. In the recent past after the Release of Motorola Moto G5 Plus, Motorola announced Two budget smartphones i.e. Motorola Moto C & Motorola Moto C Plus. in the month of May 2017 Motorola released Motorola Moto C which is available in the offline market and now the company has announced the Release Date of Motorola Moto C Plus i.e. The smartphone will exclusively be available on Flipkart and will start the sale in a Flash Sale, the expected price is somewhere around Rs 6999/-. Herein we are going to Discuss some Cons or Disadvantages of Motorola Moto C Plus. Firstly , Though the device has an HD Display (720 x 1280 pixels) but still if you watch the Screen from different viewing angles then you will find some Dullness in the Screen Colours.. Secondly , Now lets talk about the Performance of Motorola Moto C Plus. The Device is only for Average usage and not for heavy Gaming Lovers. Please don’t run after the big sized batter, the phone actually does not supports heavy games as it will play the games very slow. But If you are a normal user then at this price the smartphone is a smart buy.. Thirdly , The Earphones packed with Motorola Moto C Plus are very Normal one (not in-ear) and also does not have Volume buttons. The Back panel is again of a bit low quality, you can say it is hard and can break if fall majorly. So you anyhow use a Good Quality Back Cover.. Fourthly , The Rear Camera Glass of Moto C Plus is almost levelled with the Back Panel , their is only a slight bump between the panel and the camera glass to protect it from scratches. But as you can see that the Camera glass size is quite big then their are chances of catching up Scratches on glass and this will affect your image quality. So use a proper Back Cover with proper thickness which can actually protect your Moto C Plus camera glass from scratches.. Fifthly , The Motorola Moto C Plus is quite Bulky, the Device thickness is 10 mm which is too much and weighs around 162 gm. Their are few important Sensors are missing like Gyro sensor, Proximity sensor, Compass and only Acceleromter is their. It clearly shows that cost cutting is done in the smartphone.. Lastly , The battery given in the Device is of 4000 mAh but the charging is not Fast. The charger provided with Moto C Plus is not a Fast charger and you can say that the Device May take 3-3.5 hrs to get fully charged.. So in all if you are a Decent user then you can go with Motorola Moto c Plus but if you have high Expectations then you must select a better option other that Moto C Plus.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (10). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Moto C Plus runs Android 7 Nougat, and sports a 5-inch display with 720p resolution. The device is powered by quad-core MediaTek processor, and features LTE connectivity. The Moto C Plus also offers 2 GB of RAM, 16 GB of expandable internal memory, and a whooping 4000 mAh battery. As for cameras, the handset has an 8 MP rear one, and a 2 MP front-facing one.. Dimensions: 5.67 x 2.85 x 0.39 inches (144 x 72.3 x 10 mm). Weight: 5.71 oz (162 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Flash, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 15 May 2017. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Motorola Moto C Plus (Dual SIM). Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto C Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola to open six Moto Hub stores today in India; 50 locations planned in high traffic areas. Motorola Moto C Plus to be unveiled in India on June 19th. Budget-friendly Moto C and Moto C Plus officially introduced, prices start at €89. Moto alphabetical road map surfaces during presentation. Seven Moto devices receive their Wi-Fi certification; all seven are powered by the MT6737 SoC. Entry-level Moto C receives its Bluetooth certification. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto C Plus Manual / User Guide. This is the official Motorola Moto C Plus User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see our Specs page.. Please enter the Captcha on the left and click. You must click on the checkbox above, before proceeding.. The Moto C Plus runs Android 7 Nougat, and sports a 5-inch display with 720p resolution. The device is powered by quad-core MediaTek processor, and features LTE connectivity. The Moto C Plus also offers 2 GB of RAM, 16 GB of expandable internal memory, and a whooping 4000 mAh battery. As for cameras, the handset has an 8 MP rear one, and a 2 MP front-facing one.. Motorola to open six Moto Hub stores today in India; 50 locations planned in high traffic areas. Motorola Moto C Plus to be unveiled in India on June 19th. Budget-friendly Moto C and Moto C Plus officially introduced, prices start at €89. Moto alphabetical road map surfaces during presentation. Seven Moto devices receive their Wi-Fi certification; all seven are powered by the MT6737 SoC. Entry-level Moto C receives its Bluetooth certification. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / Motorola Moto C Plus. CPU : 1.3 GHz Quad Core. Display : 5.0 inches. OS : Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat). Motorola Moto C Plus - Price and Specification. Motorola Moto C Plus, Motorola Moto C+. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm. Starry Black, Fine Gold, Metallic Cherry. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). 1.12 Âµm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR, Video (720p@30fps). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Yes, microSD, up to 32 GB. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in Pakistan. This is is another smartphone by Lenovo Motorola. Motorola Moto C Plus price in Pakistan is Rs. The smartphone will be available from 25th of September.. Motorola Moto C Plus - Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Motorola Moto G 4G Dual Sim (2nd gen). We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Moto C Plus brings on the crazy-affordable basics. The more advanced of Motorola's extremely affordable C phones has a more powerful camera and better screen.. by May 15, 2017 10:18 AM PDT. Moto C plus specs 5-inch display with 1,280x720-pixel resolution Android 7.0 Nougat 8-megapixel camera with fixed focus and LED flash 2-megapixel front-facing camera with flash 1.3GHz quad-core processor (64-bit) 4,000mAh removable battery 4G speeds 16GB storage MicroSD card up to 32GB 1GB or 2GB RAM, depending on the country Dual-SIM (nanoSIM) for select countries Colors: Metallic cherry, pearl white, fine gold, starry black. More powerful specs make Motorola's C Plus a little costlier than the Moto C.. Motorola's Moto C Plus is an entry-level Android phone that wants to make its way into your pocket by way of helping out your wallet.. It costs you more than the Moto C , but it's still one of the cheapest Android phones you can buy. It starts at €119, which coverts to $131, £101 and $AU176. (Compare that to the Moto C, which costs €89 and converts to $98, £76 and AU$132.. Dishing out a little extra cash gives you a few upgraded features compared to the Moto C.. For example: a nicer screen, higher-megapixel camera, faster processor and double the onboard storage.. Look for both the Moto C and C Plus to go on sale in "spring" in countries in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific. (Compare to the Moto C here .). Motorola Moto C Plus (Starry Black). Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Motorola Moto C Plus - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 14 15 ». This is the budget phone and high quality display, camera, speed, battery backup etc. bad phone ever dont bother to buy. aravind, 14 Jan 2018 i bought a new phone at 2 weeks back it gets automatically restart while using it and while in... more Because there isn't Proximity sensor &#417;n this phone. Sona Hota, 20 Jan 2018 I am not able to delete some contact numbers from my phone and facing lots of problems due to ... more Try to first clear the no. which you want to delete and then save it. After that try to delete it. I bought moto c plus mobile 4 days ago but it's not show the external memory card while i am insert memory card in mobile .what i do for resolve this problem. Amey, 29 Dec 2017 i have the phone. it get hang to much please dont buy Mi brand phon this is not Mi phone. I am not able to delete some contact numbers from my phone and facing lots of problems due to this. Choi Jin Ri, 19 Dec 2017 hi. i'm looking for a low-end phone for my secondary phone. i'll only use it for play music (v... more Moto E2 in review has very good score in audio, i tried too, better than iphone SE and load too, battery backup very nice, just make sure take asia version so you get android M. aravind, 14 Jan 2018 i bought a new phone at 2 weeks back it gets automatically restart while using it and while in... more take your phone to service center,even I was facing the same issue.they will resolve it. aravind, 14 Jan 2018 i bought a new phone at 2 weeks back it gets automatically restart while using it and while in... Watch tis video for overcoming screen turn off issue. i bought a new phone at 2 weeks back it gets automatically restart while using it and while incoming call screen gets auto off without pressing any key i need a suggestion for thisi ssue. This phone is the best one can get in this price range.. Please can someone confirm if this phone is OTG enabled as I am not seeing it in the specs and some sites says it is OTG enabled. Has anybody been able to use a flash drive with it or access it via the OTG cord. I bought 3 days ago and only charge once and still 18% remaining. For me its nice phone with small budget.. any one facing issue with charging. just bought this phone and since last 5 hours it went to 71% from 0.00. Is this have any NFC fecility?. the camera is not enough clear for the phone. Pages: 1 2 3 … 14 15 ». Total of 297 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto C Plus .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Nokia 2 Nokia 3. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
The next video is starting stop. MOTOROLA Moto C Plus |Hard Reset. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Steps to perform hard reset Moto C Plus through mobile Keys and Settings, entering in recovery mode to wipe data and factory reset.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. How to Unlock Pattern Moto C Plus, Hard Reset Moto C Plus, Remove Pattern, Reset Motorola Mobile. how to factory reset moto c plus/hard reset/pattern remove c plus moto how to. HOW TO BYPASS GOOGLE ACCOUNT FRP MOTOROLA C, C 4G, C PLUS ANDROID 7.X.X. Top 5 Best Motorola Phones in 2018. Motorola Moto C Plus Password Hard reset | 100% Working Method.. Hard Reset MOTOROLA Moto G5S Plus Nexgen. How To Hard Reset Motorola C Plus. Moto C plus hard reset and pattern unlock. HARD RESET MOTO C/ MOTO C PLUS. Motorola Moto E4 Plus Hard Reset soft reset. MOTOROLA Moto M XT1663 | Hard Reset. Moto E4 Plus Hard Reset | Motorola. Hard Reset (MÉTODO CHINÊS) Lenovo Moto C, Moto C Plus, Formatar, Desbloquear. MOTOROLA Moto G5S | Hard Reset. Motorola Moto C & C Plus New Smartphones 2017. how to reset moto c xt 1755/moto c xt 1755 hard reset/factoey reset how to. Motorola Moto C Plus XT1721 Hard Reset And Phone Lock Reset Eazy Work. Hard reset Moto C Plus XT1723 Сброс настроек moto c plus XT 1723. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Motorola launches two budget smartphones – meet Moto C and Moto C Plus. Motorola Moto C and C Plus Specs and Price. In a surprise announcement, Motorola launched two new and highly affordable smartphones – the Moto C and Moto C Plus.. The two handsets go on sale “this spring” in the UK, as well as various countries across Europe, Asia, and Latin America. In the UK, you’ll be able to pick up the Moto C at Tesco, Carphone, and O2. Meanwhile, the Moto C Plus will be available at Argos. And both handsets will be on sale directly through Motorola, naturally.. Motorola already sells the budget – and hugely popular – Moto G5 , which costs around £160. Clearly, however, Motorola reckons there’s a solid market of people looking to spend even less on their phone, and is aggressively targeting them with the Moto C range, which starts from just £89.99.. The Motorola Moto C features a 5-inch display with a lowly 854 x 480-pixel resolution. You’ll also get an unspecified 1.1GHz quad-core processor paired with 1GB of RAM. Storage clocks in at 16GB, while the battery is 2,350mAh – not huge, but probably enough give the low-power CPU and low-resolution screen.. There’s a 5-megapixel shooter on the back, while a 2-megapixel front-facing camera will handle selfies, albeit in assuredly grainy fashion.. The phone runs on Google’s latest Android 7.0 Nougat operating system, and supports 4G/LTE connectivity. You’ll be able to get it in Metallic Cherry, Fine Gold, and Starry Black.. There’s also the Motorola Moto C Plus, which Motorola says offers “a larger display, a more powerful battery, and a more advanced camera”, although we’re not yet privy to full hardware details.. The good news is that the phone comes with a huge 4,000mAh battery, and there’s a microSD card slot for expanding storage. The rear camera gets a resolution bump to 8 megapixels, and you’ll get LED flash to boot.. Motorola is selling the Moto C from just £89.99 in the UK, while the Moto C Plus will cost slightly more at £109.99.. What do you think of the new Moto C? Let us know in the comments.. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. 
Login Register Wish List Checkout Download app Free and Fast Delivery 24x7 Customer Care. 0 item(s) Rs.0 My cart. Home Mobiles Tablets Gadgets Showroom Service Deals. Apple Google InFocus Lenovo Micromax OPPO Videocon. Blackberry Htc Intex Letv Microsoft Samsung vivo. Celkon Huawei Karbonn LG Motorola Sony Xiaomi. Gionee I-Tel Lava Lyf Nokia Tecno. Belkin Nokia Remax Rockspace Samsung Sony. Apple Philips Samsung Skull candy Sony. Charger Datacard Memory card Pendrive Boom Headset. Power bank charger Tempered - Glass Datacable Bluetooth Speaker. Motorola Motorola Moto C Plus div{ margin-bottom:0; } .desc_para{ height:0; -webkit-transition: all 0.5s; -moz-tra.. Category: Motorola Moto C Plus">Anvils Product #: Moto C Plus 5 stars, based on 1 reviews Regular price: Rs.7,299 Rs.7,299 Condition: excellent condition In Stock. 1 reviews | Write a review. Other Retail Price: Rs.7,499. Product Code: Moto C Plus. Stock In Stock. 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm 162 g. One charge powers the battery for up to 30 hours. Run multiple apps without slowing down. Stunning 12.70cm (5) HD display with the Moto look you love. Shoot crisp, clear photos, even in low light. The phone that bends to your will. long battery life heavy-duty quad-core processor Android™ 7.0. Go up to 30 hours without stopping to recharge the power-packed 4000 mAh battery.. Watch videos, stream music, play games, and more at 4G speed.. Enjoy an updated version of the world’s most popular operating system.. stylish design + 12.7cm (5) HD screen swap SIMs + add storage dual cameras capture it all. Show off with a micro-textured back cover in your favourite colour.. Enjoy added flexibility with dual SIM slots and microSD card capability.. From selfies to scenery, get beautifully sharp photos even in low light conditions.. 2G Network GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 3G Network WCDMA 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Network TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 850(band 5) VoLTE supported SIM Dual Nano SIM. Dimensions 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm Weight 162 g. Type IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen Size 720 x 1280 pixels,5.0 inches Multitouch Yes. Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes. Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal RAM : 2 GB; ROM : 16 GB. GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Speed HSPA,LTE WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE, aptX USB microUSB 2.0. Primary 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR Video [email. protected] Secondary 2 MP, f/2.8, LED flash. OS Android v7.0 (Nougat) Chipset MediaTek MT6737 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 processor GPU Mali-T720 MP2 Sensors Accelerometer Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Radio FM radio GPS Yes, with A-GPS. Type Removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery Stand-by N/A Talk-Time N/A. Write a review Please login or register to review. Description Specification Reviews (1). One charge powers the battery for up to 30 hours. Run multiple apps without slowing down. Stunning 12.70cm (5) HD display with the Moto look you love. Shoot crisp, clear photos, even in low light. The phone that bends to your will. long battery life heavy-duty quad-core processor Android™ 7.0. Go up to 30 hours without stopping to recharge the power-packed 4000 mAh battery.. Watch videos, stream music, play games, and more at 4G speed.. Enjoy an updated version of the world’s most popular operating system.. stylish design + 12.7cm (5) HD screen swap SIMs + add storage dual cameras capture it all. Show off with a micro-textured back cover in your favourite colour.. Enjoy added flexibility with dual SIM slots and microSD card capability.. From selfies to scenery, get beautifully sharp photos even in low light conditions.. GENERAL 2G Network GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 3G Network WCDMA 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Network TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 850(band 5) VoLTE supported SIM Dual Nano SIM BODY Dimensions 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm Weight 162 g DISPLAY Type IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen Size 720 x 1280 pixels,5.0 inches Multitouch Yes SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal RAM : 2 GB; ROM : 16 GB DATA GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Speed HSPA,LTE WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE, aptX USB microUSB 2.0 CAMERA Primary 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR Video [email. protected] Secondary 2 MP, f/2.8, LED flash FEATURES OS Android v7.0 (Nougat) Chipset MediaTek MT6737 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 processor GPU Mali-T720 MP2 Sensors Accelerometer Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Radio FM radio GPS Yes, with A-GPS BATTERY Type Removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery Stand-by N/A Talk-Time N/A. Write a review Please login or register to review. Get updates on sales special and more. About Us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions. Account Order History Wishlist Newsletter. Brands Gift Certificates Affiliates Specials. Contact Us Returns Support Site Map. Poorvika is a leading destination for online mobile shopping in India, offering some of the best prices and a completely hassle-free experience with options of paying through Cash on Delivery, Debit Card, Credit Card and Net Banking processed through secure and trusted gateways. Now shop for your favourite Mobiles, Tablets & Gadgets. Poorvika has set up 200 and more one-stop-mobile-shops across 43 cities in Tamil Nadu, Pondicherry and Karnataka.The company enjoys warm relations with manufacturers and continues to win laurels for its sales, riding on the success of the Indian mobile revolution.. We deliver reliably to Chennai, Ambur, Arakonam, Athur, Bangalore, Chengalpet, Chidambaram, Coimbatore, cuddalore, Cumbum, Dharmapuri, Dindigul, Dindivanam, Erode, Gudiyattam, Gummudipoondi, Hosur, Kanchipuram, Karaikal, Karaikudi, Karur, Katpadi, Kovilpatti, Krishnagiri, Kumbakonam, Madurai, Mangalore, Mannaargudi, Marthandam, Mettupalayam, Nagercoil, Namakkal, Ottanchathiram, Palani, Palayamkottai, Pattukottai, Perambalur, Pollachi, Pudukottai, Ramanthapuram, Ranipet, Salem, Sirkazhi, Sivakasi, Tanjore, Thenkasi, Theni, Thirunelveli, Thirupathur, Thiruvaarur, Thiruvallur, Thiruvannamalai, Thoothukudi, Tiruppur, Trichy, Udumalapet, Villupuram, Viruthachalam.. *Conditions Apply - Offers,Price, and details may change at any time without prior notice.(colors & stocks availability will be confirmed by our executive while processing your shipment or purchase). Note*: This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. Get updates on sales special and more. Copyright @ 2018 Poorvika Mobiles Private Limited. 
The next video is starting stop. Moto C Plus Unboxing, Hands on, Camera, Features Price. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Moto C Plus Unboxing, Hands on, Camera, Features Price. Moto C plus is now available in India for 6,999 INR. Motorola Moto C plus comes with 5 inch HD display and a big 4,000 mAh battery. We will soon cover Moto C Plus Review and other videos. Stay tuned !! Subscribe to our channel for detailed Reviews, Quick Review, Benchmarks, Gaming, Unboxing, Features and Overview of Various Gadgets like Smartphones, Tablets etc. http://youtube.com/isparknetwork Visit our Site mentioned below to read latest gadget reviews and news. Connect with us : Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/gadgetdiary Twitter: http://twitter.com/gadget_diary Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+isparknetwork/ Site: http://gadgetdiary.com Connect With Akshay: Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/akshayable Twitter: http://twitter.com/akshayable. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Top 5 Features Of Moto C Plus | Reasons To Buy. Moto C Plus Review: Pros, Cons, Specifications, Price. Moto C Plus vs Redmi 4 Speed Test and Memory Management Test. Top 10 BEST Camera Smartphones 2018. Motorola Moto C & C Plus New Smartphones 2017. Moto E4 Plus Unboxing & Overview Smartphone with 5000 mah battery. Moto C Plus - New Budget Phone from Motorola / Lenovo - Unboxing & Hands On. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Moto C Plus Indepth Unboxing And Review. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... 5 Cool Gadgets You Can Buy Now On Amazon. Motorola moto C unboxing and hands on. Moto C Plus vs Moto E4 Plus vs Moto G5 Plus Comparison Review - BATTLE of Moto Plus Smartphones. Moto C Full Review and Unboxing. Motorola Moto C Unboxing & Hands on. Moto C Plus Unboxing & 1st Impression (vs Moto G4 Play & E3 Power). Xiaomi Redmi 4A Budget Smartphone Unboxing & Overview. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, VoLTE, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.3 GHz Processor 2 GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt 4000 mAh Battery 5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 8 MP Rear + 2 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v7.0. Copious Battery with fast charging Android Nougat HD Display Dedicated card slot. Shipping: FREE 2-5 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 2 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-7 Business Days. Moto C Plus (Fine Gold, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Starry Black, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C Plus 16GB(Starry Black) 2GB RAM, Dual Sim 4G. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C Plus 16GB (Pearl White) 2GB RAM, Dual Sim 4G. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C Plus 16 GB (Fine Gold) 2 GB RAM, Dual Sim 4G. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola c plus (2 GB, 16 GB, Starry Black). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Starry Black, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Fine Gold, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus ( GOLD | 16GB | 2GB RAM | 4G VOLTE | 4000 mAh | OPEN BOX ). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Starry Black, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM) Brand New. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus 16GB 2GB RAM 8MP 2MP Dual 4G VoLTE 5" 4000mAh BrandNew & Sealed Pack. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Starry Black, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Fine Gold, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C Plus Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy Motorola Moto C Plus Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. Motorola Moto C Plus Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v7.0 Slim 4000 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 8 MP AutoFocus Flash 720p HD Video Recording 2 MP Front Camera with Flash Technical: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 2 GB RAM 16 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G VoLTE WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: Music Player Video Player FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Mitashi Play Duo King AP 105. InFocus Turbo 5 (3GB RAM + 32GB). Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. Has a camera for taking photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Having a front camera flash allows you to take selfies in low light. Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can use this to make calls over 4G network. It is compatible with Reliance Jio. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Watch your favourite video songs and movies in video player. It supports MP4, H.264 file types. Listen to your favourite songs in music player. It supports MP3, eAAC+, WAV etc. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. You can't connect your phone to a TV. Compass Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Sim Size: Nano + Nano SIM Device Type: Smartphone Release Date: May, 2017 Design Dimensions: 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm Weight: 162 g Display Type: Color TFT screen, 16M colors Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 294 PPI Memory RAM: 2 GB Internal: 16 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes VoLTE: Yes (Supports Reliance Jio) Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes USB: Yes, microUSB Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 8 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Features: Face detection, Geo tagging, Panorama, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 720p @ 30fps Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 2 MP with LED Flash Technical OS: Android, v7.0 (Nougat) CPU: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core, Mediatek MT6737 Processor GPU: Mali-T720MP2 Java: No Browser: Yes, supports HTML Multimedia Supports: MMS, Instant Messaging Email: Yes, with Push Mail Music: MP3, eAAC+, WAV Video: MP4, H.264 FM Radio: Yes Document Reader: Yes Battery Size: 4000 mAh, Li-Po Battery. Moto C Plus Review, Price and Comparison. Lenovo's Moto C-series is meant to cater to first time and basic consumers looking forward to buying a low-cost entry level phone. The Moto C Plus is one such handset that serves as an online alternative to Xiaomi's popular Redmi 4. Let's talk about the Moto C Plus design and build first. It is essentially made of plastic and looks like a chunky, cheap and plasticky derivative of other 5th generation Moto phones like G5 and G5 Plus. It's not a bad looking phone, though. The display on the front is 5-inches in size and has 720p resolution. The Moto C Plus features and specifications are quite modest too. The handset is powered by 1. 3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737 processor paired with 2GB RAM and 16GB storage. You can also add up to 32GB of microSD storage. Moto C plus camera performance relies on the 8MP front camera with LED flash and f/2.2 aperture lens and the 2MP selfie camera with f/2.8 optics. Which is to say, you should expect too much in terms of photography here. The front camera also has a LED flash, but with basic hardware, it can only help so much. The sart Moto C Plus feature is its 4100mAh battery that also supports fast charging. Connectivity options include 4G VoLTE, WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, and GPS. The Moto C Plus is again a basic phone that looks good, though not premium and is meant for first time and basic users. Also, it's one of the rare few phones in this budget that offers Android Nougat out of the box as of now. Moto C Plus Flipkart price is 6,999 INR, which is also the lowest price of Moto C Plus in India. If you are frustrated by failure in buying the base Redmi 4 variant, you can consider Moto C Plus as an alternative.. Copious Battery with fast charging Android Nougat HD Display Dedicated card slot. In this range this is better than others,I think. If you may use 2GB RAM normally, in this phone there is no hanging problems. If you install many applications and there is only 40MB free space out of 2GB RAM, this phone obviously hangs, because this is 2GB RAM.You Should mind that. Battery is very good lasting upto approx 48 hours in normal use. This is better Mobile than others.. Good long lasting Battery (10/10) 2. Faster CPU in this range (08/10) 3. Good Camera; Back (08/10); Front (10/10) 4. No heating problem in normal use. There is no negative points in this phone.. BEST PGONE IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO SPEND A LOT... Used over three fourth of a year ,works perfectly fine. It's the best if you are not in the mood to spend a lot.Has a good battery life a day nd quarter can easily be used if not playing games. Played high end games too works perfectly when texture is medium.Camera is too good for 8mp rear and you wont believe its front 2mp is too good as if 5mp of the phones in this 6k-8k range.It does not have proximity sensor and compass,which mst be given as they are the basics.No finger touch sensor.Display is good too with vivid colors.Touch response not too good if you have swesting issues on ur palm.. No finger touch sensor(dont expect this for its only 6k bucks).. Good battery Performance is good No lags. Best Smartphone In This price range. I bought this phone 3 months ago. Using roughly day & night still not yet single time phone hanged :) sound quality is amazing , loud as compare to other any phones.battery is the best part of this phone u can watch 6-7 movies in 100%.. Camera good (front flash) Battery good (4000maH) Screen Good (HAD) CPU Good ( never hangs) Android updates (Nought) nought. Better than oppo,vivo,Redmi,Nokia,lg,lava, Micromax,Intex,Asus in this range.. We bought Moto C plus on 25 July for our teenage son from Flipkart. The Moto hello tune was on an infinite loop. Though Flipkart replaced the instrument, the new piece too has the same issue. Since Flipkart replaces only once we are on an infinite loop it seems.... Being shunted back and forth from Flipkart to Motorola service center and back again. No working mobile, money gone 7000 RS... Suffering, aggravation, lot of time and energy lost as well. PL Don't buy Moto C plus.. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Motorola Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs Motorola Moto C Plus vs Xiaomi Redmi 5A vs Motorola Moto C Plus vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Motorola Moto C Plus vs Motorola Moto E4 vs Motorola Moto C Plus vs Nokia 2 vs Motorola Moto C Plus vs Motorola Moto E3 Power. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Moto C, Moto C Plus With Front Flash and Android 7.0 Nougat Launched. Tasneem Akolawala , 16 May 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Moto C comes in 3G and 4G variants. Moto C Plus sports a 4000mAh battery. Both the smartphones run on Android 7.0 Nougat. and features Moto C Plus specifications and features. Moto C and Moto C Plus, the long-rumoured Motorola smartphones, have finally been launched officially by the Lenovo-owned brand. The ultra-affordable handsets are aimed first-time smartphone buyers in developing markets, and will hit. various countries across Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific this spring. The Moto C will be available in a 3G version, starting at EUR 89 (roughly Rs. 6,200) with 1GB RAM/8GB storage, and a 4G option starting at EUR 99 (roughly Rs. Moto C Plus, on the other hand, will start at a price of €119 (roughly Rs. 8,300) for 1GB RAM/16GB storage model.. As for specifications, the Moto C runs on Android 7.0 Nougat and features a 5-inch FWVGA (480x854 pixels) display. The smartphone is powered by a 1.1GHz MediaTek MT6737M quad-core Cortex-A53 SoC with just 1GB of RAM. Storage options are at 8GB or 16GB, which can be further expandable via a microSD slot as well (up to 32GB).. Moto C camera sports a 5-megapixel rear sensor with 1.4-micron pixels, 74-degree field of view, fixed focus, an LED flash, and 720p video recording. In the front, there is a 2-megapixel shooter with 1-micron pixels, a 63-degree field of view, fixed focus, and an LED flash. The Moto C sports a 2350mAh battery which is removable. The dimensions are at 145.5x73.6x9mm, and the smartphone weighs 154 grams. The Moto C will be available in Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, and Starry Black colour variants.. The Moto C Plus is very similar to the Moto C with respect to design, but there are some areas with respect to specifications where it surpasses it. For example, the Moto C Plus sports better battery life, rear camera, CPU frequency, and display. The Moto C Plus features a 5-inch (720x1280 pixels) display, and is powered by a 1.3GHz MediaTek MT6737 quad-core Cortex-A53 SoC paired with 1GB or 2GB of RAM (depending on the variant). Inbuilt storage offering is at 16GB. Optics include a 8-megapixel rear camera with f/2.2 aperture, 1.12 micron pixels, autofocus, 71-degree field of view and an LED flash. The biggest improvement is seen on the battery side, with the Moto C Plus sporting a 4000mAh battery. The Moto C Plus dimensions measure 144x72.3x10 mm, and it weighs 162 grams. All the other specifications match with the Moto C.. Both the Moto C smartphones are seen sporting capacitive navigation buttons, with no sign of a fingerprint scanner at the front or back. The speaker grille is seen at the back of the smartphones, while the 3.5mm audio jack sits on the top edge.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Moto C, Moto E4, Lenovo K8 Note Available With Rs. Moto C With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. Moto C, Moto C Plus With Front Flash and Android 7.0 Nougat Launched. Moto C, Moto C Plus, Moto Z2 Force Leaked in Videos; Moto E4, Moto E4 Plus Leaked in Images. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Moto C Plus Price Cut in India With Limited Period Discount. Moto C Plus Now Available for as Low as Rs. Moto C Plus Flipkart Open Sale at 12 Noon Today. Moto C Plus 'Entire Stock' Was Sold Out Within 7 Minutes in First Sale, Says Flipkart. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Mobiles , Moto C Features , Moto C Launch , Moto C Plus Features , Moto C plus Launch , Moto C Plus Price , Moto C Price , Motorola. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. WannaCry Ransomware: West Bengal State Power Company's Computer Hit by Cyber-Attack. Moto C, Moto C Plus With Front Flash and Android 7.0 Nougat Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Motorola Moto C Plus Price in the Philippines and Specification. The Moto C Plus sports a 5 inch display with 1280 x 720 resolution. It features LTE connectivity, 1/2GB of RAM, 16GB of expandable internal memory and a 4000 mAh battery capacity.. 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB, 3GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... with Free Back Cover and Film Protector. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free Cash on Delivery ..., Meet Ups Near or at LRT/MRT... Model :2GB NTC Registered 1 Year Motorola Official Warranty. Model :2GB Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Model :2GB Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Insurance is inclusive of ..., Your order will be ... Free shipping for ..., 2-7 days for delivery. Fast 7 Express in 2-3 ... Php700/1lb for Shipping , 8-13 days for delivery. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in the Philippines Starts from P5,590. The lowest price of Motorola Moto C Plus is P5,590 at Lazada, which is 26% less than the cost of Moto C Plus at Lazada (P7,595).. The latest price of Motorola Moto C Plus was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 10:23.. Video of Motorola Moto C Plus. Motorola’s Moto C and Moto C Plus specifications, comparison. Specs of Motorola Moto C Plus. Nano SIM, Single SIM, Dual SIM. up to 32 GB microSD Card support. Up to 30 hours of battery life. , Typical: 4000 mAh | Minimum: 3780 mAh | Li-poly removable | 10 W charger. 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm. Reviews of Motorola Moto C Plus. User Review : 3 Reviews. Fast charging ang phone na ito at may removable battery. Maganda ang camera kumpara sa Samsung Duos na may 8 ... I just notice that this phone has a nice design very portable to use i have black like this and very good when im ... maganda umaga sa lahat I would say sulit siya na phone kasi naman hindi siya gaanung pricey at maganda na yung ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Motorola Moto C Plus. Magandang araw po sa lahat, gusto ko po sanang malaman kung ano po ba dapat gawin kung may trouble ang email gamit nitong unit? Wala kasi akong natatanggap a mails..minsan naman sa SPAM ito napupunta. Last updated : Feb 8, 2018. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Motorola Moto C Plus Bago pala ito sa Motorola, pwede rin po bang malaman na rin yung presyo nitong gadget? Thank you.. Last updated : Jan 24, 2018. Replies of This topic : 3 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to Motorola Moto C Plus. 5.5 inches, 1280 x 720 pi... 4G (LTE), 3G, 2G, 32GB, 1.... 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 5.0 inches, FWGA (854 x 4... 3G, 4G (LTE), 2G, 16GB, 8.... 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB, 3GB. 5.2 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... Most viewed ranking for Motorola Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
User manual for Motorola Moto C Plus. < Motorola Moto C Plus. © The Motorola Moto C Plus - Android 7.0 manual is property rights of Motorola and has not been modified in any way.. Please select your country and operator below to see Device Guides for your operator.. Please note: Your operator does not offer Device Guides.. Some phones, tablets, guides, settings and other features will be unvavailable or incorrect.. Device Guides is offered to MNOs and MVNOs by Mobilethink / Tweakker. 
Listed Price : 6,999. Motorola Moto C Plus flaunts a 5.0-inch (720 pixels) HD IPS display. Motorola Moto C Plus powered by a MediaTek MT6737 quad-core 64-bit processor clocked at a 1.3GHz paired with a 2GB of RAM, and 16GB internal storage, which can be expanded up to 32GB using a microSD card. On the photography an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 2-megapixel selfie camera. The smartphone runs on Android 7.0 Nougat. Connectivity options include a 4G LTE wth VoLTE support, dual-SIM support, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and GPS.. Processor MediaTek MT6737 Quad-Core 1.3GHz 64-bit Processor. Camera 8 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture. Full Specifications of Motorola Moto C Plus. 4G Network Technology LTE - FDD band 1/3/5/7/8, TDD band 40. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Network Type GSM / WCDMA / LTE. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 32 GB. Processor MediaTek MT6737 Quad-Core 1.3GHz 64-bit Processor. Camera resolution 8 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture. Camera Features Auto Focus, Single LED flash, Burst mode, Panorama, HDR. Secondary Camera 2 MP with ƒ/2.8 aperture, LED flash. Size (L by B by T) 144 * 72.3 * 10 mm. Flipkart 2018 Mobile Bonanza sale: Last day deals and discounts on Apple iPhone SE, Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Google Pixel 2, and more. Motorola sets up Moto Hub in Chennai. Xiaomi Redmi 5A vs Nokia 2 vs Moto C Plus: Price, specifications, features compared. Karbonn Yuva 2 with 5-inch HD display, 2GB RAM listed on company’s website. Nokia 2 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A vs Moto C Plus: Price, specifications, features compared. More on Motorola Moto C Plus. Motorola Moto C Plus Reviews in India. Motorola Moto C Plus Features & Specs. Motorola Moto C Plus Vs Nokia 1280. Motorola Moto C Plus Vs Nokia 2730 classic. Motorola Moto C Plus Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G. Motorola Moto C Plus Vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A. 13,999 Buy Now. 27,999 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Motorola Moto C Plus. Friends please pay attention Please do not buy any Moto C Plus Mobile Do It hurts at it Auto restart when connecting to..... Review on: Motorola Moto C Plus. Baidyanath Barik on Jul 04, 2017. The BEST PHONE IN MY LIFE... THE MAN WHO FIRST BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT... MR BAIDYANATH BARIK(HIGH SCHOOL HEAD MASTER BALASORE ,ODISHA). Staff on Jan 05, 2018 05:22 PM. The Flipkart 2018 Mobile Bonanza sale ends .... PTI on Dec 13, 2017 09:35 AM. This is the first Moto Hub in Southern .... Staff on Nov 30, 2017 02:31 PM. Here's how the freshly launched Xiaomi Redmi 5A fairs .... Staff on Nov 24, 2017 03:55 PM. The price and availability of the Karbonn Yuva 2 is not yet .... Staff on Nov 23, 2017 01:59 PM. Nokia 2 is priced at Rs 6,999 and this is how it fares .... Motorola Moto C Plus Back Cover. Write a Review on Motorola Moto C Plus. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. The Motorola Moto C Plus was first made available for purchase in June 2017. It features a 5” 720P TFT display, which offers a pixel density of ~294 PPI. Under the hood sits a MediaTek MT6737 SoC, which utilises a 1.3 GHz quad-core CPU, a Mali-T720MP2 GPU and either 1 or 2 GB of system RAM (model dependant). The included 16 GB of internal storage can be expanded upon, thanks to the dedicated microSD card slot. The primary camera is capable of capturing images at 8 MP, the secondary at 2 MP. The whole 162g package is powered by a removable 4000mAh battery. Here members are free to browse the existing threads available for the Motorola Moto C Plus, which may include subjects such as ROM development, custom recoveries and rooting guides, or simply request general support for their device.. Threads about Motorola Moto C Plus. [ROM] DotOS-7.1.2 - Motorola Moto C Plus. [GUIDE] [Recovery] Flash TWRP & Root Moto C Plus with locked bootloader. [Recovery] [TWRP] moto c Plus for 1g/16g eu model. 24th February 2018 03:43 PM. 22nd February 2018 09:35 PM. 21st February 2018 10:57 AM. [ROM][PORT] Lineage 14.1 for Motorola Moto C Plus. 20th February 2018 03:16 AM. [ROM] Resurrection Remix_N_for Motorola Moto C Plus. 19th February 2018 09:31 PM. [ROM] ResurrectionRemix -Motorola Moto C Plus -v7.1.2 r36 (Source Build). 19th February 2018 08:54 AM. Lenovo-Motorola Moto C Plus / XT1723 - first touch. 30th January 2018 11:28 PM. 16th December 2017 11:45 AM. moto c plus xt1721 stock rom. 11th December 2017 09:56 AM. Moto C Plus XT 1725 Help. 9th December 2017 09:27 PM. 5th November 2017 01:57 PM. Moto c plus xt1721 android 7.0 frp. 17th October 2017 01:59 AM. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones Motorola Motorola Moto C Plus. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. 73 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Quick Review of Motorola Moto C Plus. It packs in a large 4,000mAh battery It is fitted with a front facing flash. It doesn't have a fingerprint sensor The phone only has 16GB of internal storage. Buy Motorola Moto C Plus In India at These Prices. 6,649 Go to Store Starry Black Rs. 6,899 Go to Store Starry Black - Out of Stock. 6,999 Go to Store Starry Black Rs. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions. Get upto ₹6500 off on exchange. Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Motorola Moto C Plus Full Features & Specifications. / 10 See Better Options Screen Size 5 inch Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 294 PPI Bezel Less No Chipset. / 10 See Better Options Brand MediaTek Processor Speed 1.3GHz Processor MediaTek MT6737 Processor Type Quad-Core RAM 2GB 7. / 10 Graphics Mali-T720 MP2 Camera. / 10 See Better Options Rear Camera Resolution 8MP Dual Rear Camera No Front Camera Resolution 2MP Dual Selfie Camera No Camera Details 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, panorama Video Recording Resolution HD Video Recording (720p) Camera Features Autofocus, LED Flash, Front LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 7.0 Nougat Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type Micro USB Features GPS, FM Radio Sensors Accelerometer Dimensions (mm) 144 x 72.3 x 10 Weight 151 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth, VoLTE (Works with Jio) Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color Fine Gold, Starry Black, Pearl White Build Material Plastic Device Warranty 1 Year Warranty Details 1 Year for Mobile & 6 Months for Accessories In The Box Device, Charger & Cable Separate, SIM Ejector Tool, User Manual Storage. / 10 See Better Options Internal Storage 16GB Card Slot Yes Maximum Card Slot Capacity 32GB Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Nano SIM SIM 1 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Nano SIM SIM 2 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Nano SIM Hybrid SIM (microSD + SIM) No 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G Bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300) Battery. / 10 See Better Options Battery Capacity 4000mAh Battery Type Lithium-Polymer (Li-Po) Removable Battery Yes Wireless Charging No Fast Charging No. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in India. The best price of Motorola Moto C Plus is Rs. You can buy Motorola Moto C Plus on Shopclues and also look through other stores. All mobile prices are in INR & generally valid with EMI & COD in all cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Chennai & Pune. Kindly report any errors in specs of Motorola Moto C Plus. Prices were updated today i.e., 26th February 2018.. Motorola Moto C Plus All Prices. Seller(s) of Motorola Moto C Plus Latest Price Shopclues Rs. Motorola has launched many phones under the C-series and one of the most popular among them is the Moto C Plus. It is a low-budget smartphone and packs in all the necessary features and specifications.. Design-wise, the Moto C Plus looks quite similar to all the other Moto phones. It comes in three different colour options: Fine Gold, Pearl White and Starry Black. In terms of display, the phone fits a 5-inch HD panel with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels. This brings the pixel density to 294PPI which is quite average.. The Moto C Plus flaunts an 8-megapixel camera on the rear which comes with features like HD video recording, autofocus and much more. For selfies and video calling, the phone has a 2-megapixel front camera. Accompanying both the cameras is an LED flash to ensure that low-light photography isn't hampered.. Performance-wise, the phone houses a quad-core MediaTek MT6737 processor clocked at 1.1GHz. It also comes with 2GB of RAM to carry out multi-tasking. The phone runs on stock Android Nougat which ensures there is no bloatware in the operating system. It gets 16GB of internal storage which can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD.. The Moto C Plus packs in a huge 4000mAh removable battery which will definitely last more than a day of average use. Connectivity options in the phone include. Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS/A-GPS, 3.5mm audio jack, and a micro-USB port.. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about the Motorola Moto C Plus:. What type of charging connector do I need? Ans: This phone uses a Micro USB port for data syncing and charging.. Is its battery removable? Ans: No, its battery is not removable.. Will this get further software updates of Android? Ans: Yes, the phone is likely to be updated to Android Oreo in the coming months.. How is the camera for selfies?. Ans: It has a 2MP selfie camera, so you shouldn't expect great selfie images.. Video About Motorola Moto C Plus. Motorola Moto C Plus Price History. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. 4G Mobile Phones Price Top Selling Mobile Phones Price In India Android Mobile Phones Price All Mobiles Price In India Phones Between Rs. 10,000 Price Budget Mobile Phones (Low Cost) Price In India Upcoming Mobile Phones Price Motorola Mobile Phones Price In India Wynncom Phones Price Zen Mobile Phones Price In India. Micromax Bolt Warrior 2 Q4202 Itel it1518 Itel S21 Invens Diamond D2 LG phoenix 3 Itel Wish A41. User Reviews for Motorola Moto C Plus (Total: 8). By Jeril George on July 17, 2017 | Verified Owner. I don't see any fault in this device.. Was this review helpful? 2 0. By Chetan Chanana on August 19, 2017 | Verified Owner. A good budget phone with a stock android like experience. The camera is decent enough given the price range. A little heat up during charging is normal.. * Decent Camera in this price range. * Sometimes hangs while multi tasking * Front camera can be better. Was this review helpful? 1 0. By Anjali Gautam on November 1, 2017 | Verified Owner. A budget phone coming for people who want to get into the Android market but do not have much of a budget houses affordable features for the price range.. Was this review helpful? 1 0. By Jitender Bhati on November 16, 2017. Moto C Plus does not look or feel very premium. The smartphone is constructed out of plastic and is quite chunky and heavy. Optimised software is almost as important to a smartphone's performance as the processor.The problem is that stock Android does not seem to be enough .The front camera also comes with an LED flash which is a rare feature in this price range .. Not that much premium look and plastic body Slow processor. Was this review helpful? 1 0. By Mahiman Sharma on November 26, 2017. Moto C Plus does not look or feel very premium and is quite chunky and heavy There's no fingerprint scanner on the handset which is obvious considering the price it carries. Display had good brightness levels and is pretty sharp.The selfies look good. Super solid battery Latest android version Great selfie camera. Was this review helpful? 0 0. By Nishant Kohli on December 19, 2017. An affordable phone that provides the right features for the right price. The Android OS on the phone is up to date. The battery life is also huge. Camera quality is not good but looking at the price it should not be a complaint.. Was this review helpful? 0 0. Have you used this product? Write a review of Motorola Moto C Plus. 8 Pricebaba users have written their experience with Motorola Moto C Plus. If you own Motorola Moto C Plus, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to Motorola Moto C Plus. Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Moto G6, G6 Plus and G6 Play Fresh Renders Appear; Design, Specs and Pricing .... Moto E5 Leaked: Relocated Fingerprint Sensor. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Similar to Motorola Moto C Plus. Talk about Motorola Moto C Plus, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. 6,649 is the Best Price In India for Motorola Moto C Plus, last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Motorola Motorola Moto C Plus. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Motorola brings you a cheaper product line of C series. Talking about Motorola Moto C plus, it will be available in silver, black, red, and gold color ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only) 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300) Speed HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2017, May Status Available. Released 2017, June Body Dimensions 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm (5.67 x 2.85 x 0.39 in) Weight 162 g (5.71 oz) SIM Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~66.2% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) Multitouch Yes Platform OS Android 7.0 (Nougat) Chipset Mediatek MT6737 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720MP2 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal 16 GB, 1/2 GB RAM Camera Primary 8 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash Features 1.12 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR Video [email. protected] Secondary 2 MP, f/2.8, LED flash Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth 4.2, A2DP, LE, aptX GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio FM radio USB microUSB 2.0 Features Sensors Accelerometer Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP3/eAAC+/WAV/Flac player - MP4/H.264 player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery. Motorola Moto C Plus Video Review. Normally I use it to playing games of Motorola moto c plus because it has the best gaming software who helps me to play it easily without facing any problem. Motorola Moto C Plus the smartphone with the amazing features you definitely want in it so I prefer this with all the good applications I have here. Motorola Moto C Plus the best smartphone with all the functions and has the good rare camera result for capturing the best moments of life. Motorola Moto C Plus the smartphone with the amazing price and has the good specs so you could easily install the applications what’s your favorite. Motorola Moto Plus the perfect smartphone with all the latest functions and has the good specs you ever want to use in this price. Motorola Moto C Plus Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Motorola brings you a cheaper product line of C series. Talking about Motorola Moto C plus , it will be available in silver, black, red, and gold color options. Running on Android Nougat OS, the Moto C plus is well integrated with latest Android functions and features. Moto C Plus by Motorola has packed 4000 mAh massive battery that can be utilized without any fear of re-charging. It supports 4G LTE fastest internet to enjoy faster browsing and live streaming. Motorola Moto C plus brings you an 8 MP back camera equipped with useful features like auto focus and LED flashlight for outstanding photography experience. Clicking selfies is also possible with 2 MP camera of Moto C Plus packed with a bright LED for brighter and shinier images and selfies. Motorola Moto C plus is powerful than its basic model in many ways. Equipped with modest specifications this device is not too costly. The display of Motorola Moto C plus is equipped with 5.0 inches FWVGA touch screen display technology with 720 x 1280 pixels HD resolution. A 64 bit quad core processor is fitted with processing speed of 1.1 GHz runs the phone effectively for long. A 16 GB built in storage is fitted inside Motorola Moto C plus which is accompanied with 1 GB or 2 GB of RAM. A micro SD card slot is also provided so you can expand the internal storage further according to your preferences. Access the Motorola Moto C plus price in Pakistan updated online on this page.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Pack of 2 - Silicone TPU Ca .. Samsung Note 3 Pattern Desi .. USB Cable For iPhone 5 & 6 .. Pack of 2 - Jelly Case & Te .. 
Home › Motorola › Moto C Plus Motorola Moto C Plus - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Motorola Moto C Plus List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Motorola Moto C Plus Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 2. Dimensions : 72.3 x 144 x 10 mm Weight : 162 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1 GB, 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Motorola Model Moto C Plus Model alias XT1723 XT1724 XT1725 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 72.3 mm (millimeters) 7.23 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.85 in (inches) Height 144 mm (millimeters) 14.4 cm (centimeters) 0.47 ft (feet) 5.67 in (inches) Thickness 10 mm (millimeters) 1 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.39 in (inches) Weight 162 g (grams) 0.36 lbs (pounds) 5.71 oz (ounces) Volume 104.11 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.32 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Gold Red Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 850 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) LTE-TDD 2600 MHz (B38) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 66.41 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 3.5 mm (millimeters) Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Pixel size - 1.12 μm Wide-angle lens - 71° Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.8 Flash type LED Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Pixel size - 1.0 μm Wide-angle lens - 63° Continuous shooting HDR Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering VoLTE Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 4000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer 2G talk time 30 h (hours) 1800 min (minutes) 1.3 days 3G talk time 30 h (hours) 1800 min (minutes) 1.3 days Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 2 A (amps) Features Removable Battery model: HC60 Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (USA) 0.736 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 1.25 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Standard Edition. Dimensions : 72.3 x 144 x 10 mm Weight : 162 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Thuiswinkel Waarborg Trustpilot 5 sterren Gratis verzending. Klantenservice Mijn GSMpunt. Samsung Galaxy S9 serie Galaxy S9 Galaxy S9 Plus Galaxy S8 serie Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8 Plus Galaxy S7 serie Galaxy S7 Galaxy S7 Edge Galaxy S6 serie Galaxy S6 Galaxy S6 Edge Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Galaxy S5 serie Galaxy S5 Galaxy S5 Neo Galaxy S5 Active Galaxy S5 Mini Galaxy S5 Plus Galaxy S3/S4 serie Galaxy S3 Galaxy S3 Neo Galaxy S3 Mini Galaxy S4 Galaxy S4 VE Galaxy S4 Active Galaxy S4 mini Galaxy A serie Galaxy A3 Galaxy A3 2016 Galaxy A3 2017 Galaxy A5 Galaxy A5 2016 Galaxy A5 2017 Galaxy A7 Galaxy A7 2016 Galaxy A8 2018 Galaxy J serie Galaxy J1 Galaxy J1 2016 Galaxy J3 Galaxy J3 2016 Galaxy J3 2017 Galaxy J5 Galaxy J5 2016 Galaxy J5 2017 Galaxy J7 2016 Galaxy J7 2017 Galaxy Note serie Galaxy Note 8 Galaxy Note 4 Galaxy Note Edge Galaxy Note 3 Galaxy Note 3 Neo Galaxy Xcover serie Galaxy Xcover 4 Galaxy Xcover 3 Galaxy Tab serie Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) Galaxy Tab A 9.7 Galaxy Tab S3 Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 Galaxy Tab E 9.6 Alle Samsung modellen Apple iPhone X iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone SE iPhone 6 serie iPhone 6S iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 5 serie iPhone 5S iPhone 5C iPhone 5 iPhone 4 serie iPhone 4S iPhone 4 iPad iPad (2017) iPad Pro iPad Pro 9.7 iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) iPad Air 2 iPad Air iPad 4 iPad 3 iPad 2 iPad 1 iPad Mini 4 iPad Mini 3 iPad Mini 2 iPad Mini Alle Apple modellen Huawei Huawei P10 serie Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Lite Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P9 serie Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Lite Huawei P9 Plus Huawei P8 serie Huawei P8 Huawei P8 Lite 2017 Huawei P8 Lite Huawei P8 Max Huawei Y serie Huawei Y7 2017 Huawei Y6 Pro 2017 Huawei Y6 II Compact Huawei Y6 2017 Huawei Y6 II Huawei Y5 2017 Huawei Y5 II Huawei Y3 2017 Huawei Y3 II Huawei Y3 Huawei Mate serie Huawei Mate 10 Lite Huawei Mate 10 Pro Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 7 Huawei P Smart Huawei Nexus 6P Alle Huawei modellen Sony Xperia XZ serie Xperia XZ1 Xperia XZ1 Compact Xperia XZs Xperia XZ Xperia XZ Premium Xperia XA serie Xperia XA1 Xperia XA1 Ultra Xperia XA Xperia X serie Xperia X Xperia X Compact Xperia X performance Xperia Z5 serie Xperia Z5 Xperia Z5 Compact Xperia Z5 Premium Xperia Z3 serie Xperia Z3 Xperia Z3 Compact Xperia L1 Alle Xperia modellen LG LG G Serie LG G6 LG G5 LG G4 LG G4 Stylus LG G4s LG G4c LG G3 LG K Serie LG K3 LG K4 LG K4 2017 LG K8 LG K8 2017 LG K10 LG K10 2017 LG X Serie LG X Power2 LG X Power LG X Screen LG Q6 LG V30 LG Nexus 5X LG Nexus 5 LG Stylus 2 Alle LG modellen Nokia Nokia 8 Nokia 6 Nokia 5 Nokia 3 Nokia 2 Nokia 3310 (2017) Alle Nokia modellen Motorola Moto G5 serie Moto G5s Moto G5s Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto G4 serie Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto E serie Moto E4 Moto E4 Plus Moto E3 Moto E 2015 Moto C serie Moto C Moto C Plus Moto Z2 Play Moto G 3rd Gen Alle Motorola modellen HTC HTC U11 HTC U11 Plus HTC U Ultra HTC U Play HTC 10 HTC M9 HTC M8 HTC M8s HTC One (M7) Alle HTC modellen OnePlus OnePlus 5T OnePlus 5 OnePlus 3T OnePlus 3 OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Alle OnePlus modellen Microsoft Overige merken Nokia Motorola HTC OnePlus Microsoft Alcatel Acer Honor Wiko Blackberry Lenovo Razer Asus Wileyfox Google Xiaomi ZTE Vodafone General Mobile Alle producten Hoesjes Batterijen Screen Protectors Opladers Houders Kabels Geheugenkaarten Alle accessoires Telefoons Tablets Home Accessoires Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesjes. Hoesjes Screen Protectors Opladers Bluetooth Headsets Bluetooth Speakers Carkits Kabels Geheugenkaarten Gereedschap Headsets Houders Stylus Pennen Universele Producten. Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesjes Het beste Motorola Moto C Plus hoesje Bescherm uw Motorola Moto C Plus! Motorola Moto C Plus case, cover of hoesje Moto C Plus wallet case, flip case of backcover? Eigen stijl Moto C Plus hoesje Eenvoudig uw Motorola Moto C Plus hoesje vinden. Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes vindt u snel en eenvoudig op deze pagina. Niemand zit te wachten op een toestel vol krassen of barsten. Vooral niet wanneer u net een nieuwe Motorola Moto C Plus heeft aangeschaft. Om uw toestel zo goed mogelijk te beschermen, vindt u bij ons een divers assortiment Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes. Maak gebruik van de handige filters om snel het beste Motorola Moto C Plus hoesje te vinden.. Javascript is uitgeschakeld in uw browser, filters zijn daarom niet functioneel!. Filter op Prijs laag - hoog Prijs hoog - laag Populariteit. Selecteer hier binnen welke prijs-klasse u wilt zoeken. Back Cover (9) Book Case (16) Flip Case (2) Insteekhoesje (6) Riemclip Case (2). Materiaal Materiaal Van welk materiaal is het product gemaakt?. Hard Plastic (4) Kunstleer (16) Leer (9) TPU (24). 1 (4) 2 (9) 3 (4) Nee (18). Ja (1) Nee (34). Krusell (1) Motorola (2) Overige merken (23) Rosso (4) Spigen (1) Valenta (4). Op voorraad (34) 3-6 werkdagen (1). Andere Accessoires Hoesjes Screen Protectors Opladers Bluetooth Headsets Bluetooth Speakers Carkits Kabels Geheugenkaarten Gereedschap Headsets Houders Stylus Pennen Universele Producten Populaire telefoons Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy S7 Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone X Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Apple iPhone 6S Apple iPhone SE Huawei P Smart Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Apple iPhone 8 Plus Huawei P10 Lite Nieuwste telefoons Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime Wiko U Pulse Lite Razer Phone Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Wiko U Pulse Sony Xperia L2 Honor 8 Pro Honor 7X Huawei P Smart Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Samsung Galaxy S9 Honor View 10 Alcatel U5 HD Wiko Tommy 2. Alle Hoesjes Back covers Book cases & flip cases Insteekhoesjes. 1 - 35 van 35 | Per pagina 60 Alle. Prijs laag - hoog Prijs hoog - laag Populariteit. Rosso Element Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Book Cover Zwart. Rosso Element Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Book Cover Zwart. Dit unieke Rosso hoesje biedt uw Motorola Moto C Plus bescherming in stijl. Prachtig vervaardigd uit een getextureerd kunstlederen materiaal, biedt de Rosso Element wallet case een tijdloos design en ruimte voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus en drie pasjes.. Rosso | Book Case | Zwart | Kunstleer. Dit product is op voorraad. Robuust Hybride Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Rood. Robuust Hybride Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Rood. Een hoesje biedt de perfecte manier om uw toestel een persoonlijk tintje te geven. Deze Hybrid backcover heeft een stoer uiterlijk. Deze robuuste uitstraling komt mede door de hybride constructie. Deze constructie zorgt ervoor dat uw Motorola Moto C Plus beschermd is tegen alledaagse beschadigingen.. Back Cover | Rood | Hard Plastic | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Zwart. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Zwart. Het Motorola Moto C Geborsteld TPU Hoesje is een modern ogende, flexibele case voor uw smartphone. Het hoesje biedt naast een uitstekende bescherming een moderne look met een carbon print.. Back Cover | Zwart | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Rosso Element Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Book Cover Bruin. Rosso Element Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Book Cover Bruin. Dit unieke Rosso hoesje biedt uw Motorola Moto C Plus bescherming in stijl. Prachtig vervaardigd uit een getextureerd kunstlederen materiaal, biedt de Rosso Element wallet case een tijdloos design en ruimte voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus en drie pasjes.. Rosso | Book Case | Bruin | Kunstleer. Dit product is op voorraad. Robuust Hybride Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Blauw. Robuust Hybride Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Blauw. Een hoesje biedt de perfecte manier om uw toestel een persoonlijk tintje te geven. Deze Hybrid backcover heeft een stoer uiterlijk. Deze robuuste uitstraling komt mede door de hybride constructie. Deze constructie zorgt ervoor dat uw Motorola Moto C Plus beschermd is tegen alledaagse beschadigingen.. Back Cover | Blauw | Hard Plastic | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Echt Leren Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Zwart. Echt Leren Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Zwart. Bescherm uw Motorola Moto C Plus optimaal met dit echt lederen hoesje. Dit lederen Motorola Moto C Plus hoesje biedt naast bescherming ook extra functionaliteit door o.a. ruimte voor pasjes te bieden en een handige ingebouwd standaard. De fijne afwerking van het hoesje maakt ook dat het opgewassen is tegen een stootje en u van een lange levensduur kunt genieten.. Book Case | Zwart | Leer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Fleurige Boom Print. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Fleurige Boom Print. Uw Motorola Moto C Plus is goed beschermd met dit portemonnee hoesje. Het hoesje heeft een leuke print waarmee u uw toestel een persoonlijk tintje kunt geven. Daarnaast is dit portemonnee hoesje ook erg functioneel. Het hoesje heeft ruimte voor pasjes en is als standaard te gebruiken als u een video wilt kijken op uw Motorola Moto C Plus.. Book Case | Geel | Groen | Wit | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Spigen Velo A600 Universeel Waterbestendig Hoesje. Spigen Velo A600 Universeel Waterbestendig Hoesje. Bescherm uw smartphone tegen water met dit Spigen Universeel Waterbestendig Hoesje. Dit Spigen hoesje is een compact zakje dat waterbestendig is. U kunt uw smartphone dus veilig bewaren als u bijvoorbeeld gaat varen.. Het hoesje heeft een IPX8 certificering voor waterdichtheid. De goede sluiting zorgt ervoor dat er geen kier overblijft.. Spigen | Insteekhoesje | Transparant | Zwart | Hard Plastic. Dit product is op voorraad. Robuust Hybride Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Zwart. Robuust Hybride Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Zwart. Een hoesje biedt de perfecte manier om uw toestel een persoonlijk tintje te geven. Deze Hybrid backcover heeft een stoer uiterlijk. Deze robuuste uitstraling komt mede door de hybride constructie. Deze constructie zorgt ervoor dat uw Motorola Moto C Plus beschermd is tegen alledaagse beschadigingen.. Back Cover | Zwart | Hard Plastic | TPU. Levertijd: 3 tot 6 werkdagen!. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Groene Boom Print. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Groene Boom Print. Uw Motorola Moto C Plus is goed beschermd met dit portemonnee hoesje. Het hoesje heeft een leuke print waarmee u uw toestel een persoonlijk tintje kunt geven. Daarnaast is dit portemonnee hoesje ook erg functioneel. Het hoesje heeft ruimte voor pasjes en is als standaard te gebruiken als u een video wilt kijken op uw Motorola Moto C Plus.. Book Case | Groen | Wit | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Transparant Hoesje. Motorola Moto C Plus Transparant Hoesje. Dit transparante hoesje is een op maat gemaakte back cover voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus Het hoesje is vervaardigd uit rekbaar TPU materiaal, hierdoor biedt het een goede bescherming voor uw Moto C Plus. Doordat het hoesje doorzichtig is, blijft het mooie design van uw Motorola Moto C Plus behouden.. Back Cover | Transparant | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Retro Portemonnee Hoesje Grijs. Motorola Moto C Plus Retro Portemonnee Hoesje Grijs. Dit Retro Portemonnee Hoesje voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus is vervaardigd uit meerdere materialen. De binnenzijde bevat een TPU binnenframe waar u uw Motorola Moto C Plus gemakkelijk in kunt klikken.. Book Case | Grijs | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Eiffeltoren Print. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Eiffeltoren Print. Uw Motorola Moto C Plus is goed beschermd met dit portemonnee hoesje. Het hoesje heeft een leuke print waarmee u uw toestel een persoonlijk tintje kunt geven. Daarnaast is dit portemonnee hoesje ook erg functioneel. Het hoesje heeft ruimte voor pasjes en is als standaard te gebruiken als u een video wilt kijken op uw Motorola Moto C Plus.. Book Case | Bruin | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Retro Portemonnee Hoesje Bruin. Motorola Moto C Plus Retro Portemonnee Hoesje Bruin. Dit Retro Portemonnee Hoesje voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus is vervaardigd uit meerdere materialen. De binnenzijde bevat een TPU binnenframe waar u uw Motorola Moto C Plus gemakkelijk in kunt klikken.. Book Case | Bruin | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Rode Boom Print. Motorola Moto C Plus Portemonnee Hoesje met Rode Boom Print. Uw Motorola Moto C Plus is goed beschermd met dit portemonnee hoesje. Het hoesje heeft een leuke print waarmee u uw toestel een persoonlijk tintje kunt geven. Daarnaast is dit portemonnee hoesje ook erg functioneel. Het hoesje heeft ruimte voor pasjes en is als standaard te gebruiken als u een video wilt kijken op uw Motorola Moto C Plus.. Book Case | Rood | Wit | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Blauw. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Blauw. Het Motorola Moto C Geborsteld TPU Hoesje is een modern ogende, flexibele case voor uw smartphone. Het hoesje biedt naast een uitstekende bescherming een moderne look met een carbon print.. Back Cover | Blauw | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Grijs. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Grijs. Deze Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus is vervaardigd uit meerdere sterke materialen. Zoals de naam al aangeeft is de buitenzijde vervaardigd uit hoogwaardig kunstleer met een linnen textuur voor stijl en bescherming. De binnenzijde bestaat uit een TPU frame waar u uw Motorola Moto C Plus gemakkelijk in kunt klikken.. Book Case | Grijs | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Echt Leren Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Bruin. Echt Leren Motorola Moto C Plus Hoesje Bruin. Bescherm uw Motorola Moto C Plus optimaal met dit echt lederen hoesje. Dit lederen Motorola Moto C Plus hoesje biedt naast bescherming ook extra functionaliteit door o.a. ruimte voor pasjes te bieden en een handige ingebouwd standaard. De fijne afwerking van het hoesje maakt ook dat het opgewassen is tegen een stootje en u van een lange levensduur kunt genieten.. Book Case | Bruin | Leer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Blauw. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Blauw. Deze Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus is vervaardigd uit meerdere sterke materialen. Zoals de naam al aangeeft is de buitenzijde vervaardigd uit hoogwaardig kunstleer met een linnen textuur voor stijl en bescherming. De binnenzijde bestaat uit een TPU frame waar u uw Motorola Moto C Plus gemakkelijk in kunt klikken.. Book Case | Blauw | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Retro Portemonnee Hoesje Blauw. Motorola Moto C Plus Retro Portemonnee Hoesje Blauw. Dit Retro Portemonnee Hoesje voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus is vervaardigd uit meerdere materialen. De binnenzijde bevat een TPU binnenframe waar u uw Motorola Moto C Plus gemakkelijk in kunt klikken.. Book Case | Blauw | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Flip Hoesje Verticaal Zwart. Motorola Moto C Plus Flip Hoesje Verticaal Zwart. Op zoek naar een hoesje dat uw Motorola Moto C Plus beschermt? Dit Verticaal Flip Hoesje biedt u deze optie!. Flip Case | Zwart | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Rood. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Rood. Het Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje is een modern ogende, flexibele case voor uw smartphone. Het hoesje biedt naast een uitstekende bescherming een moderne look met een carbon print.. Back Cover | Rood | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Bruin. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Bruin. Deze Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus is vervaardigd uit meerdere sterke materialen. Zoals de naam al aangeeft is de buitenzijde vervaardigd uit hoogwaardig kunstleer met een linnen textuur voor stijl en bescherming. De binnenzijde bestaat uit een TPU frame waar u uw Motorola Moto C Plus gemakkelijk in kunt klikken.. Book Case | Bruin | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Donkergrijs. Motorola Moto C Plus Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje Donkergrijs. Deze Linnen Portemonnee Hoesje voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus is vervaardigd uit meerdere sterke materialen. Zoals de naam al aangeeft is de buitenzijde vervaardigd uit hoogwaardig kunstleer met een linnen textuur voor stijl en bescherming. De binnenzijde bestaat uit een TPU frame waar u uw Motorola Moto C Plus gemakkelijk in kunt klikken.. Book Case | Grijs | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Originele Motorola Moto C Plus Flip Cover Goud. Originele Motorola Moto C Plus Flip Cover Goud. Met deze originele Motorola Flip Cover kunt u uw Moto C Plus beschermen tegen krassen, deukjes en andere vormen van schade. Het flip ontwerp van dit hoesje zorgt dat niet alleen de behuizing van uw toestel beschermd wordt, maar ook het scherm. De flip zorgt dat u uw scherm krasvrij houdt.. Motorola | Book Case | Goud | Kunstleer. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Grijs. Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje Grijs. Het Motorola Moto C Plus Geborsteld TPU Hoesje is een modern ogende, flexibele case voor uw smartphone. Het hoesje biedt naast een uitstekende bescherming een moderne look met een carbon print.. Back Cover | Grijs | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Motorola Moto C Plus Flip Hoesje Verticaal Bruin. Motorola Moto C Plus Flip Hoesje Verticaal Bruin. Op zoek naar een hoesje dat uw Motorola Moto C Plus beschermt? Dit Verticaal Flip Hoesje biedt u deze optie!. Flip Case | Bruin | Kunstleer | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Origineel Motorola Moto C Plus Transparant Hoesje. Origineel Motorola Moto C Plus Transparant Hoesje. Dit transparante hoesje is een op maat gemaakte back cover voor uw Motorola Moto C Plus. Het hoesje is vervaardigd uit rekbaar TPU materiaal, hierdoor biedt het een goede bescherming voor uw Moto C Plus. Doordat het hoesje doorzichtig is, blijft het mooie design van uw Motorola Moto C Plus behouden.. Motorola | Back Cover | Transparant | TPU. Dit product is op voorraad. Rosso Select Insteek Hoesje Echt Leer Pasjes Bruin. Rosso Select Insteek Hoesje Echt Leer Pasjes Bruin. Het Rosso Select Insteek Hoesje is een functionele telefoonhoes met een unieke uitstraling. Het is vervaardigd uit echt top grain leer van hoge kwaliteit dat na gebruik meer charme en karakter krijgt. Een slimme sluiting en het extra vakje voor pasjes en briefgeld maakt dit hoesje helemaal af.. Rosso | Insteekhoesje | Bruin | Leer. Dit product is op voorraad. Valenta Lucca Pouch XXL Insteekhoesje Leer Bruin. Valenta Lucca Pouch XXL Insteekhoesje Leer Bruin. Dit slanke Lucca pouch hoesje van Valenta combineert hoogwaardig lederen materiaal met een praktisch en stijlvol design. De handige sluiting van de pouch heeft een dubbele functie, waarbij het ook gebruikt kan worden als trekkoord om uw toestel eenvoudig uit het hoesje te halen. Biedt uw telefoon dus de bescherming die het verdient met dit stijlvolle Valenta Lucca Pouch hoesje.. Valenta | Insteekhoesje | Bruin | Leer. Dit product is op voorraad. Valenta Arezzo Riemclip Hoesje Leer Zwart 5XL. Valenta Arezzo Riemclip Hoesje Leer Zwart 5XL. Deze Arezzo Lederen hoes van Valenta is een stijlvolle case voor uw telefoon, die u eenvoudig bevestigd aan uw broekriem. De stevige en slimme constructie van duurzaam leer zorgt er voor dat uw toestel altijd optimaal beschermd en binnen handbereik is.. Valenta | Riemclip Case | Zwart | Leer. Dit product is op voorraad. Valenta Lucca Pouch XXL Insteekhoesje Leer Vintage Bruin. Valenta Lucca Pouch XXL Insteekhoesje Leer Vintage Bruin. Dit slanke Lucca pouch insteekhoesje van Valenta combineert hoogwaardig lederen materiaal met een praktisch en stijlvol design. De handige sluiting van de pouch heeft een dubbele functie, waarbij het ook gebruikt kan worden als trekkoord om uw toestel eenvoudig uit het insteekhoesje te halen.. Valenta | Insteekhoesje | Bruin | Leer. Dit product is op voorraad. Valenta Lucca Pouch XXL Insteekhoesje Leer Zwart. Valenta Lucca Pouch XXL Insteekhoesje Leer Zwart. Dit slanke Lucca pouch hoesje van Valenta combineert hoogwaardig lederen materiaal met een praktisch en stijlvol design. De handige sluiting van de pouch heeft een dubbele functie, waarbij het ook gebruikt kan worden als trekkoord om uw toestel eenvoudig uit het hoesje te halen. Biedt uw telefoon dus de bescherming die het verdient met dit stijlvolle Valenta Lucca Pouch hoesje.. Valenta | Insteekhoesje | Zwart | Leer. Dit product is op voorraad. Rosso Select Insteek Hoesje Echt Leer Pasjes Zwart. Rosso Select Insteek Hoesje Echt Leer Pasjes Zwart. Het Rosso Select Insteek Hoesje is een functionele telefoonhoes met een unieke uitstraling. Het is vervaardigd uit echt top grain leer van hoge kwaliteit dat na gebruik meer charme en karakter krijgt. Een slimme sluiting en het extra vakje voor pasjes en briefgeld maakt dit hoesje helemaal af.. Rosso | Insteekhoesje | Zwart | Leer. Dit product is op voorraad. Krusell Hector Case 3XL - Zwart. Krusell Hector Case 3XL - Zwart. Bied uw toestel bescherming met deze zwarte Krusell Hector. Deze pouch heeft een stijlvol lederen uiterlijk en is te bevestigen aan uw broekriem, dankzij de handige lussen waarover deze case beschikt. Natuurlijk is bij deze zwarte Krusell Hector ook goed nagedacht over de sluiting en is het vervaardigd van de beste materialen.. Krusell | Riemclip Case | Zwart | Leer. Dit product is op voorraad. Wist u dat wij binnen ons assortiment meer dan 10.000 verschillende telefoonhoesjes hebben? Voor vrijwel iedere telefoon en tablet hebben wij op maat gemaakte hoesjes. Daarbij mogen Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes uiteraard niet ontbreken! Middels een stoer/lief/leuk/fraai hoesje maakt u uw telefoon helemaal eigen. Een hoesje is de perfecte accessoires om uw Motorola Moto C Plus een persoonlijk tintje te geven en biedt goede bescherming tegen schade.. De Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes binnen ons assortiment zijn te verkrijgen in diverse prijsklassen en van een groot aantal bekende merken. Bij ons bent u dus ook aan het juiste adres voor een goedkoop Moto C Plus hoesje. Ons brede assortiment zorgt ervoor dat u altijd een hoesje zult vinden dat bij u past. Zo profiteert u bij GSMpunt altijd van een zeer goede prijs/kwaliteitverhouding als het om Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes gaat!. We doen alles met onze telefoon. De tijd dat we enkel belden met onze telefoons ligt achter ons en bij veel dagelijkse handelingen halen we voordeel uit de ontelbare mogelijkheden die telefoons tegenwoordig bieden. Daardoor is niets vervelender dan wanneer bijvoorbeeld het scherm van een smartphone gebarsten is. Voorkom dat uw Motorola Moto C Plus beschadigd raakt en verleng de levensduur van uw telefoon middels een bijpassend telefoonhoesje.. Uiteraard gebruikt iedereen zijn telefoon op een geheel andere manier en in compleet andere situaties. Daarom vindt u bij ons veel verschillende type Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes. Bij het selecteren van een hoesje is het dus belangrijk om goed van te voren te bepalen waar u het toestel voor wilt beschermen. Wilt u uw telefoon alleen beschermen tegen krassen, dan is de relatief simpele bescherming van een hard plastieken back cover voldoende. Wilt u uw Motorola Moto C Plus liever beter beschermen, dan is een flip cover, full protect of waterdichte cover wellicht een betere keuze.. Vaak horen we dat mensen op zoek zijn naar een Moto C Plus case, cover of hoesje. Maar wat is nou eigenlijk het verschil? Het is maar net hoe jij het wil noemen. Er is niet echt een richtlijn voor het gebruik van de namen. Bij cover wordt snel gerefereerd aan een backcover om de achterkant te beschermen. Case wordt eerder gebruikt bij hoesjes als een flip case of een book case.. In ons assortiment vindt u veel verschillende soorten cases, covers en hoesjes voor de Motorola Moto C Plus. Zo vindt u bijvoorbeeld een wallet case, book case, flipcase, flipcover of backcover voor de Moto C Plus. Vaak krijgen we de vraag welke van deze cases de beste bescherming biedt. Dit hangt natuurlijk af van de situatie waarin de case wordt gebruikt. In een handtas kan het bijvoorbeeld erg handig zijn om een book of wallet case te gebruiken. Voor mensen die de Moto C Plus voornamelijk gebruiken in de thuis of werk omgeving kan een transparante siliconen of tpu Moto C Plus backcover of bumper weer de perfecte uitkomst zijn. Elk type case kan jouw Motorola Moto C Plus beschermen, het is precies wat jij in een hoesje zoekt!. Een hoesje zorgt niet alleen meer voor bescherming, het is ook een fashion item geworden. Door een zwart, gouden, transparant of gekleurd hoesje om de Moto C Plus te gebruiken maakt u het toestel meer eigen. Vaak zien we tegenwoordig dat een hoesje bij de outfit moet passen, of de kleur moet matchen met de handtas van leer. Andere mensen willen liever een hardcase met een leuke print er op.. Het grote aanbod Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes kan overweldigend lijken. Gelukkig is het bij ons eenvoudig om de beste Motorola Moto C Plus hoes te vinden dat bij u past. Zo kunt u onder meer gebruik maken van de handige filters op deze pagina. De filters maken het mogelijk om het assortiment te filteren op type, materiaal, merk, kleur, levertijd en nog veel meer. Mocht u vragen hebben over de Motorola Moto C Plus hoesjes binnen ons assortiment? Aarzel dan niet om even contact met onze klantenservice op te nemen.. Opladers iPhone 8 hoesjes Ringke Hoesjes Hoesjes Bekijk alle merken. Klantenservice Bedrijfsgegevens Over GSMpunt.nl Contact GSMpunt zakelijk. Mijn GSMpunt Bestelhistorie Facturen Blog. Facebook Twitter Nieuwsbrief Google Plus. Blijf op de hoogte van aanbiedingen en nieuws, door u hier aan te melden voor onze nieuwsbrief!. Thuiswinkel Waarborg iDEAL PayPal Bancontact CreditCard. Algemene voorwaarden - Cookies - Sitemap © 2018 - GSMpunt B.V.. Score van GSMpunt.nl 9.4 / 10 - 3.632 beoordelingen. × Samsung Terug Galaxy S9 serie Terug Galaxy S9 Galaxy S9 Plus Galaxy S8 serie Terug Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8 Plus Galaxy S7 serie Terug Galaxy S7 Galaxy S7 Edge Galaxy S6 serie Terug Galaxy S6 Galaxy S6 Edge Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Galaxy S5 serie Terug Galaxy S5 Galaxy S5 Neo Galaxy S5 Active Galaxy S5 Mini Galaxy S5 Plus Galaxy S3/S4 serie Terug Galaxy S3 Galaxy S3 Neo Galaxy S3 Mini Galaxy S4 Galaxy S4 VE Galaxy S4 Active Galaxy S4 mini Galaxy A serie Terug Galaxy A3 Galaxy A3 2016 Galaxy A3 2017 Galaxy A5 Galaxy A5 2016 Galaxy A5 2017 Galaxy A7 Galaxy A7 2016 Galaxy A8 2018 Galaxy J serie Terug Galaxy J1 Galaxy J1 2016 Galaxy J3 Galaxy J3 2016 Galaxy J3 2017 Galaxy J5 Galaxy J5 2016 Galaxy J5 2017 Galaxy J7 2016 Galaxy J7 2017 Galaxy Note serie Terug Galaxy Note 8 Galaxy Note 4 Galaxy Note Edge Galaxy Note 3 Galaxy Note 3 Neo Galaxy Xcover serie Terug Galaxy Xcover 4 Galaxy Xcover 3 Galaxy Tab serie Terug Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) Galaxy Tab A 9.7 Galaxy Tab S3 Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 Galaxy Tab E 9.6 Alle Samsung modellen Apple Terug iPhone X iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone SE iPhone 6 serie Terug iPhone 6S iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 5 serie Terug iPhone 5S iPhone 5C iPhone 5 iPhone 4 serie Terug iPhone 4S iPhone 4 iPad Terug iPad (2017) iPad Pro iPad Pro 9.7 iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) iPad Air 2 iPad Air iPad 4 iPad 3 iPad 2 iPad 1 iPad Mini 4 iPad Mini 3 iPad Mini 2 iPad Mini Alle Apple modellen Huawei Terug Huawei P10 serie Terug Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Lite Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P9 serie Terug Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Lite Huawei P9 Plus Huawei P8 serie Terug Huawei P8 Huawei P8 Lite 2017 Huawei P8 Lite Huawei P8 Max Huawei Y serie Terug Huawei Y7 2017 Huawei Y6 Pro 2017 Huawei Y6 II Compact Huawei Y6 2017 Huawei Y6 II Huawei Y5 2017 Huawei Y5 II Huawei Y3 2017 Huawei Y3 II Huawei Y3 Huawei Mate serie Terug Huawei Mate 10 Lite Huawei Mate 10 Pro Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 7 Huawei P Smart Huawei Nexus 6P Alle Huawei modellen Sony Terug Xperia XZ serie Terug Xperia XZ1 Xperia XZ1 Compact Xperia XZs Xperia XZ Xperia XZ Premium Xperia XA serie Terug Xperia XA1 Xperia XA1 Ultra Xperia XA Xperia X serie Terug Xperia X Xperia X Compact Xperia X performance Xperia Z5 serie Terug Xperia Z5 Xperia Z5 Compact Xperia Z5 Premium Xperia Z3 serie Terug Xperia Z3 Xperia Z3 Compact Xperia L1 Alle Xperia modellen LG Terug LG G Serie Terug LG G6 LG G5 LG G4 LG G4 Stylus LG G4s LG G4c LG G3 LG K Serie Terug LG K3 LG K4 LG K4 2017 LG K8 LG K8 2017 LG K10 LG K10 2017 LG X Serie Terug LG X Power2 LG X Power LG X Screen LG Q6 LG V30 LG Nexus 5X LG Nexus 5 LG Stylus 2 Alle LG modellen Nokia Terug Nokia 8 Nokia 6 Nokia 5 Nokia 3 Nokia 2 Nokia 3310 (2017) Alle Nokia modellen Motorola Terug Moto G5 serie Terug Moto G5s Moto G5s Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto G4 serie Terug Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto E serie Terug Moto E4 Moto E4 Plus Moto E3 Moto E 2015 Moto C serie Terug Moto C Moto C Plus Moto Z2 Play Moto G 3rd Gen Alle Motorola modellen HTC Terug HTC U11 HTC U11 Plus HTC U Ultra HTC U Play HTC 10 HTC M9 HTC M8 HTC M8s HTC One (M7) Alle HTC modellen OnePlus Terug OnePlus 5T OnePlus 5 OnePlus 3T OnePlus 3 OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Alle OnePlus modellen Microsoft Overige merken Terug Nokia Motorola HTC OnePlus Microsoft Alcatel Acer Honor Wiko Blackberry Lenovo Razer Asus Wileyfox Google Xiaomi ZTE Vodafone General Mobile Alle producten Terug Hoesjes Batterijen Screen Protectors Opladers Houders Kabels Geheugenkaarten Alle accessoires Telefoons Tablets Bedrijfsgegevens Contact Mijn GSMpunt. × Er is een fout opgetreden.. 
Nokia 1 Android Oreo (Go Edition) with 1GB RAM, 4G VoLTE announced for $85. LG V30S ThinQ with 6GB RAM, SD 835 SoC and Vision AI announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 images and specs leaked, to feature 18:9 Full-Screen Display, SD 845 SoC. Now you can only update your address on Aadhaar Card online, rest at Enrollment centres. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ teased on Flipkart, pre-order starts from 25 Feb in India. Display : 5 inch HD Screen. CPU : 1.3GHz Quad-core MediaTek MT6737. Colors : Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Black. Motorola Moto C Plus - Specs. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm. Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. 5 inch HD Screen, 294 ppi pixel density. IPS LCD display protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. 8 Megapixel with dual LED flash. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA,. FDD LTE : B1(2100), B3(1800), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B20(800). The overall rating is based on review by our experts. Motorola Moto C Plus - Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Nokia 1 Android Oreo (Go Edition) with 1GB RAM, 4G VoLTE announced for $85. Feb 26, 2018 | Android , News , Nokia. LG V30S ThinQ with 6GB RAM, SD 835 SoC and Vision AI announced. Feb 25, 2018 | Android , LG , News. Sony Xperia XZ2 images and specs leaked, to feature 18:9 Full-Screen Display, SD 845 SoC. Feb 24, 2018 | Android , News , Sony. Now you can only update your address on Aadhaar Card online, rest at Enrollment centres. Feb 23, 2018 | News. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ teased on Flipkart, pre-order starts from 25 Feb in India. Feb 22, 2018 | Android , Flipkart , News , Samsung. Best Way To Monitor Your Kids From Getting Into Trouble. Feb 22, 2018 | News. Nokia 1 Android Oreo (Go Edition) with 1GB RAM, 4G VoLTE announced for $85. LG V30S ThinQ with 6GB RAM, SD 835 SoC and Vision AI announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 images and specs leaked, to feature 18:9 Full-Screen Display, SD 845 SoC. © 2013-2017 MakTechBlog - All Rights Reserved. Share this post with your friends!. 
Trending Hot Popular About Privacy Policy Contact Us. Gadgets Cars Bikes Robotics Technology Architecture Military Tech BioMedical DIY Projects News. Trending Hot Popular About Privacy Policy Contact Us. Gadgets Cars Bikes Robotics Technology Architecture Military Tech BioMedical DIY Projects News. 10 Best Cases For Motorola Moto C Plus. 7 months ago 7 months ago. Kwmobile Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($9.90). Fincibo Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($3.99). Wellci Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.93). SunRemex Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.99). CoverOn Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.99). C & U Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.98). Love Ying Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.89). Wellci Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.87). JD Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.95). Wtiaw Case For Motorola Moto C Plus ($7.88). What you are just looking at is a phone with standard specifications but packs affordability and excellent battery life into one unit. Available for purchase since the May of 2017, Motorola Moto C Plus comes with a. 5.0 inches touchscreen display, 8MP camera, 2GB RAM and 4000mAh battery. Check out the 10 best cases for Motorola Moto C Plus in this list below and let us know which case you liked best in the comments below.. flip cover case made for Moto C that will exclusively protect your phone from. The robust skin of the protective cover is shockproof, and all the buttons remain readily accessible. The flap also provides, on its inside, effective protection to the display of your smartphone. Also, the flap’s in-built magnet provides a safe keeping of your device. The case has three card sleeves for your credit cards and cash storage.. This is a hard plastic back cover case for Moto C Plus made form-fitted, so no bulk is added to your phone.. The cover is perfect for those who are seeking a protective case but want to maximize their phone appearance. It effectively p rotects the phone from dust, scratches, smudges and is made to absorb shocks. Precisely cut openings allow full access to all the functions of your phone.. This is Wellci’s flip cover case with a foldable stand function for hands-free and landscape viewing. The case covers both front and the back and provides maximum protection. against drops, bumps, scratches, and scrapes. A sleeve on the flap’s interior can hold your credit or ID cards for immediate use. A TPU shell holds your phone, and the polycarbonate structure offers a firm and comfortable grip. Available in blue, black and dark gray.. This is a full body, the back cover case for SunRemex made shock proof, anti-abrasion, scratch resistant and non-slip. The concave-convex surface design reduces slipping and makes the unit anti-scratch and fingerprint. polycarbonate provides protection to your phone and kickstand. You are offered access to all buttons and features. This is the style of case that protects your phone and offers an excellent hand feel.. This is a crystal clear screen defender made up of semi-hard and semi-soft thermoplastic polyurethane TPU rubber that absorbs shock for premium protection. The precise moldings offer a snug fit to your phone. Ultra slim design and light weight maintain everyday convenience for the user. prevents LCD screen from laying flat and smearing. Exact cutouts are made for accessing phone’s functionalities.. This is a crystal clear thermoplastic urethane back cover case featuring colored bumpers. The TPU will not fade or pale. TPU borders tightly grip the side for better protection. The bumpers absorb shocks and cover the back, edges, and corners as well. Precise openings for ports and headphones are made. Slim design offers minimal bulk and maintains the smart look of your phone.. Specially designed for Motorola Moto C, this is an ultra-slim, anti-scratch, back cover case made from thermoplastic urethane rubber gel material which effectively resists scratches, dust, debris, and damage. You are offered f ull access to user interface, camera lens, headphone jack, speakerphone, and microphone. This case has a unique feature which allows you to charge the phone directly without removing the case. The raised bezel offers decent protection for the lens of your camera. Economical and elegant case to buy indeed!. Made from high-end carbon fiber, this case is specially designed to offer corner cushioning for defense against the shocks and drops. The raised lip prevents the film from smearing when placed face-down. Super-slim design and perfect fit add minimal bulk to your smart phone.. Available in 4 different texture colors; navy blue, black, gray, and red.. Keep your cell phone fully protected. in style with this beautiful TPU rubber skin. It comes with a lightweight bumper and offers protection against drops, and resistance against shocks.. Anti-slip design offers good handling feel. Precise cutouts for speakers and ports are enabled for you to enjoy complete functionality of the phone.. This is crystal clear, acrylic, hard back cover case featuring TPU rubber bumpers for dispersing shocks and drops.. Unique design allows easy access to all buttons, controls, and ports without compelling you to take the phone out.. Designed with air hybrid technology, it acts as a shock absorber for ultimate protection. It is a c ombination of a hard crystal clear polycarbonate back panel and soft TPU edges on all four sides for extra protection. Maintains original look of your phone while giving you bonus protection.. We will appreciate your valuable feedback in the comments section below.. Previous Post Previous Next Post Next. Like it? Share with your friends!. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Turkish Airline Pilot Makes A Blind Emergency Landing After Windshield.... This Man Got Fined $500 For Calling Himself An Engineer. This Man Got Fined $500 For Calling Himself An Engineer. Turkish Airline Pilot Makes A Blind Emergency Landing After Windshield.... First SpaceX Internet Satellite Launched In Space By A Falcon 9 Rocket. Watch The Boston Dynamics Robot Dog Open A Door After Fighting A Man With A Hockey Stick. Guy Straps Tesla Electric Motor And Battery To A Honda Accord 1981. The End Result Is Record Breaking. Watch This Youtuber Convert Leftover Easter Candy Into A Functional Chocolate Knife. This Video Of A Drone Pilot Flying Very Near To A Commercial Airliner Has Everyone Freaked Out. Japanese Govt Took 17 Years To Make These Tunnels Deep Beneath Tokyo. Here Is Why They Made Them. BMW Z4 Replica Made From Stone Carving. Guy Straps Tesla Electric Motor And Battery To A Honda Accord 1981. The End Result Is Record Breaking. Watch The Boston Dynamics Robot Dog Open A Door After Fighting A Man With A Hockey Stick. Watch What Happens When You Flush A Piece Of Sodium Down The Toilet. First SpaceX Internet Satellite Launched In Space By... First SpaceX Internet Satellite Launched In Space By.... Watch The Boston Dynamics Robot Dog Open A... Watch The Boston Dynamics Robot Dog Open A.... Guy Straps Tesla Electric Motor And Battery To... Guy Straps Tesla Electric Motor And Battery To.... Watch This Youtuber Convert Leftover Easter Candy Into... Watch This Youtuber Convert Leftover Easter Candy Into.... This Video Of A Drone Pilot Flying Very... This Video Of A Drone Pilot Flying Very.... This South Korean Artist Transforms Her Face Into... This South Korean Artist Transforms Her Face Into.... These Heated Gloves Just Met Their Kickstarter Goal... These Heated Gloves Just Met Their Kickstarter Goal.... Jeff Bezos Shares Video Of A Giant Clock... Jeff Bezos Shares Video Of A Giant Clock.... The World’s Largest Mud-Brick Structure Is The Great... The World’s Largest Mud-Brick Structure Is The Great.... England Tried To Build Their Own Eiffel Tower... England Tried To Build Their Own Eiffel Tower.... Bitcoin Exchange Prices Accidentally Drops To Zero For... Bitcoin Exchange Prices Accidentally Drops To Zero For.... World’s Tallest Timber Skyscraper To Be Constructed In... World’s Tallest Timber Skyscraper To Be Constructed In.... Heart Diseases Can Now Be Predicted Accurately Through... Heart Diseases Can Now Be Predicted Accurately Through.... New Dual-Camera Helmet For Cyclists Gives Them Eyes... New Dual-Camera Helmet For Cyclists Gives Them Eyes.... Virgin Hyperloop One Will Soon Build A Test... Virgin Hyperloop One Will Soon Build A Test.... Australian Stingless Bees Build These Spiral Hives That... Australian Stingless Bees Build These Spiral Hives That.... Camera Lenses Being Used At The Olympics Cost... Camera Lenses Being Used At The Olympics Cost.... MIT’s Thermal Resonator Generates Electricity From Daily Temperature... MIT’s Thermal Resonator Generates Electricity From Daily Temperature.... Japanese Govt Took 17 Years To Make These Tunnels Deep Beneath Tokyo. Here Is Why They Made Them. First SpaceX Internet Satellite Launched In Space By A Falcon 9 Rocket. Watch The Boston Dynamics Robot Dog Open A Door After Fighting A Man With A Hockey Stick. Guy Straps Tesla Electric Motor And Battery To A Honda Accord 1981. The End Result Is Record Breaking. 
Mobile phones specs, news and reviews. Display : 5.0 inches TFT, 720 x 1280 pixels. RAM : 1 GB / 2 GB. Camera : 8 MP, 720p@30fps. Motorola Moto C Plus - Full Specs. 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm. Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. quel type de protection l'écran fournit-il. Quad-core (4 x 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300). Motorola Moto C Plus - Rating. Be the first to add a Review. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. The overall rating is based on the opinion of our experts. Motorola Moto C Plus Full Specifications:. a 5.0 inches TFT display with. 720x 1280 pixels resolution and 294 ppi. MediaTek MT6737 clocked at 1.4 GHz. 1 or 2GB of RAM, 16GB on Internal Storage. an 8 MP Back Camera with an aperture F/2.2 and 720p video recording, Autofocus, HDR, Panorama, Face Detection. Dimensions: 144 x 72.3 x 10 mm. Colors: Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. The Motorola Moto C Plus comes with:. Plus de produits de Motorola. © Copyright 2017 - Planet Of Mobile. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
Home » MOTOROLA » Motorola Moto C Plus User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto C Plus User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto C Plus User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto C Plus User’s Guide. This time the owner of a Twitter account @evleaks that expose plans Motorola released a duo of new smartphone named Moto Moto C and C Plus.. The second is called is the entry-level model which price. with “cheapest price” throughout the history of the Moto series Smartphones from Motorola.. “Moto Moto C and C Plus will look at. among which bought smartphone for the first time (first time buyers),” Blass chirping through the @evleaks this week.. Like Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus a glide at MWC last February, 2017, Moto Moto C and C Plus has the same screen size, which is 5 inches.. The difference of the two is located on the specification of the internal components. The Moto screen C, for example, only has a resolution of 480 x 854 FWVGA pixels. While the Moto C Plus has a screen HD (1,280 x 720 pixels).. Moto C Plus has a capability called 4G LTE, while Moto C would present with 3G and 4G variant with a slightly different configuration.. Venture Beat, Friday (13/4/2017), “brain” any two devices allegedly would differ.. MediaTek chip quad-core 32-bit embedded in Moto C, as for Moto C Plus 64-bit chip wear from the same manufacturer. Battery capacity Moto C Plus is also far greater in 4,000 mAh, than 2,350 mAh for Moto C.. Other specifications of both smartphones include 1 or 2 GB of RAM, internal storage of 8 or 16 GB, and a 5 MP camera (8 MP. in Moto C Plus) and 2 megapixel camera.. Both phones have predicted will be available in a wide selection of colors, including black, red, gold, and white.. Related Posts Motorola Moto Z3 – Z3 Play User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto G5s User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto G5s Plus User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto E4 Plus (USA) User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto Z2 Play User Manual PDF. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s User Manual PDF. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro User Manual PDF. ZTE Axon 9 User Manual PDF. Nokia 7 Plus User Manual PDF. Random Search Terms mate 10 pro iser manual galaxy a5 manual pdf k3 tv program manual sony xperia m4 aqua instructions lg k7 user manual LG Leon owners manual iphone 8 user guide apple watch user manual Oppo a77 manual iphone x user manual apple. Copyright © 2013 , All Rights Reserved. 
En poursuivant votre navigation sur ce site, vous acceptez nos CGU et l'utilisation de cookies afin de réaliser des statistiques d'audiences et vous proposer une navigation optimale, la possibilité de partager des contenus sur des réseaux sociaux ainsi que des services et offres adaptés à vos centres d'intérêts. Pour en savoir plus et paramétrer les cookies.... Le Motorola Moto C Plus est un smartphone d'entrée de gamme équipé d'un écran de 5 pouces, d'un capteur photo de 8 mégapixels et d'une batterie de 4 000 mAh. Tournant sous Android 7, il embarque une puce Mediatek à 1,3 GHz, 16 Go de stockage extensible et 2 Go de RAM. Prix public : 129,99 €. Soyez le premier à donner le vôtre. Wi-Fi 802.11b, Wi-Fi 802.11g, Wi-Fi 802.11n. 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 1900 MHz Mhz. Veuillez sélectionner un produit dans la liste pour démarrer la comparaison.. Le Motorola Moto C Plus est un smartphone d'entrée de gamme équipé d'un écran de 5 pouces, d'un capteur photo de 8 mégapixels et d'une batterie de 4 000 mAh. Tournant sous Android 7, il embarque une puce Mediatek à 1,3 GHz, 16 Go de stockage extensible et 2 Go de RAM.. Test du Highway Star 4G : quand Wiko vise plus haut que le low-cost.... Test Jiayu S3 : un bon smartphone chinois pour 270 euros. Samsung Galaxy S6 : aussi bien que l'iPhone 6 Plus en photo ?. Test du smartphone Orange Fova : le 4G à 120 euros. Découvrez tous les codes promo Amazon. Découvrez tous les codes promo Webdistrib. Découvrez tous les codes promo Pixmania. Découvrez tous les codes promo PriceMinister. Découvrez tous les codes promo Grosbill. MWC 2018 : Vivo présente l'étonnant concept APEX qui a tout dans l'écran. MWC 2018 : HMD dévoile son nouveau fleuron, le Nokia 8 Sirocco. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X : le match des caractéristiques. Prise en main du Samsung Galaxy S9: la bonne réponse à l’iPhone X ?. Bons plans et codes promo -. Les plus grosses entreprises de France |. Loire Atlantique : Les plus grosses entreprises |. Provence, Alpes, Cote d'azur : Les plus grosses entreprises |. Les plus grosses entreprises du secteur Construction de bâtiments |. Nord : entreprises défaillantes |. Pas de Calais : entreprises défaillantes |. Loire : entreprises défaillantes |. Loire Atlantique : entreprises défaillantes |. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
