Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - all versions. CDMA 800 / 1900 - Verizon. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - EU, AT&T, Verizon. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - T-Mobile. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 17(700) - XT1097 AT&T, XT1095 T-Mobile. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) - EU. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 13(700) - XT1096 (Verizon). LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800) - India. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 140.8 x 72.4 x 10 mm (5.54 x 2.85 x 0.39 in). 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~73.1% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to 6.0 (Marshmallow). 16/32 GB, 2 GB RAM/ 64 GB (AT&T, T-Mobile). 13 MP (f/2.2, 29mm, 1/3", 1.13 µm), autofocus, dual-LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, HDR, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, DLNA, hotspot. Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Basemark OS II: 1176 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1176 Basemark X: 11855. Voice 66dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 72dB. Also known as Motorola Moto X (2014), Motorola Moto X2, Motorola Moto X+1. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - user opinions and reviews. Try LineageOS or Mokee and you will have updated Android, friend ;). Just saw that there is someone developing Mokee 81 (Android 8.1) for this device, after analyzing development recent history I think one owning one of there Moto X should go Mok.... Have had this phone since launch day.I'm not someone that needs storage,so 32Gb is perfect.This phone only lacks in the ram area,where many modern apps require more than 3gb of ram and the short battery lifespan,i have had to replace it twice since g.... I like this phone more but the big problem it's not upgrading to 6.0 and the present problem is that it becomes hang then restarts.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) reviews. Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Like New Condition; minimal to no signs of use; retail box; includes all accessories; phone and accessories in retail packaging. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $20.05 Gift Card.. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, White/Bamboo. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Amazing1980 .. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, White/Bamboo compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. 5.2 inches Full HD AMOLED Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Touch Screen Display. 13MP Quick Capture Camera, Auto Focus, 4X Digital Zoom, Ring flash with dual LEDs, 1080p HD video (30 fps), Slow motion video and 4K UHD capture. Music/Audio Formats Supported: AAC, AAC+, Enhanced AAC+, AMR-NB, AMR-WB, MIDI, MP3, PCM/WAVE, FLAC, Vorbis. Memory: 16GB on board memory + 2GB RAM. Network/Bands: GSM/GPRS/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), UMTS/HSPA+ (850, 900, 1700 (AWS), 1900, 2100 MHz), 4G LTE (2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 17). Unlocked cell phones are compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as with GSM SIM cards (e.g. H20, Straight Talk, and select prepaid carriers). Unlocked cell phones will not work with CDMA Carriers like Sprint, Verizon, Boost or Virgin.. Find the latest gadgets from today's brightest startups on Amazon Launchpad. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, White/Bamboo $129.99. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Amazing1980.. Mr Shield For Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation) Premium Clear Screen Protector [3-PACK] with Lifetime… $5.95. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Moto X Case, i-Blason All New Motorolal Moto X 2nd Gen Flexible TPU Case Cover for Moto X 2nd… $9.99. Sold by i-BLASON and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Motorola Moto X - 16GB, Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - White. Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black). Motorola Moto X - 2nd Generation, Black Resin 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Motorola MOTO X XT1058 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Android Cell Phone - Black. Motorola Moto G (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 8GB, Black. Moto X Case, i-Blason All New Motorolal Moto X 2nd Gen Flexible TPU Case Cover for Moto X 2nd Generation Case for Google Motorola Moto 2 (Black). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Mr Shield For Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation) Premium Clear Screen Protector [3-PACK] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. iGadgitz Transparent Clear Glossy TPU Gel Skin Case Cover for Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation 2014 XT1092 + Screen Protector. Moto X Case, i-Blason All New Motorolal Moto X 2nd Gen Flexible TPU Case Cover for Moto X 2nd Generation Case for Google Motorola Moto 2 (Black). OtterBox Defender Case for Moto X 2nd Gen. - Retail Packaging - Plum Punch. [3-Pack] Supershieldz for Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation / 2nd Gen) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Defender Series Case - Retail Packaging - Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Moto X runs the latest version of Android OS, free from unnecessary software skins. With quick access to the latest updates, you always enjoy the best Android experience. Learn how to get a pure Android experience with unlocked, no contract Moto phones.. With the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon, quad-core processor, Moto X responds faster than ever with less drain on the battery. Seamlessly switch back and forth between your favorite apps and scroll through web pages easily.. Launch your camera with just a twist of your wrist. Moto X takes multiple pictures before and after you even touch the screen, so you can choose the best shot. Adapts to you, not the other way around. Moto X knows when you want to be hands-free (say, when you’re driving) and when you want it to be silent (like when you're in a meeting). Talk to your phone naturally to give it instructions and access your favorite features or apps. Beauty of HD Designed to last. The 1080p, 5.2" HD display means videos, photos and everything else look their best. Durable Corning Gorilla Glass and a water-resistant coating protect your phone inside and out. Product Dimensions: Height: 140.8mm (5.54 inches) Width: 72.4mm (2.85 inches) Curve: 3.8-9.9mm (0.15-0.39 inches). Display: 5.2" AMOLED, 1080p FULL HD 1920x1080, 423 ppi, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Battery: 2300 mAh Mixed usage up to 24 hours. Processor: Motorola Mobile Computing System including 2.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 with quad-core CPU (MSM 8974-AC), Adreno 330 @ 578 MHz GPU, Natural Language Processor, Contextual Computing Processor. Camera: Rear: 13MP F2.25 Front: 2MP (1080p). Connectivity: Micro USB, 3.5mm headset jack. Bluetooth Technology: Bluetooth version 4.0 LE. Pick the Android device that's right for you.. Find the device that fits your life with the size, style, price and features that work for you.. Works across all your devices - your phone, tablet, and more - so you can pick up where you left off.. Loaded with all the Google apps to make life simpler.. All the Google apps you love - Search, Maps, Calendar, Gmail, YouTube, and more - built right in.. No matter what you're looking for, Google Play has it all. Get your music, movies, TV, news, books, magazines, apps, and games all in one place.. 3.7 x 6.3 x 2.3 in. 3 x 5.94 x 0.32 in. 2.59 x 5.11 x 0.46 in. 2.78 x 3.23 x 5.57 in. 2.95 x 0.43 x 5.83 in. 5.11 x 2.62 x 2.08 in. Android 7.0 Nougat + EMUI 5.0. Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, White/Bamboo. Huawei Honor 6X Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone, 32GB Gold (US Warranty). Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black). Motorola Moto G (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 8GB, Black. Motorola Moto X Play XT1562 16GB Black Factory Unlocked Dual sim 4G LTE Smartpho. Motorola Moto E (2nd Generation) Locked Cellphone, Black. The new Moto X is highlighted by a metal frame and genuine materials including wood and leather that you choose to match your style. Enjoy a more pure and intuitive Android experience. Simplify life with Motorola apps that put your voice and gestures in control.. 6.3 x 3.7 x 2.3 inches. 12.8 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). Currently, item can be shipped only within the U.S. For APO/FPO shipments, please check with the manufacturer regarding warranty and support issues. This item is not eligible for international shipping. #56,186 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #161 in Electronics > Outlet. #1,181 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 59% 4 star 18% 3 star 7% 2 star 3% 1 star 13%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars The Best User Experience and Software Anywhere, but a Mid-Grade Camera. There is no such thing as "the" perfect smartphone since each individual uses them differently and will have different requirements or preferences. So before I get to the details, I'll let you know my own. I've used iPhones for most of my life, but recently got bored with iOS and went on a long, expensive, chronically and unreasonably dissatisfied hunt for more interesting phones in the Android world. I value a well-balanced phone with: 1) Clean, quick, uncluttered software with a pleasing user interface 2) A camera that can stand-alone as my one-and-only camera (low grain, great exposure, decent color reproduction, decent HD video) 3) Premium build quality that can please an Apple-seduced ex-iPhoner (feel-in-hand is especially important to me) 4) A bright, colorful, and sharp screen 5) Full day battery life I also care about durability, prompt software updating, and accessory availability. I use the Sony Xperia Z3 as my go-to phone, and have also recently owned the iPhone 5s, LG G2, Google Nexus 5, HTC One M8, and Sony Xperia Z2. My wife uses the Samsung S5. I bought the Motorola Moto X pure, unlocked version through the Motorola moto-builder site. As a disclaimer got a Bamboo back and Blue trim, so be warned that while I've felt the leather in stores I had a very slightly different experience. I've used the phone for two weeks. Okay, on to the review! 1) Software: 100/100. I've never awarded a 100% to any phone for any feature. Motorola and Google absolutely nailed it. First, you'll get the phone at Android 4.4 KitKat, but 5.0 Lollipop is already out for the Moto X and the phone can (and should) be updated immediately. Stock Android Lollipop is gorgeous, colorful, and adds many small changes that, when they come together, makes the software almost perfect. Props to Motorola for keeping the phone stock. The few features that Motorola has added (all found in one app) are genuinely useful. The Moto X has excellent voice-activated commands with a customizable command phrase that actually works consistently. It also knows where you are and adapts accordingly; whether you're driving, sleeping, in a meeting, or having family time, you can customize how the phone notifies you and interacts with you given your current activity. You get nice and customizable lock-screen notifications as well. This is the smartest smartphone I've ever used, by far. Also, Google Now is omnipresent and is a decently useful (if creepily predictive) feature. If you care about software above all, look no further. The Moto X is the phone for you. Like the rest of the phone's software, the camera app is smart, pretty, and quick. You can flick your wrist twice to open the app, an experience that is quick, pleasing, and works consistently if you can remember that it exists. Though not actually Google's camera app, the camera software resembles it in its minimalism and de-cluttered UI, which I really like. Also, shutter speed is one of the fastest I've seen, rivaling the iPhone. And while I'd read poor reviews about the camera, I was willing to give it a chance. And note that my standards are very high. Unfortunately, though, the images I got were just not consistently solid. In bright outdoor light you'll get nice, colorful, decently sharp images. In any other light, however, images are often blurred, sort of grainy, and discolored. The phone lacks Optical Image Stabilization, and it shows. Though the camera is 13 MP, the images were much less sharp than on the 4 MP HTC One or 8 MP iPhones. If you compose the photo, you'll get a decent image half the time. If you don't, it's more like 1 in 4. And try as you might, you'll have to fight hard to get a really, really good image that you'll want to print. The flash (which, by the way, is not a ring but is just two LEDs) is bright but doesn't solve the camera's low light issues, producing red-eye and off-tone colors. Video is better, but not amazing. I'm honestly sad about this, but it was a dealbreaker for me personally. If you're no shutterfly and just need the occasional quick snap of pets or kids, the camera will do the job. If you're at all picky about images though, you'll be chronically dissatisfied. Sad, but it's the one-and-only true weak point on the phone. And the range of customization options (Soft leather? Warm wood? Either, please.) is nothing short of brilliant and will turn more heads more than any iPhone. The curved back feels great in the hand. The Gorilla Glass is smoothly rounded around the edges. The metal rim is eye candy and feels awesome, if a tad slick. The aluminum speaker and camera trim is nice, whether stock or colorfully customized on Motorola's site. Look, it's just a stunner of a phone, at least on par with the HTC One and Sony Xperia line with much more personality. OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) screens are interesting. Instead of a backlight, each pixel produces it's own light, giving the screen a unique, warm, saturated feel. Coming from the ultra-bright Sony Z3's LCD panel, the Moto X was quite a change. Colors are bolder and more saturated, and much warmer. And since OLED screens produce black by simple turning the pixels off, blacks are inky-dark and contrasting colors just pop beautifully. It's a nice screen, and the resolution at 1080p is as sharp as I could ever care about. My only real complaint is that the screen is dim, at about half the brightness of its competitors in nits produced (whatever a "nit" is, don't ask me). You get used to it fast and it saves battery, but coming from the brightest phone on the market it was a little underwhelming. I could get used to the rich OLED colors very fast though, and the deep black will certainly be missed. It's fine, but nothing to write home about. Android Lollipop saves battery well, as does the dimmer screen and well-done notifications. I'm a heavy smartphone user (ahem...addict), so I never get more than one day with any phone. This phone will get you through a workday, but if you're like me then you'll need a quick charge in the evening to get you through bedtime. Note: Invest in a Qualcomm Quick-Charge 2.0 charger, supported by the Moto X. It blew me away! You get 35% battery added in just 15 minutes. Plug it in during your after-work shower and you'll have juice to make it through Friday night, no problem. Summary: If you're somehow still reading this, here's the final verdict. If you don't care too much about camera performance, or prefer a stand-alone camera, just stop and buy this phone. It's fantastic in every single other way and costs less than rivals. Personally, I'd go through the Moto Maker website for free customization if you can stand to wait a week for delivery. If software and UI matter most to you, you'll be smitten by the scrappy Moto X. And if Motorola can come up with a better camera, I'll buy future versions of this phone in a heartbeat.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Vague advertising for Moto X (2nd Gen) that should be clarified. Color: Black Soft touch | Verified Purchase. Vague advertising for Moto X (2nd Gen) that should be clarified. Some sellers answered Q&A saying this is the XT1095. However, I received the XT1097, which is a used AT&T version bootleg unlocked and placed in a cheaply printed box with blurry manual. If it were the XT1095 edition, it could update to android 6.0 but this AT&T version is stuck on android 5.0, which many apps have already dropped.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Not Unlocked. Color: Black Soft touch | Verified Purchase. I recieved an AT&T version which blocked me from going with Boost Mobile, and also blocks me from using the hotspot due to it not being enabled thru my AT&T account--I don't use AT&T. So after wasting money on this phone I learned that the only unlocked Moto X is the PURE EDITION, keep looking folks.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars unlocked 2014 model is still a great value with the Android 6.0 update. Color: Black Leather | Verified Purchase. This was one of the top smartphones in 2014, but newer models have been released since then. Performance is still more than adequate for most people. This unlocked version did receive the Android 6.0 (marshmallow) upgrade. We got the upgrade over-the-air in January 2016. Reportedly, locked version of this phone will not be getting the upgrade. If you're looking for a cheaper unlocked Android phone and can live with the paltry 16GB of memory, this is a great choice. Price was $200 when I bought it here. 16GB may be fine if you mostly use the cloud to store music, video, and photos. If you're a hoarder, look for a 64GB phone instead.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Nice upgrade from the Moto G. Color: Black Leather | Verified Purchase. I upgraded from the Moto G. This phone has a lot of similar features since it is also a Motorola, but some of the new things I like are: - Wave your hand over the phone to see time/notifications - Quick glance of notifications without unlocking - Voice feature (Can ask questions, even when locked) - "Talk to me" feature - phone will read all notifications out loud for 30 mins. Perfect for when you're in the shower/doing dishes/etc. - Much better camera than the Moto G - Motion sensor actions (twist twice to open camera, karate chop down twice for flashlight) Overall, it just has some neat added features. It has been a tiny bit laggy at times, which is annoying (ex. going to Google search bar and the keyboard takes a few seconds to come up). But overall, I really like it.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Let's go Moto. Color: Black Leather | Verified Purchase. So I gave it a few weeks and at this point I must say I am very pleased with my Moto X 2nd Gen. It is very quick and smooth, take pictures well and calls are crystal clear. It has " learned " my voice and responds as well as any iPhone I have seen. It fits my hand and pocket well, screen is large enough for me ( I wouldn't want it much larger if at all ). I still have much to learn in the Android platform but as for the phone itself, I have no complaints. I was worried about battery life but thus far it has been very good for my use ( not a ultra heavy user tho ) and lasts me all day and well into the next.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best of all android phones I have ever had!. I am coming from aa note 3 to this and it amazes me how different everything is. I have had a moto g 2014, blu vivo air, iPhone 5s, note3, s2,3,4,5, lg g flex, and the list goes on and on.... Out of all the phones I have had this one is the best Pros Fast! (As fast as dropping a stick of butter!) Solid build Awesome call quality Good signal strength Fast charge!!!!! Ambient screen! Latest updates! Cons No upgradeable sd card slot :'-(. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars I need a phone with solid hardware and simple tasks like listen to podcast. Color: Black Soft touch | Verified Purchase. I am such a late adopter that I don't have a data plan but jump from wi-fi to wi-fi spot. I need a phone with solid hardware and simple tasks like listen to podcast. The phone battery needs to be charged daily. My ex BLU phone needed charging every 3 days. Most of the battery energy is consumed by Google Play services which I don't use often ( no data plan ) but oh well. Is my first OLED phone so I'm impressed with the graphics. The mechanics of this phone are pleasant ( weight, size, responsiveness ).. Was this review helpful to you?. one of the best phones my daughter has ever had, she loves it. 5.0 out of 5 stars great phone, great price. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I loved the Moto X (2nd gen) that when it broke, I dropped it, I bought the Moto X Pure. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone. I loved the Moto X (2nd gen) .... Used more than 2 years this smartphone, all parts and its components are extraordinary.Highly recommended Motorola smartphones.. 5.0 out of 5 stars all parts and its components are extraordinary. The phone is right, it came with an alternative box, a pixeled manual of poor quality (not original I think), and THE LATEST ANDROID VERSION you can upgrade on this phone is 5. 1.0 out of 5 stars 5.1 IS THE LATEST ANDROID YOU CAN UPGRADE. Works great, and everything is AMAZING. Doesn't hold an SD card so that sucks.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. This was a replacement for the same phone. My wife dropped her old one and it had a cracked screen and was getting to be unusable. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone!. This phone is not unlocked -- which is ok if you will use AT&T or an MVNO running on AT&T. This phone has multiple AT&T bloatware apps that cannot be removed. 3.0 out of 5 stars Plenty of AT&T bloatware. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Motorola Moto G4 (16GB) XT1621 GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Phone - 5.5" Screen (International Version - No Warranty). Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64 GB - Unlocked - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. Huawei Honor 6X Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone, 32GB Gold (US Warranty). Huawei Honor 6X Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone, 32GB Silver (US Warranty). See and discover other items: verizon prepaid cell phones 4g , capture card for phone , dual sim cellphone , 4g lte dual sim , corning glass , motorola mobile phones. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $20.05 Gift Card.. Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation) - Black Leather - 16 GB (U.S. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation) - Black Leather - 16 GB (U.S. Warranty) Unlocked Phone compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. 5.2 inches Full HD AMOLED Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Touch Screen Display. 13MP Quick Capture Camera, Auto Focus, 4X Digital Zoom, Ring flash with dual LEDs, 1080p HD video (30 fps), Slow motion video and 4K UHD capture. Music/Audio Formats Supported: AAC, AAC+, Enhanced AAC+, AMR-NB, AMR-WB, MIDI, MP3, PCM/WAVE, FLAC, Vorbis. Memory: 16GB on board memory + 2GB RAM. Network/Bands: GSM/GPRS/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), UMTS/HSPA+ (850, 900, 1700 (AWS), 1900, 2100 MHz), 4G LTE (2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 17). Unlocked cell phones are compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as with GSM SIM cards (e.g. H20, Straight Talk, and select prepaid carriers). Unlocked cell phones will not work with CDMA Carriers like Sprint, Verizon, Boost or Virgin.. Find the latest gadgets from today's brightest startups on Amazon Launchpad. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Moto X Case, i-Blason All New Motorolal Moto X 2nd Gen Flexible TPU Case Cover for Moto X 2nd Generation Case for Google Motorola Moto 2 (Black). Mr Shield For Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation) Premium Clear Screen Protector [3-PACK] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [3-Pack] Supershieldz for Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation / 2nd Gen) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Moto X Case, SUPCASE [Heavy Duty] Belt Clip Holster Case for All New Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Phone 2014 Release [Unicorn Beetle PRO Series] Full-body Rugged Hybrid Protective Cover with Built-in Screen Protector (Black/Black), Dual Layer Design + Impact Resistant Bumper [Not Fit Moto X Phone (1st Gen.) 2013 Release]. OtterBox Defender Case for Moto X 2nd Gen. - Retail Packaging - Plum Punch. LG G4 H815 Factory Unlocked Cellphone, International Version No Warranty, 32GB, Brown Leather. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Motorola Moto X - 2nd Generation, Black Resin 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Motorola Moto X - 16GB, Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - White. Motorola Moto G (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 8GB, Black. Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black). Motorola MOTO X XT1058 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Android Cell Phone - Black. Moto X Pure Edition Unlocked Smartphone, 32GB, 21 MP, Black (U.S. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64 GB - Unlocked - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. Motorola Moto X - 2nd Generation, Black Resin 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Moto X runs the latest version of Android OS, free from unnecessary software skins. With quick access to the latest updates, you always enjoy the best Android experience. Learn how to get a pure Android experience with unlocked, no contract Moto phones.. With the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon, quad-core processor, Moto X responds faster than ever with less drain on the battery. Seamlessly switch back and forth between your favorite apps and scroll through web pages easily.. Launch your camera with just a twist of your wrist. Moto X takes multiple pictures before and after you even touch the screen, so you can choose the best shot. Adapts to you, not the other way around. Moto X knows when you want to be hands-free (say, when you’re driving) and when you want it to be silent (like when you're in a meeting). Talk to your phone naturally to give it instructions and access your favorite features or apps. Beauty of HD Designed to last. The 1080p, 5.2" HD display means videos, photos and everything else look their best. Durable Corning Gorilla Glass and a water-resistant coating protect your phone inside and out. Product Dimensions: Height: 140.8mm (5.54 inches) Width: 72.4mm (2.85 inches) Curve: 3.8-9.9mm (0.15-0.39 inches). Display: 5.2" AMOLED, 1080p FULL HD 1920x1080, 423 ppi, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Battery: 2300 mAh Mixed usage up to 24 hours. Processor: Motorola Mobile Computing System including 2.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 with quad-core CPU (MSM 8974-AC), Adreno 330 @ 578 MHz GPU, Natural Language Processor, Contextual Computing Processor. Camera: Rear: 13MP F2.25 Front: 2MP (1080p). Connectivity: Micro USB, 3.5mm headset jack. Bluetooth Technology: Bluetooth version 4.0 LE. Pick the Android device that's right for you.. Find the device that fits your life with the size, style, price and features that work for you.. Works across all your devices - your phone, tablet, and more - so you can pick up where you left off.. Loaded with all the Google apps to make life simpler.. All the Google apps you love - Search, Maps, Calendar, Gmail, YouTube, and more - built right in.. No matter what you're looking for, Google Play has it all. Get your music, movies, TV, news, books, magazines, apps, and games all in one place.. 2.78 x 3.23 x 5.57 in. 2.59 x 5.11 x 0.46 in. 0.31 x 5.84 x 2.89 in. 2.95 x 0.43 x 5.83 in. 0.39 x 3.02 x 6.02 in. Motorola Moto X (2nd Generation) - Black Leather - 16 GB (U.S. Motorola Moto G (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 8GB, Black. Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black). Moto X (4th Generation) - with hands-free Amazon Alexa – 32 GB - Unlocked – Super Black - Prime Exclusive. Motorola Moto X Play XT1562 16GB Black Factory Unlocked Dual sim 4G LTE Smartpho. Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. 5.2 inches Full HD AMOLED Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Touch Screen Display13MP Quick Capture Camera, Auto Focus, 4X Digital Zoom, Ring flash with dual LEDs, 1080p HD video (30 fps), Slow motion video and 4K UHD capture. (Camera aperature f2.25)Music/Audio Formats Supported: AAC, AAC+, Enhanced AAC+, AMR-NB, AMR-WB, MIDI, MP3, PCM/WAVE, FLAC, VorbisMemory: 16GB on board memory + 2GB RAMNetwork/Bands: GSM/GPRS/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), UMTS/HSPA+ (850, 900, 1700 (AWS), 1900, 2100 MHz), 4G LTE (2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 17)Carrier: AnatelDevice has a slot for a SIM card. Does not have a slot for a MicroSD memory card.Network Type: GSM. 6.5 x 3.7 x 2.4 inches. Currently, item can be shipped only within the U.S. For APO/FPO shipments, please check with the manufacturer regarding warranty and support issues. This item is not eligible for international shipping. #130,229 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #352 in Electronics > Outlet. #2,453 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 59% 4 star 18% 3 star 7% 2 star 3% 1 star 13%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars The Best User Experience and Software Anywhere, but a Mid-Grade Camera. There is no such thing as "the" perfect smartphone since each individual uses them differently and will have different requirements or preferences. So before I get to the details, I'll let you know my own. I've used iPhones for most of my life, but recently got bored with iOS and went on a long, expensive, chronically and unreasonably dissatisfied hunt for more interesting phones in the Android world. I value a well-balanced phone with: 1) Clean, quick, uncluttered software with a pleasing user interface 2) A camera that can stand-alone as my one-and-only camera (low grain, great exposure, decent color reproduction, decent HD video) 3) Premium build quality that can please an Apple-seduced ex-iPhoner (feel-in-hand is especially important to me) 4) A bright, colorful, and sharp screen 5) Full day battery life I also care about durability, prompt software updating, and accessory availability. I use the Sony Xperia Z3 as my go-to phone, and have also recently owned the iPhone 5s, LG G2, Google Nexus 5, HTC One M8, and Sony Xperia Z2. My wife uses the Samsung S5. I bought the Motorola Moto X pure, unlocked version through the Motorola moto-builder site. As a disclaimer got a Bamboo back and Blue trim, so be warned that while I've felt the leather in stores I had a very slightly different experience. I've used the phone for two weeks. Okay, on to the review! 1) Software: 100/100. I've never awarded a 100% to any phone for any feature. Motorola and Google absolutely nailed it. First, you'll get the phone at Android 4.4 KitKat, but 5.0 Lollipop is already out for the Moto X and the phone can (and should) be updated immediately. Stock Android Lollipop is gorgeous, colorful, and adds many small changes that, when they come together, makes the software almost perfect. Props to Motorola for keeping the phone stock. The few features that Motorola has added (all found in one app) are genuinely useful. The Moto X has excellent voice-activated commands with a customizable command phrase that actually works consistently. It also knows where you are and adapts accordingly; whether you're driving, sleeping, in a meeting, or having family time, you can customize how the phone notifies you and interacts with you given your current activity. You get nice and customizable lock-screen notifications as well. This is the smartest smartphone I've ever used, by far. Also, Google Now is omnipresent and is a decently useful (if creepily predictive) feature. If you care about software above all, look no further. The Moto X is the phone for you. Like the rest of the phone's software, the camera app is smart, pretty, and quick. You can flick your wrist twice to open the app, an experience that is quick, pleasing, and works consistently if you can remember that it exists. Though not actually Google's camera app, the camera software resembles it in its minimalism and de-cluttered UI, which I really like. Also, shutter speed is one of the fastest I've seen, rivaling the iPhone. And while I'd read poor reviews about the camera, I was willing to give it a chance. And note that my standards are very high. Unfortunately, though, the images I got were just not consistently solid. In bright outdoor light you'll get nice, colorful, decently sharp images. In any other light, however, images are often blurred, sort of grainy, and discolored. The phone lacks Optical Image Stabilization, and it shows. Though the camera is 13 MP, the images were much less sharp than on the 4 MP HTC One or 8 MP iPhones. If you compose the photo, you'll get a decent image half the time. If you don't, it's more like 1 in 4. And try as you might, you'll have to fight hard to get a really, really good image that you'll want to print. The flash (which, by the way, is not a ring but is just two LEDs) is bright but doesn't solve the camera's low light issues, producing red-eye and off-tone colors. Video is better, but not amazing. I'm honestly sad about this, but it was a dealbreaker for me personally. If you're no shutterfly and just need the occasional quick snap of pets or kids, the camera will do the job. If you're at all picky about images though, you'll be chronically dissatisfied. Sad, but it's the one-and-only true weak point on the phone. And the range of customization options (Soft leather? Warm wood? Either, please.) is nothing short of brilliant and will turn more heads more than any iPhone. The curved back feels great in the hand. The Gorilla Glass is smoothly rounded around the edges. The metal rim is eye candy and feels awesome, if a tad slick. The aluminum speaker and camera trim is nice, whether stock or colorfully customized on Motorola's site. Look, it's just a stunner of a phone, at least on par with the HTC One and Sony Xperia line with much more personality. OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) screens are interesting. Instead of a backlight, each pixel produces it's own light, giving the screen a unique, warm, saturated feel. Coming from the ultra-bright Sony Z3's LCD panel, the Moto X was quite a change. Colors are bolder and more saturated, and much warmer. And since OLED screens produce black by simple turning the pixels off, blacks are inky-dark and contrasting colors just pop beautifully. It's a nice screen, and the resolution at 1080p is as sharp as I could ever care about. My only real complaint is that the screen is dim, at about half the brightness of its competitors in nits produced (whatever a "nit" is, don't ask me). You get used to it fast and it saves battery, but coming from the brightest phone on the market it was a little underwhelming. I could get used to the rich OLED colors very fast though, and the deep black will certainly be missed. It's fine, but nothing to write home about. Android Lollipop saves battery well, as does the dimmer screen and well-done notifications. I'm a heavy smartphone user (ahem...addict), so I never get more than one day with any phone. This phone will get you through a workday, but if you're like me then you'll need a quick charge in the evening to get you through bedtime. Note: Invest in a Qualcomm Quick-Charge 2.0 charger, supported by the Moto X. It blew me away! You get 35% battery added in just 15 minutes. Plug it in during your after-work shower and you'll have juice to make it through Friday night, no problem. Summary: If you're somehow still reading this, here's the final verdict. If you don't care too much about camera performance, or prefer a stand-alone camera, just stop and buy this phone. It's fantastic in every single other way and costs less than rivals. Personally, I'd go through the Moto Maker website for free customization if you can stand to wait a week for delivery. If software and UI matter most to you, you'll be smitten by the scrappy Moto X. And if Motorola can come up with a better camera, I'll buy future versions of this phone in a heartbeat.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Vague advertising for Moto X (2nd Gen) that should be clarified. Color: Black Soft touch | Verified Purchase. Vague advertising for Moto X (2nd Gen) that should be clarified. Some sellers answered Q&A saying this is the XT1095. However, I received the XT1097, which is a used AT&T version bootleg unlocked and placed in a cheaply printed box with blurry manual. If it were the XT1095 edition, it could update to android 6.0 but this AT&T version is stuck on android 5.0, which many apps have already dropped.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Not Unlocked. Color: Black Soft touch | Verified Purchase. I recieved an AT&T version which blocked me from going with Boost Mobile, and also blocks me from using the hotspot due to it not being enabled thru my AT&T account--I don't use AT&T. So after wasting money on this phone I learned that the only unlocked Moto X is the PURE EDITION, keep looking folks.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars unlocked 2014 model is still a great value with the Android 6.0 update. Color: Black Leather | Verified Purchase. This was one of the top smartphones in 2014, but newer models have been released since then. Performance is still more than adequate for most people. This unlocked version did receive the Android 6.0 (marshmallow) upgrade. We got the upgrade over-the-air in January 2016. Reportedly, locked version of this phone will not be getting the upgrade. If you're looking for a cheaper unlocked Android phone and can live with the paltry 16GB of memory, this is a great choice. Price was $200 when I bought it here. 16GB may be fine if you mostly use the cloud to store music, video, and photos. If you're a hoarder, look for a 64GB phone instead.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Nice upgrade from the Moto G. Color: Black Leather | Verified Purchase. I upgraded from the Moto G. This phone has a lot of similar features since it is also a Motorola, but some of the new things I like are: - Wave your hand over the phone to see time/notifications - Quick glance of notifications without unlocking - Voice feature (Can ask questions, even when locked) - "Talk to me" feature - phone will read all notifications out loud for 30 mins. Perfect for when you're in the shower/doing dishes/etc. - Much better camera than the Moto G - Motion sensor actions (twist twice to open camera, karate chop down twice for flashlight) Overall, it just has some neat added features. It has been a tiny bit laggy at times, which is annoying (ex. going to Google search bar and the keyboard takes a few seconds to come up). But overall, I really like it.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Let's go Moto. Color: Black Leather | Verified Purchase. So I gave it a few weeks and at this point I must say I am very pleased with my Moto X 2nd Gen. It is very quick and smooth, take pictures well and calls are crystal clear. It has " learned " my voice and responds as well as any iPhone I have seen. It fits my hand and pocket well, screen is large enough for me ( I wouldn't want it much larger if at all ). I still have much to learn in the Android platform but as for the phone itself, I have no complaints. I was worried about battery life but thus far it has been very good for my use ( not a ultra heavy user tho ) and lasts me all day and well into the next.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best of all android phones I have ever had!. I am coming from aa note 3 to this and it amazes me how different everything is. I have had a moto g 2014, blu vivo air, iPhone 5s, note3, s2,3,4,5, lg g flex, and the list goes on and on.... Out of all the phones I have had this one is the best Pros Fast! (As fast as dropping a stick of butter!) Solid build Awesome call quality Good signal strength Fast charge!!!!! Ambient screen! Latest updates! Cons No upgradeable sd card slot :'-(. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars I need a phone with solid hardware and simple tasks like listen to podcast. Color: Black Soft touch | Verified Purchase. I am such a late adopter that I don't have a data plan but jump from wi-fi to wi-fi spot. I need a phone with solid hardware and simple tasks like listen to podcast. The phone battery needs to be charged daily. My ex BLU phone needed charging every 3 days. Most of the battery energy is consumed by Google Play services which I don't use often ( no data plan ) but oh well. Is my first OLED phone so I'm impressed with the graphics. The mechanics of this phone are pleasant ( weight, size, responsiveness ).. Was this review helpful to you?. one of the best phones my daughter has ever had, she loves it. 5.0 out of 5 stars great phone, great price. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I loved the Moto X (2nd gen) that when it broke, I dropped it, I bought the Moto X Pure. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone. I loved the Moto X (2nd gen) .... Used more than 2 years this smartphone, all parts and its components are extraordinary.Highly recommended Motorola smartphones.. 5.0 out of 5 stars all parts and its components are extraordinary. The phone is right, it came with an alternative box, a pixeled manual of poor quality (not original I think), and THE LATEST ANDROID VERSION you can upgrade on this phone is 5. 1.0 out of 5 stars 5.1 IS THE LATEST ANDROID YOU CAN UPGRADE. Works great, and everything is AMAZING. Doesn't hold an SD card so that sucks.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. This was a replacement for the same phone. My wife dropped her old one and it had a cracked screen and was getting to be unusable. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone!. This phone is not unlocked -- which is ok if you will use AT&T or an MVNO running on AT&T. This phone has multiple AT&T bloatware apps that cannot be removed. 3.0 out of 5 stars Plenty of AT&T bloatware. See and discover other items: verizon prepaid cell phones 4g , verizon prepaid smartphones , capture card for phone , micro sim phone unlocked , motorola mobile phones , unlocked sprint cell phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 66 67 ». shobee, 19 Feb 2018 I like this phone more but the big problem it's not upgrading to 6.0 and the present problem i... more Try LineageOS or Mokee and you will have updated Android, friend ;). Just saw that there is someone developing Mokee 81 (Android 8.1) for this device, after analyzing development recent history I think one owning one of there Moto X should go Mokee.. Have had this phone since launch day.I'm not someone that needs storage,so 32Gb is perfect.This phone only lacks in the ram area,where many modern apps require more than 3gb of ram and the short battery lifespan,i have had to replace it twice since getting it.. I like this phone more but the big problem it's not upgrading to 6.0 and the present problem is that it becomes hang then restarts.. Utkarsh, 13 Nov 2017 Which app do i use in moto x2 The right question, which version? Asia/erope or us, than ask jio make VoLTE, so compatible device just need visir google play and download. Anonymous, 15 Oct 2017 i found today that 32GB edition of moto X2nd gen is sale for INR 8000/- is it for this amount.. 4k video recording and playback possible. Naveen, 25 Oct 2016 Moto x support jio network but u have to install call and others apps from play store jio app,... more Which app do i use in moto x2. I've had the moto x 2nd gen for way over 2 years. The battery started to go bad so had a new battery put in. Really like the phone only wish it had extended memory. That is the biggest fault about this phone for me.. Bought mines in 2014 and it's been great except battery and camera. The battery is dying a lot faster but that's due to age and use. I might change battery but it's a pain removing the back.. Iam using Moto x second generation for last one year .camera is awesome speed and battery life is perfect.. i found today that 32GB edition of moto X2nd gen is sale for INR 8000/- is it for this amount... Anonymous, 13 Nov 2016 Doesn't last more than a year and won't connect to Wifi after a year Mine just stopped connecting to WIFi yesterday.. Amar Vedant, 18 Sep 2017 Got this phone in Feb 2015 and by March of 2016, the phone's speaker blew out and I had to use... more Its almost like you are talking about my phone. It feels good in hand, but speaker in phone mode does not work, only able to hear it when I put on speaker... Need to change the battery as well. It is hardly 1 day life.. Anonymous, 15 Sep 2017 It's 2017 and it's a great phone still. My only issue with it is a small storage space - 16 Gb. I use it everyday in 2017 too and it is even better than most new phones. After my iphone broke for 2 nd time i buy motorola x and i could not be more happier!. Got this phone in Feb 2015 and by March of 2016, the phone's speaker blew out and I had to use a headset to be able to take calls and hear them. The battery life is also pretty abysmal. The camera leaves a lot to be desired. Feels nice in the hand and the user experience is pretty good but I definitely cannot recommend it as there are way better options in this price range.. It's 2017 and it's a great phone still. My only issue with it is a small storage space - 16 Gb.. rumors says that AT&T and VERIZON versions are not gonna have android marshmallow update................and that sucks!!!!. I am using moto x 2 since Oct 14.This is the 3rd time home button has stopped working.I got it repaired just 2 months back for the 2nd time.Repair agency does not give any warranty.This appears to be inherent problem. Also it gets very hot for no apparent reason. Karthik, 17 May 2017 Amazing phone as many have mentioned. It does not lag or slow down anytime, as its in Market f... more Ummmmmm.....no.....it's got Gorilla Glass, and does not break that easy. You must be thinking of another phone.. SD801 gets too Hot, 07 Jun 2017 Like most flagship Android smartphones, the back gets too warm to hold. more SoC non GPU will be coller than with gpu, try galaxy y. Motorola so far the coolest along smartphone with GPU. The phone does not have a barometer.. Pages: 1 2 3 … 66 67 ». Total of 1331 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) reviews. Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola DROID Turbo Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) currently has an Informr score of 8.4 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 55. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. What's good Snappy performance that handles all tasks with ease Vivid color and good contrast Premium materials and excellent build quality. What's bad No expandable microSD slot Suffers from oversaturation Mediocre camera performance. The 2014 Motorola Moto X might share the same name as its predecessor, but it is definitely an upgrade in almost every way starting from the design. Instead of an all plastic device, Motorola opted for an aluminum rim around the phone. While the metal does make the phone slightly heavier than its predecessor at 144 grams, reviewers point out it makes the device look and feel like a premium device. As well, they point out that the smooth finish and tapered edges makes it very comfortable to hold in hand, despite its slightly larger dimensions.. The most noticeable upgrade is the larger 5.2-inch AMOLED display. With a 1080p Full HD resolution, the screen offers a stunning pixel density of 423ppi. Critics point out the improved sharpness makes it great for reading also due in part to its bright light legibility. They did notice that colors tended to be oversaturated though it ultimately leads to better contrast and deeper blacks.. The new Moto X might not pack the latest internal specs, but the 2.5GHz quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM is powerful enough that experts had no issue with lag or stutters when using normal and processor-heavy apps. Internal storage is adequate with a choice of 16GB or 32GB, though those looking to expand their storage will be disappointed as there is no microSD slot. In the same vein, critics describe battery life as "acceptable but not exceptional" as it clocked a little under 9 hours during their battery draining tests. In real life tests, they were able to get around a full day's worth of charge during moderately light use.. Around the back is a 13MP camera and dual LED flash. When compared to the previous camera, reviewers discovered that this one produced more vibrant colors and better details. Despite these improvements, they mention that low-light performance is still mediocre and its overall performance is fairly average.. Although the Moto X(2nd generation) might have a couple weak points, overall critics appreciate the updated look and specs. Phone Arena says, "…the new features are nice…and the phone is zippy and premium feeling." PC advisor adds, "It has a great screen, isn't too big or heavy, and has excellent performance.". - Aaron Weiss , Cool Tools. Yes, you can put many of the Moto X features on existing Android phones, but this is the only one that does it out of the box, and without sacrificing battery life. I’ve had mine for 6 months, and if I lost it today, I wouldn’t consider replacing it with anything else.. We can't emphasize enough how useful Motorola's Active Notifications are, taking Android's already superior notification system to the next level. Moto Assist is another huge win, intelligently managing your ringer and other key functions behind the scenes, saving you from workplace embarrassment an.... Overall, I’d say the Moto X 2014 is a great device and definitely capable to standing up to even the latest generation of flagship phones. No, Moto Voice is neither a game changer nor a reason to purchase the Moto X 2014, but it never should have been. - Jason Million, G Style Magazine. Even with its camera’s shortcomings the Moto X 2014 can be considered one of the best overall smartphones out. It’s one of the only phones you can have customize yourself and it’s available on most carriers. Its battery life is decent and it’s built in Moto apps are some of t.... The 2014 Moto X is a solidly built, fast, Android flagship with a good screen, excellent call quality, stock Android, and clever Moto Voice software features. But the battery life, price, and camera keep it from being perfect though.. Motorola released the Moto X (2nd Gen) on September 5, 2014.. Where can I download the Moto X (2nd Gen) manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto X (2nd Gen) with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Moto X (2nd Gen) problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto X (2nd Gen) has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Why is my Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) not getting 4G network from Jio?. 1 Is my Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) getting Android N?. 0 How do I install caller ID on the Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen)?. 0 Is a broken screen glass of my Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) covered by warranty?. 5 Is the Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) water resistant?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen)'s screen size is 5.2 inches with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974-AC Quad core 2.5 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 4.4.4 KitKat (Update Available: 5.1 Lollipop) operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 2+ megapixels resolution.. No external card slot is available for expansion.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 2300 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 10 days standby time, 1020 minutes, Unknown Wi-Fi surfing.. Android 4.4.4 KitKat (Update Available: 5.1 Lollipop). Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974-AC Quad core 2.5 GHz. Head: 1.46 W/kg Body: 1.4 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.1 x 7.2 x 1.0 cm (5.6 x 2.8 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. A2DP, AVRCP, BPP, DUN, OPP/FTP, HID, HFP, HSP, PAN. Auto focus, Face detection, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Panorama, Burst mode, HDR. 3G2 / 3GPP2, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Ultra HD (3840 x 2160 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, AMR, WMA, WAV, OGG. 3G2 / 3GPP2, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Other Names (AKA): Motorola Moto X (2014), Moto X+1, Moto X2. Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen). GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1700/1900 /2100 MHz. LTE: 2100/800/900/1800 /2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen). The Moto X got so much small stuff right that it qualifies as a cool tool. Yes, you can put many of the Moto X features on existing Android phones, but this is the only one that does it out of the box, and without sacrificing battery life. I’ve had mine for 6 months, and if I lost it today, I wouldn’t consider replacing it with anything else.. Yes, you can put many of the Moto X features on existing Android phones, but this is the only one that does it out of the box, and without sacrificing battery life. I’ve had mine for 6 months, and if I lost it today, I wouldn’t consider replacing it with anything else.. Sidesteps the spec war, putting user-friendly features front and center. We can't emphasize enough how useful Motorola's Active Notifications are, taking Android's already superior notification system to the next level. Moto Assist is another huge win, intelligently managing your ringer and other key functions behind the scenes, saving you from workplace embarrassment and trouble on the road.. We can't emphasize enough how useful Motorola's Active Notifications are, taking Android's already superior notification system to the next level. Moto Assist is another huge win, intelligently managing your ringer and other key functions behind the scenes, saving you from workplace embarrassment and trouble on the road.. A great device that is definitely capable to standing up to even the latest generation of flagship phones. Overall, I’d say the Moto X 2014 is a great device and definitely capable to standing up to even the latest generation of flagship phones. No, Moto Voice is neither a game changer nor a reason to purchase the Moto X 2014, but it never should have been. Its design holds up and its display is gorgeous. The speakers are loud and it gets updates at a breakneck pace..... Overall, I’d say the Moto X 2014 is a great device and definitely capable to standing up to even the latest generation of flagship phones. No, Moto Voice is neither a game changer nor a reason to purchase the Moto X 2014, but it never should have been. Its design holds up and its display is gorgeous. The speakers are loud and it gets updates at a breakneck pace.. I’d like to see an improved camera app and Moto Voice, but those are the the extent of my concerns. The Moto X 2014 is a great smartphone.. Even with its camera’s shortcomings the Moto X 2014 can be considered one of the best overall smartphones out. It’s one of the only phones you can have customize yourself and it’s available on most carriers. Its battery life is decent and it’s built in Moto apps are some o... Even with its camera’s shortcomings the Moto X 2014 can be considered one of the best overall smartphones out. It’s one of the only phones you can have customize yourself and it’s available on most carriers. Its battery life is decent and it’s built in Moto apps are some of the best from a phone maker. Also working closely with Google, it will or rather has been one of the first devices to already receive Lollipop. Being that the Moto X is 5.2” it doesn’t fall into phablet territory and can be considered a nice sized device. Check out the Moto X 2014 and see why it maybe one of the best of the year.. Chose to compete in terms of features and general user experience. The 2014 Moto X is a solidly built, fast, Android flagship with a good screen, excellent call quality, stock Android, and clever Moto Voice software features. But the battery life, price, and camera keep it from being perfect though.. The 2014 Moto X is a solidly built, fast, Android flagship with a good screen, excellent call quality, stock Android, and clever Moto Voice software features. But the battery life, price, and camera keep it from being perfect though.. The first Moto X was a good phone, but its hardware was on the shaky side. Now Motorola has returned with a fix. It isn't flawless—the battery life is just okay and the screen colours aren't natural—but the 2014 Moto X is an easy recommend for anyone who doesn't mind. The first Moto X was a good phone, but its hardware was on the shaky side. Now Motorola has returned with a fix. It isn't flawless—the battery life is just okay and the screen colours aren't natural—but the 2014 Moto X is an easy recommend for anyone who doesn't mind. Its virtually stock-Android interface, unique design and perfectly responsive system make the Moto X a pleasure to use. If you're allergic to the Nexus 5's phablet form factor, then it can make a good alternative.. Overall I quite liked the new Moto X, it offers possibly the most Nexus like experience on a non Nexus and because of that you can only really applaud Motorola. However when you compare it to the other flagship devices in circulation at the moment you wonder if that whole “stock Android&rdq... Overall I quite liked the new Moto X, it offers possibly the most Nexus like experience on a non Nexus and because of that you can only really applaud Motorola. However when you compare it to the other flagship devices in circulation at the moment you wonder if that whole “stock Android” thing is really that great. There are devices around at the moment with similar or better specs, better cameras, better batteries and with more expansion capabilities. The only thing that the Moto X really has going for it is the clever software, the fact it will probably one of the first devices to get Android 5.0 and the fact you can design your own model when you order it.. The Moto X (2014) is available from all network carriers in the US for below the usual premium price at $99. For a phone that easily falls in the realm of flagship, it’s great that it doesn’t have the flagship price. A fully unlocked Pure Edition Moto X is also available, with a price that starts at $499. Adding the bamboo back cover and 32 GB of storage for my version brought the phone up to just over $600, so be aware that customization does come at a price.... The Moto X (2014) is available from all network carriers in the US for below the usual premium price at $99. For a phone that easily falls in the realm of flagship, it’s great that it doesn’t have the flagship price. A fully unlocked Pure Edition Moto X is also available, with a price that starts at $499. Adding the bamboo back cover and 32 GB of storage for my version brought the phone up to just over $600, so be aware that customization does come at a price. So there you have it – an in-depth look at the Moto X (2014)! It’s hard not to like a phone when you’ve been given the ability to make it the way you want it. With its predecessor, that might have been the saving grace of what could have been considered a sub-flagship device, but now, the Moto X has matured and gotten its foot in the top-tier door. A bump in the specifications all around keeps it as speedy as its competitors, if not more because of its decidedly spartan Android build. It is found wanting in some areas, but not by much. A bigger battery would have been nice, and more robust camera experience would have been appreciated, but all said and done, the new Moto X offers a very attractive package. Continuing to offer a great Android experience is key, and that is one area in which Motorola has once again succeeded.. Clean, near-stock Android at a low entry price. The second-generation Motorola Moto X smartphone is a welcome return to form, thanks to its excellent performance and smooth, unadulterated Android 4.4 interface.. The second-generation Motorola Moto X smartphone is a welcome return to form, thanks to its excellent performance and smooth, unadulterated Android 4.4 interface.. Offers great general performance and some very intuitive elements. The Motorola Moto X is a phone of hits and misses. It’s tough to ascribe a score to, as these wins and fails affect very important parts of the phone. A nearly-always-on screen and the lock screen notifications all make the phone quicker to use, in a manner that’s gimmick-free. You'd barely even notice some of these speed-increasing elements as features unless you stop and think about what the Moto X is actually doing. As such they're destined to be under-appreciated, but it's their low-key nature which is why they work so well.... The Motorola Moto X is a phone of hits and misses. It’s tough to ascribe a score to, as these wins and fails affect very important parts of the phone. A nearly-always-on screen and the lock screen notifications all make the phone quicker to use, in a manner that’s gimmick-free. You'd barely even notice some of these speed-increasing elements as features unless you stop and think about what the Moto X is actually doing. As such they're destined to be under-appreciated, but it's their low-key nature which is why they work so well. However, the poor screen calibration, so-so battery life and unreliable camera are all serious marks against it. The very likeable elements of the Moto X help dull their impact, but when, at the time of writing, you can buy an LG G3 for the same price, we’re just not convinced the Moto X is performing at the level it needs to.. I've had a multitude of Android phones. This is the best so far. Wish it was a little smaller and had a better battery. Especially when your on the road.. I am mpt a fan of the contoured back, but I like the bamboo I opted for.. Also wish it had stereo speakers. I've had a multitude of Android phones. This is the best so far. Wish it was a little smaller and had a better battery. Especially when your on the road.. I am mpt a fan of the contoured back, but I like the bamboo I opted for.. Also wish it had stereo speakers. I am hoping Telus will very the z4 compact. Though I may give the IPhone 7 ago. Its cool...a bumper case looks even cooler...its lightning fast though the camera should have improved. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen): Unboxing & Review. Motorola Moto G3 , Moto X2, Moto X Play Remover conta google 100%. Galaxy Note 4 features, iPhone 6 leaks, Moto X+1 camera & more - Pocketnow Daily. Galaxy Note 4 specs, Moto X+1 event, iPhone 6 final parts & more - Pocketnow Daily. Google Nexus 6 features, HTC M8 Prime rumors, Moto X+1 event & more - Pocketnow Daily. Galaxy S5 Mini, Xperia Z3 Compact, Moto X+1 Rumors, and Android L. Moto X+1 and Galaxy Note 4!. Google Nexus 8 specs, iWatch design rumors, Moto X+1 leaks & more - Pocketnow Daily. Android 4.4.3 details, Windows Phone 8.1 review, leather Moto X+1 & more - Pocketnow Daily. Apple hates its own ads, Google's Android TV, Moto X+1 & more - Pocketnow Daily. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola moto x 2nd gen. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola moto x 2nd gen. Save motorola moto x 2nd gen to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola moto x 2nd gen to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. motorola moto x 2nd gen :. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) XT1097 - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Brand New in Sealed Box Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1097 5.2" SMARTPHONE. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); 16GB. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Verizon - 32GB - Bamboo - Gently Used. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1096 64GB (Verizon) Unlocked Bamboo/Wood USA. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen ( Verizon ) XT1096 - 16GB - Black - CLEAN IMEI. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Smart Cellphone, 16GB Black White. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone XT1095. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame. 2 new & refurbished from $40.99. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen X+1 XT1097 5.2" 3G 4G Touch Screen Wifi NFC 13MP Android. New Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation XT1097 AT&T 16GB 13MP GPS NFC 5.2" Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); charge port fix needed. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (AT&T/H20/Stra ight Talk) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen MOTXT1096FL Football Leather Back SmartPhone #2998. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. For Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 XT1092 LCD Digitizer Touch Screen Frame. Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation 16GB BLACK US Cellular. motorola moto-x 2nd generation xt1094 motherboard mainboard, clean esn. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); 16GB. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); 16GB. NEW Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone Ship Fast XT1097. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Verizon & GSM Unlocked Bamboo 4G LTE 5.2" 16GB White. Motorola Moto X 2 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 r (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. White For Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1097 XT1095 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Frame. 64GB Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) XT1097 Unlocked 5.2'' 4G AT&T Smartphone US. 64GB Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1096 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone US. New Motorola Moto X 4G XT1097 2nd Gen 16GB White Dark Bamboo Unlocked Smartphone. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1092 XT1097 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame. White Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1092 XT1095 XT1096 LCD Digitizer + Touch Screen. NEW MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN XT1092 16GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE BOXED GSM. Motorola Moto X+1 X 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 LCD Screen Display Digitizer Touch+Bezel. 4 new & refurbished from $54.99. 5.2for Motorola Moto X2 Case For Motorola Moto X2 moto x 2nd Gen XT1097 Cover. NEW MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN XT1092 16GB WHITE BAMBOO FACTORY UNLOCKED LTE 4G GSM. **USED** Motorola 2nd Generation Moto X Unlocked Smart Phone. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1092 XT1097 LCD Digitizer Touch Screen Frame Assembly. New ATT Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1097 BEZEL LCD Frame Front Housing Black/white. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1092 XT1097 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame Bezel. Motorola Moto X+1 X 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 LCD Screen Display Digitizer Touch Frame. 4 new & refurbished from $54.99. Motorola Moto X 2 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Moto X 2 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 c (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Moto X+1 X 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 LCD Screen Display Digitizer Touch+Bezel. 4 new & refurbished from $54.99. LCD Digitizer Frame Assembly Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen White Replacement Part. Motorola Moto X+1 X 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 LCD Screen Display Digitizer Touch Frame. LCD, Digitizer & Frame Assembly for Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen White Display Screen. Motorola Moto X+1 X 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 LCD Screen Display Digitizer Touch Glass. MOTOROLA X (2ND GENERATION) XT1098 BLACK CDMA LTE B13 LRA ONLY GSM-UNLOCK NEW. FULL Assembly Black LCD Screen +Tool for Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen X2 2014 ZVLS601. Black Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1092 XT1095 XT1096 LCD Digitizer + Touch Screen. Customs services and international tracking provided. 1-3 Days Priority Available + US LOCATION. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Uk Seller-One Year Warranty 13MP Camera 2G RAM 5.2" LCD. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Waterproof Bag. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
The New Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Review. by Joshua Ho on September 17, 2014 9:00 AM EST. 1.7 GHz Dual Core Snapdragon S4 Pro. 2.5 GHz Quad Core Snapdragon 801. 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Qualcomm MDM9x15 IP block UE Category 3 LTE). 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Qualcomm MDM9x25 IP block UE Category 4 LTE). 129 x 65.3 x 5.7-10.4mm, 139 grams. 140.8 x 72.4 x 3.8-9.9 mm, 144 grams. 10MP Rear Facing, 1/2.6" CMOS size (OV10820), 2.1MP FFC. 13MP Rear Facing, 1/3.06" CMOS size (Sony IMX135), 2.1MP FFC. 802.11a/b/g/n/ac + BT 4.0, USB2.0, GPS/GNSS, MHL, DLNA, NFC. 802.11a/b/g/n/ac + BT 4.1, USB2.0, GPS/GNSS, MHL, DLNA, NFC. 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 17, 29. 2, 4, 5, 12, 17, 25, 26, 41. While I talked about Motorola’s issues in the launch article for the new Moto X, it’s well worth repeating. Motorola has been through a lot these past few years. Once the iconic symbol of Android with their Droid smartphones, Motorola had lost its way. It wasn’t unusual to see one phone launch after the other, with no real regard for strategy, and no real cohesive message to tie all of their devices together. If anything, there was a point where Motorola had become an ODM for network operators in the US, with no real international presence. After Google acquired it in 2012, we saw the launch of the Moto X in 2013. The amount of hype that I saw online before the announcement of the Moto X was unlike anything I’ve ever seen.. Unfortunately, the device that launched didn’t quite fit with the hype. The Snapdragon S4 Pro chipset was decidedly mid-range by the time it launched. The display was good for the time, but AMOLED wasn’t quite the imminent LCD replacement that it is today. The camera was also rather unfortunate at launch. For better or worse, the Moto X was a phone with the right size and shape, but a lot of hardware choices that aged poorly. This leads us to the new Moto X. On the surface, this phone corrects a lot of issues that were present in the original Moto X. The new Moto X brings an SoC that is up to par with its competition, a new camera with a Sony sensor, and an improved AMOLED panel. Of course, I’m not going to spend too much time covering the basic specifications when a table will suffice.. As with most reviews, physical impressions are always a good place to start. In terms of look and feel, the new Moto X starts off incredibly well. The metal frame is something that Motorola is especially proud of, as they've managed to enable an external antenna design without causing some of the infamous deathgrip issues. At any rate, it really feels great in the hand, especially because of the varying thickness. The metal frame can be as thin as 3.3mm in the corners, which really feels razor thin. Fortunately, the center is much thicker to provide for better grip. As a result, the phone is secure in the hand and I never really felt like I would drop it. Overall, I really think the feel of the phone is great. While the size is approaching an uncomfortable level, it manages to stay just short of it because the phone is so thin.. However, I’d like to cut this short as I’ve already given most of my initial impressions in the launch piece. While I haven’t been able to get around to writing my experience with Motorola’s tour, Motorola and their PR team have done an incredible job of introducing the product and allowing for plenty of time to get first impressions, photos, and ask all kinds of questions.. Instead, given the amount of information disclosed by Motorola, I wanted to start this review with a discussion about cellular architecture, as it’s one of the few areas where we still seem to be working with black boxes. For those that are unfamiliar with the basics of how current RF architecture is set up, there are a few major components to talk about. We have antennas, antenna switches and duplexers, band filters, power amplifiers, a transceiver (which is made of multiple parts but that’s for another day), and the modem.. So let’s talk about what’s in the new Moto X. While antennas are still an area I’ve been working on learning more about, we can talk about band support on the Moto X. I’ve attached a table below with a full list of supported bands.. What might be notable is the lack of carrier aggregation on the new Moto X, which suggests that there is only a WTR1625L transceiver inside, with no WFR1620 companion chip to go with it. This is a rather conventional configuration at this point, and I suspect that phones with support for carrier aggregation will have to wait until WTR3925 which should be in most high end phones in 2015. The modem is also common at this point, as the MDM9x25 IP block in Snapdragon 800/801 has been around since the LG G2 which launched a year ago.. Of course, the real story here is the antenna tuner which I also wrote about in the launch piece. While most of the antenna tuner is hidden from view, there is one aspect that seems to be exposed to the OS. This one aspect is Cypress Semiconductor’s CapSense controller. This sounds strange, but I don’t think there’s any other explanation for why this controller is present. While it’s normally used for capacitive buttons such as in the Samsung Galaxy S/Galaxy Note line, there are no capacitive buttons or sliders present on the phone. In addition, none of the gestures/actions seem to rely upon capacitive sensing. This seems to rely upon the IR sensor system instead, so that doesn’t make sense either. The touchscreen is definitely an Atmel solution. While a bit outlandish, it seems that this controller is capable of detecting capacitance directly in addition to determining whether a finger/hand is on the sensor or not. While I’m sure that it’s necessary for Motorola to measure the standing wave ratio/signal reflection in addition to capacitive sensing on the relevant antenna pieces, this could give Motorola’s antenna tuner an advantage in speed as the capacitive sensors could detect the change in capacitance and pre-emptively change the tuning in the antennas instead of waiting for an increase in signal reflection before attempting to retune the antenna.. Please log in or sign up to comment.. AppleCrappleHater2 - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. A dream comes true, finally, the first time in my life being the first to post a comment on a newly published article on AT. tipoo - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. NeatOman - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. Leave the guy alone, no one likes a bully... But! Only sometimes were I can't help it laugh :). soccerballtux - Thursday, September 18, 2014 - link. I'm happy to hear he was so happy. on topic, as an avid user of MightyText (text from PC via wifi or cell data), my Nexus 5 battery woes are no more. Trimming txt usage off the screen on time has given me the battery life I required most days. I think this review neglected to mention the battery life savings available with this MotoConnect feature. CanvasExtractor - Wednesday, October 15, 2014 - link. Sadly Google crippled KitKat's SMS APIs so badly that MightyText cannot mark messages sent (as far as I can tell) or even show MMSes in the stream of messages you send and receive. Hopefully Google will take note and fix this, instead of forcing us to rely on per-device features ("bloatware?") to fix their problem. craighamilton - Saturday, December 06, 2014 - link. Seems to be a nice phone, but when you look at consumer based rankings (such as http://www.topreport.org/phones/ for example) it is nowhere to be found within the top. n13L5 - Saturday, September 20, 2014 - link. Too bad being from Greedle, it lacks a Micro SD card... I'd just buy it for the ultra cool bamboo otherwise!. marcokatz - Friday, September 26, 2014 - link. Back to topic: The Moto X 2 is a fantastic phone, that's for sure, and the only other phone that can compete with it is the HTC One M8. Mayuyu - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. BTW, is there going to be a iPhone review? Or has the Apple fans on staff left and there isn't anyone interested in doing iPhone coverage?. Alexey291 - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. They don't have a review device yet. Or aren't allowed to release the review until a certain date. So they spam all these crappy "there's swiftkey in ios now", "swiftkey works ok in ios" and "we found a leaked benchmark but we think it might be true" articles (aka clickbait articles). IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors Moto X Cases. Showing 40 of 155778 results that match your query.. Product - OtterBox Motorola Moto X Case Commuter Series. 99 - $ 16. OtterBox Moto rola Moto X Case Commuter Series. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case, SecureCard Series Slim Protective Hard Phone Cover with Card Holder Slot. CoverON Moto rola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case , SecureCard Series Slim Protective Hard Phone Cover with Card Holder Slot. Product - Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, Tekcoo(TM) [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Impact Defender Rugged Slim Hard Case Cover Shell For Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation 2014. Moto X (2nd Gen) Case , Tekcoo(TM) [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Impact Defender Rugged Slim Hard Case Cover Shell For Moto rola Moto X 2nd Generation 2014. Product - Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Moto X Force Case | Kinzie Bounce Case, Slim Hybrid Dual Layer Armor[Shock Resistant] Case for Motorola Droid Turbo 2/Moto X Force/Kinzie Bounce - Rainbow Flower. 09 - $ 9. Moto rola Droid Turbo 2 Case | Moto X Force Case | Kinzie Bounce Case , Slim Hybrid Dual Layer Armor[Shock Resistant] Case for Moto rola Droid Turbo 2/ Moto X Force/Kinzie Bounce - Rainbow Flower. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case, Atomic Series Slim Protective Kickstand Phone Cover. 49 - $ 5. CoverON Moto rola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case , Atomic Series Slim Protective Kickstand Phone Cover. Product - i-Blason Halo Series Case for Motorola Moto X Pure (Moto X Style). 93 - $ 8. i-Blason Halo Series Case for Moto rola Moto X Pure ( Moto X Style). Product - Moto X4 Case, Moto X (4th gen.) Case, KAESAR SLEEK DROP PROTECTION Slim Brush Texture Protective Hybrid Defender Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto X 4th Generation (Navy). Moto X4 Case , Moto X (4th gen.) Case , KAESAR SLEEK DROP PROTECTION Slim Brush Texture Protective Hybrid Defender Armor Case Cover for Moto rola Moto X 4th Generation (Navy). Product - for 5.2" Motorola moto X4 ( X 2017 ) Case Belt Holster Phone Case 2 Kick Stands Magnet Mount Ready Hybrid Armor Shock Shield Bumper Cover Black CASE ONLY. 49 - $ 11. for 5.2" Motorola moto X4 ( X 2017 ) Case Belt Holster Phone Case 2 Kick Stands Magnet Mount Ready Hybrid Armor Shock Shield Bumper Cover Black CASE ONLY. Product - Moto X Pure Edition (Moto X Style) Case, Tekcoo(TM) [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Impact Defender Slim Hard Case Cover Shell For 2015 Motorola Moto X Style XT1575. Moto X Pure Edition ( Moto X Style) Case , Tekcoo(TM) [Tmajor Series] Shock Absorbing Hybrid Rubber Plastic Impact Defender Slim Hard Case Cover Shell For 2015 Moto rola Moto X Style XT1575. Product - Moto X Pure Edition (Moto X Style) Case, Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Cover for Motorola Moto X Style / Pure Edition - Black. Moto X Pure Edition ( Moto X Style) Case , Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Cover for Moto rola Moto X Style / Pure Edition - Black. Product - EagleCell Symbiosis Gel Hybrid Rubber Hard Stand Case For Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Black/Green. EagleCell Symbiosis Gel Hybrid Rubber Hard Stand Case For Moto rola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Black/Green. Product - Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case Incipio [Shock Absorbing] DualPro Case for Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen)-White/Gray. Moto rola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case Incipio [Shock Absorbing] DualPro Case for Moto rola Moto X (2nd Gen)-White/Gray. Product - Moto X4 Case, Moto X (4th gen.) Case, KAESAR SLEEK DROP PROTECTION Slim Brush Texture Protective Hybrid Defender Armor Case Cover for Motorola Moto X 4th Generation (Black). Moto X4 Case , Moto X (4th gen.) Case , KAESAR SLEEK DROP PROTECTION Slim Brush Texture Protective Hybrid Defender Armor Case Cover for Moto rola Moto X 4th Generation (Black). Product - Moto Z Play Case, Cimo [X] Premium Slim Protective Cover for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid (2016) - Black. Moto Z Play Case , Cimo [X] Premium Slim Protective Cover for Moto rola Moto Z Play Droid (2016) - Black. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case, HexaGuard Series Hard Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case , HexaGuard Series Hard Phone Cover. Product - Moto G5 Plus, Moto X 2017 Case - Wydan Leather Wallet Style Case Folio Flip Foldable Kickstand Credit Card Cover - Brown. Moto G5 Plus, Moto X 2017 Case - Wydan Leather Wallet Style Case Folio Flip Foldable Kickstand Credit Card Cover - Brown. Product - Motorola Moto X Pure Edition / Style Premium High Quality Black Vertical Leather Case Holster Pouch w/ Magnetic Closure and Swivel Belt Clip. Moto rola Moto X Pure Edition / Style Premium High Quality Black Vertical Leather Case Holster Pouch w/ Magnetic Closure and Swivel Belt Clip. Product - Fosmon SLIM-ULTRA Series Thin Crystal Protective Case Cover for Motorola Moto X (Transparent Black). Fosmon SLIM-ULTRA Series Thin Crystal Protective Case Cover for Moto rola Moto X (Transparent Black). Product - Fosmon Motorola DROID Turbo 2/Motorola Moto X Force HYBO-RAGGED Detachable Hybrid Dual Layer Kickstand Case - Black. Fosmon Moto rola DROID Turbo 2/ Moto rola Moto X Force HYBO-RAGGED Detachable Hybrid Dual Layer Kickstand Case - Black. Product - Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR U.S. Cellular Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop FOR U.S. Cellular Moto rola Moto X (2nd Gen) * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X4 / (Moto X 4th Gen 2017) Case, Shadow Armor Series Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto X4 / ( Moto X 4th Gen 2017) Case , Shadow Armor Series Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover. Product - Moto X4 Case, 2017 Motorola Moto X 4th Generation Holster Clip, Tekcoo [Hoplite] Shock Absorbing [Black] Swivel Locking Belt Defender Heavy Full Body Kickstand Carrying Tank Armor Cases Cover. 99 - $ 8. Moto X4 Case , 2017 Moto rola Moto X 4th Generation Holster Clip, Tekcoo [Hoplite] Shock Absorbing [Black] Swivel Locking Belt Defender Heavy Full Body Kickstand Carrying Tank Armor Case s Cover. Product - Moto X4 Case, 2017 Motorola Moto X 4th Generation Wallet Case, Tekcoo PU Leather Luxury Cash Credit Card Slots Holder Carrying Folio Flip Cover [Detachable Magnetic Hard Case] & Kickstand - Brown. Moto X4 Case , 2017 Moto rola Moto X 4th Generation Wallet Case , Tekcoo PU Leather Luxury Cash Credit Card Slots Holder Carrying Folio Flip Cover [Detachable Magnetic Hard Case ] & Kickstand - Brown. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case, FlexGuard Series Soft Flexible Slim Fit TPU Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case , FlexGuard Series Soft Flexible Slim Fit TPU Phone Cover. Product - DROID MAXX 2 Case, Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Case for Motorola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Smoke. DROID MAXX 2 Case , Cimo [Matte] Premium Slim Fit Flexible TPU Case for Moto rola Verizon DROID MAXX 2 / Moto X Play (2015) - Smoke. Product - New Ballistic Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen Black White Tough Jacket SG Shell Gel Case. New Ballistic Moto rola Moto X 2nd Gen Black White Tough Jacket SG Shell Gel Case. Product - Moto G5 Plus Case, Moto X Case, Sparkle Bling Glitter Bumper 3-Layer Design Hybrid Clear PC TPU Case Cover For Motorola Moto G5 Plus/Moto X - Colorful. Moto G5 Plus Case , Moto X Case , Sparkle Bling Glitter Bumper 3-Layer Design Hybrid Clear PC TPU Case Cover For Moto rola Moto G5 Plus/ Moto X - Colorful. Product - eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Motorola Moto X Pure Edition X Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto rola Moto X Pure Edition X Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. Product - Moto X Pure Edition Rugged Case, Fosmon HYBO-RAGGED Detachable Hybrid Dual Layer Kickstand Case for Motorola Moto X Pure Edition / Motorola Moto X Style - Black / Black. Moto X Pure Edition Rugged Case , Fosmon HYBO-RAGGED Detachable Hybrid Dual Layer Kickstand Case for Moto rola Moto X Pure Edition / Moto rola Moto X Style - Black / Black. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case, WrapGuard Series HD Clear Soft Flexible Slim Fit TPU Phone Cover. CoverON Moto rola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case , WrapGuard Series HD Clear Soft Flexible Slim Fit TPU Phone Cover. Product - CoverON Motorola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case, Explorer Series Protective Holster Belt Clip Phone Cover. 97 - $ 9. CoverON Moto rola Moto X (2017 Version) / G5 Plus Case , Explorer Series Protective Holster Belt Clip Phone Cover. Product - MPERO IMPACT X Series Kickstand Case for Motorola Moto G (1st Gen) - Pink. MPERO IMPACT X Series Kickstand Case for Moto rola Moto G (1st Gen) - Pink. Product - SUPCASE Moto X Pure Unicorn Beetle Pro Protective Case - Black/Black. SUPCASE Moto X Pure Unicorn Beetle Pro Protective Case - Black/Black. Product - Moto X Pure Edition Case, SUPCASE,Unicorn Beetle PRO,Motorola Moto X Style, Rugged Protective Cover- White/Gray. Moto X Pure Edition Case , SUPCASE,Unicorn Beetle PRO, Moto rola Moto X Style, Rugged Protective Cover- White/Gray. Product - eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Motorola Moto X Pure Edition X Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto rola Moto X Pure Edition X Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. Product - EagleCell Hard Hybrid Plastic Silicone Stand Case Holster For Motorola Moto X Style / X Pure Edition - Black/Green. EagleCell Hard Hybrid Plastic Silicone Stand Case Holster For Moto rola Moto X Style / X Pure Edition - Black/Green. Product - EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Soft Hybrid Rubber Hard Stand Case For Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Black. EagleCell Wave Symbiosis Soft Hybrid Rubber Hard Stand Case For Moto rola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Black. Product - EagleCell Hard Dual Layer Plastic Silicone Case Holster For Motorola Moto X Style / X Pure Edition - Black/Hot Pink. EagleCell Hard Dual Layer Plastic Silicone Case Holster For Moto rola Moto X Style / X Pure Edition - Black/Hot Pink. Product - eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Motorola Moto X Pure Edition X Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto rola Moto X Pure Edition X Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. Product - eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto X Play Droid Maxx 2 Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. eDragon Armor Kombo Shell Case Polycarbonate Case for Moto X Play Droid Maxx 2 Black/Black with Belt Clip Holster. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 3895 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-184515561, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) (16 GB). 4.2 4799 Ratings 3 Questions & Answers. The Moto X (2nd Gen) has a 5.2-inch Full HD display. It comes with a 2.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor and 2GB RAM. the latest variants of this phone. The phone has a 2MP front camera and a 13MP rear camera. It runs on the Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. The Moto X (2nd Gen) has connectivity features such as 4G LTE , Wi-Fi , NFC , and GPS. The device comes with 16GB non-expandable internal storage. It is backed by a 2300mAh battery.. Key Specifications Snapdragon 801 processor 2GB RAM 16GB internal storage 2300 mAh battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 2 M.Pixels selfie 5.2 inch screen Single SIM (Nano-SIM) Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat). Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Price in India. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Price starts at Rs. This phone is available in 16 GB, 32 GB storage variants.. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Details. The Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) is a 5.2-inch smartphone with a Full HD (1920x1080) display and Corning Gorilla Glass protection. The display provides a good pixel density of 312ppi. The phone offers vivid options such as Touchless Control so that users can access Google Now with a simple voice command, and offers intuitive notifications that light up the display. The Moto X (2nd Gen) is available in many customizable colours and also with back covers made of leather and wood.. Tthe Moto X runs Android 4.4 KitKat. The smartphone has a 2.5GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor and 2GB RAM which ensures that the user can enjoy easy and quick multitasking and fast performance in apps and games.. The Moto Moto X (2nd Gen) sports a 13-megapixel autofocus rear camera which takes stark and crisp photos and videos. The 2-megapixel front camera supports easy video calling and good selfies. Additional camera features include HDR, touch focus, geo-tagging, panorama and LED flash.. The smartphone has 16GB non-expandable storage. In terms of connectivity, the Moto X (2nd Gen) has varied features such as 4G , DLNA, Wi-Fi hotspot, 3G, NFC, USB port with OTG support, Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac, GPS with AGPS and GLONASS.. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Specifications Display Display Type AMOLED Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.2 Pixel Density 424 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 73.1 % Design and Build Dimensions 5.5 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches Weight 144 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat) Camera Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 2 M.Pixels Video 2160p(HD)@30fps, 1080p(HD)@30fps Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable No Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 2300 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with dual-band, DLNA, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Single SIM (Nano-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Variant Snapdragon 801 Architecture Krait 400 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8974AC Frequency 2.5 GHz GPU Adreno 330 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. The 4G Voice app is compulsory to call and the set will look very very nice. But the Snapdragon is not supported well even after one year.. No, it does not support HDMI.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen). 45 Ratings 5 Reviews. 5 25. 4 10. 3 7. 2 1. 1 2. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Moto X Gen 2 is the big brother of the old Moto X. It is the latest from Motorola. Here is a full fledged analysis- 1) Design and Display- The new Moto X looks far more better than its previous model. It has got a new metal back with aluminium boundary giving it a premium look like the iPhone 6. It is slimmer, thinner and obviously better. It weighs merely 144 g and has a perf ect 5.2 inch AMOLED HD screen with 1080 x 1920 pixels giving it a mind blowing 424 ppi pixel density. It comes with the latest Corning Gorilla Glass 3. It is water resistant and has a nano SIM slot. Overall, everything is different as compared to the previous Moto X. 2) Performance and RAM- It boasts Qualcomm MSM8974AC Snapdragon 801 Quad-core 2.5 GHz Krait 400 clubbed with 2GB RAM. It has the Adreno 330 GPU. It is a beast in terms of performance, much better than the Nexus 5 in terms of individual benchmark scores. You can't imagine what a Snapdragon 801 Krait 400 2.5 GHz quad-core can do. It is currently the maximum a phone has and yet apps has not been made specially for it. So, it can run any sort of app or heavy game with very much smoothness. There won't be a glitch, lag, stutter anywhere. However, a 3GB RAM would have made it unbeatable. Still, it's a beast and it will be for at least 2 years. 3) Software- It comes preloaded with Android 5.0.1 Lollipop which is obviously upgradeable to future updates. It has no bloatware and has a pure style and pure Android experience. It is in fact better than a Nexus 6 as it has some unique Motorola apps in-built which are very much useful. With the Lollipop update, it is just the best in the market due to overwhelming support, animations, material design, a new interface and better optimized apps and performance. "OK Google" can be said when the phone is OFF and tap to wake up is enabled. Many other unique features are included as well. 4) Battery- It has a poor Li-Ion 2300 mAh battery which is not a major upgrade at such a price point. It would last max a day due to its 5.2 HD screen. So, travellers and lazy people have to run for their chargers frequently. 5) Camera- It has a better 13 MP camera with 4128 x 3096 pixels, autofocus, dual-LED flash and other features. All the new apps are better like the Google Camera. It captures crisp and clear pictures and hence is a sure upgrade. 6) Storage- It has in-built 16/32/64 GB storage and does not support microSD card for expandable storage. Hence, it's not a plus for those who download apps, games, videos, click many photos and videos. Verdict- It is bit expensive but according to its features, specs, design, it's a worth upgrade for those looking for a phone in a range of 25-30k. It is much better than a Nexus or an iPhone at this price. So, it is the best phone of 2014. It is the best of all. Overall, considering brand value, competition and all other factors, I rate it 4.7 out of 5. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Motorola mobile price list in India. Oppo F5 Youth price (Rs. Oppo F3 Plus price in India (Rs. Oppo F3 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen). Motorola Moto X Play 32 GB. Upcoming Moto X (2016) images surface online. After a year-long break Motorola is almost ready to introduce the next iteration of its flagship smartphone - the Moto X 2016 While the rumours are already rife about the possible hardware inside the press images of the Moto X 2016 made an appearance onlineon Saturday The leak could indicat. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) was obtained on 26th February 2018 09:06:27 The Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) is available in The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Price in India is Rs. 14,999 as on 26th February 2018 09:06:27. Motorola Quad Core Mobiles Under 15000. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Xiaomi Blackshark LG K10 Plus 2018 Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. LG K10 Alpha 2018 Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... View all photos (57). Discontinued: Verizon , AT&T , U.S. Click to read the full review. Based on 24 User reviews. Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. With the new Moto X we are getting a 5.2-inch AMOLED display running at 1080p, a customized Snapdragon 801 clocked at 2.5GHz, 2GB of RAM, a 13-megapixel camera, and a 2300mAh battery. The device measures 72.4 x 140.8mm (~2.85 x 5.54-inches) and the width ranges from 3.8 mm (0.15-inches) at the edge to 9.9mm (0.39-inches) at in the middle, and it will weigh 144 g (5.08oz). Sadly, the back logo is not a button, although it does look like one. But, the edge-to-edge design means that Motorola has been able to fit a slightly larger display in the same device width as the Samsung Galaxy S5.. HTC One M9 vs Motorola Moto X 2014 Motorola Moto X 2014 vs Samsung Galaxy S5 Apple iPhone 6 vs Motorola Moto X 2014 Motorola Moto X 2014 vs Moto X 2013 Motorola Moto X Review Motorola Moto X (2014) hands-on Motorola Moto X (2014) manual Motorola Moto X (2014) benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.54 x 2.85 x 0.39 inches (140.8 x 72.4 x 9.9 mm). Weight: 5.08 oz (144 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.2 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Digital zoom. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1800, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20. Data: LTE, HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 04 Sep 2014. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Motorola XT1093 , Motorola XT1094 , Motorola XT1092 , Motorola XT1096 , Motorola XT1095 , Motorola XT1097 , Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) , Motorola Moto X (2014) Pure Edition. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 12, 17, 5, 26, 4, 2, 25. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Motorola Moto X (2014) XT1096 (for Verizon). UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 13, 4, 3, 2, 7. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. Motorola Moto X (2014) XT1097 (for AT&T). UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 17, 5, 4, 3, 2, 7. Motorola Moto X (2014) XT1093 (for US. UMTS: 850, 900, 1800, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 12, 17, 5, 26, 4, 2. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Motorola Moto X (2014) XT1095 (Pure Edition, for T-Mobile). UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 17, 5, 4, 3, 2. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Motorola Moto X (2014) (Pure Edition). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto X (2014) specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Until May 17th, use this coupon code to save $50 on the 32GB and 64GB Motorola Moto X (2014). Verizon and AT&T Motorola Moto X (2014) just $99.99 at Best Buy. Motorola will unlock the bootloader on the Verizon branded second-generation Moto X. Second-generation Motorola Moto X receives Android 6.0 update. Second-generation Motorola Moto X is updated to Android 6.0 in India. Motorola announces its deals for Cyber Monday. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Middle East and Africa - English. Rest of Asia Pacific - English. Rest of Latin America and Caribbean - Spanish. United States of America - English. Middle East and Africa - English. Rest of Asia Pacific - English. Rest of Latin America and Caribbean - Spanish. United States of America - English. Your machine is out of warranty!. MOTOROLA and the Stylized M Logo are registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC. Android is a trademark of Google LLC; Oreo is a trademark of Mondelez International, Inc. 
Home >> Phones >> Motorola >>Moto X (2nd Gen). Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) is a Smart Phone Powered by Android 4.4.4 KitKat and 13 MP Auto Focus Rear Camera with 4K Video recording.. Also available in 32GB for Rs. 32999, Bamboo White and Black Leather Variants for Rs. - 2.5 GHz Quad-Core MSM8974-AC Snapdragon 801 Processor. - 5.2 Inch 1080p AMOLED Display. - 13MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. - 2MP Front Facing Camera. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Specifications. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Orders ship same business day if placed by 5pm PST. Parts Tools Guides Wholesale Blog Contact. iPhone iPad iPod Apple Watch Mac Samsung Google HTC LG Motorola OnePlus More Brands. iPhone Repair Guides & Videos >. iPad Repair Guides & Videos >. iPod Chargers & Accessories >. iPod Repair Guides & Videos >. Apple Watch (38mm - Series 1) >. Apple Watch (42 mm - Series 1) >. Apple Watch (38mm - Series 2) >. Apple Watch (42mm - Series 2) >. Apple Watch (38mm - Series 3) >. Apple Watch (42mm - Series 3) >. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime G610 >. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro J730 >. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo >. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge G935 >. Samsung Repair Guides & Videos >. HTC Repair Guides & Videos >. LG Repair Guides & Videos >. Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) >. Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) >. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) >. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition >. Motorola Repair Guides & Videos >. Tools > Guides > Wholesale > Blog > Contact >. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Delivery: Ships today if ordered by 5pm PST.. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Display Assembly (LCD and Touch Screen) - Black. ◀ Return to Previous Page. I accept the Terms and Conditions. This is not an email address!. Please enter 6 or more characters!. Please enter 16 or less characters!. Free Opening Tool and Adhesive included!. Please review our Disclaimer, before purchase!. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Display Assembly (LCD and Touch Screen) - Black. Fixez.com has everything you need to repair your 2nd Gen Motorola Moto X smartphone, including this high quality 5.2” Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Black Display Assembly (LCD & Digitizer/Front Panel) that comes with a 100% guarantee. If your Motorola handset has a non-responsive or shattered touch screen, or dead pixels/discoloration on the LCD, this brand new touch screen and LCD assembly ( 1080 x 1920 pixels,. 424 ppi) is exactly what you need to get your Moto X (2014) working like new again.. At Fixez.com, we provide you with factory tested 2nd Gen Moto X replacement parts, premium repair tools and step-by-step DIY instructions- everything you need to complete the repair quickly, and affordably. When you order this Moto X (2014) screen replacement, we will also include an adhesive strip, plastic opening tool and disassemble guide with your order- for free. We know that you are anxious to use your Motorola handset to see what your family and friends are up to on social media, browse the Internet, read emails and more, so we will ship your order the same day if placed by 5pm PST. Don’t be fooled by other online shops (i.e. Amazon and eBay) selling poor quality, refurbished replacement parts with no instructions. Fix your Moto X (2nd Gen) screen right the first time with help from Fixez.com.. If you’re uncomfortable attempting the Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) DIY repair, we have you covered there too. Our skilled technicians can fix your device for you, call 866-233-6460 or email. and one of our friendly USA-based agents will help you with whatever you need. Also be sure to check out our. for further information and answers to common questions.. If you are looking to place a wholesale order, you can apply for an account by clicking. Motorola Moto X XT1093 (US Cellular). Motorola Moto X XT1095 (Pure Edition, T-Mobile). Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Black Display Assembly (LCD & Digitizer/Front Panel). 5.2" ( 1080 x 1920 pixels , 424. Affordable 2nd Generation Moto X repair part. Fast shipping; same day if ordered by 5pm PST. Free Plastic Opening Tool and Adhesive Strip. Free Motorola Moto X (2014) Disassemble Guide. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Display Assembly with Frame - Black. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Display Assembly with Frame - White. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Display Assembly (LCD and Touch Screen) - White. Receive emails about special offers, promotions, product information and news.. Check Your Email To Confirm Subscription. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for moto x 2nd gen. All Listings - Current page. results for moto x 2nd gen. Save moto x 2nd gen to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow moto x 2nd gen to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); 16GB. Brand New in Sealed Box Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1097 5.2" SMARTPHONE. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) XT1097 - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Smart Cellphone, 16GB Black White. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1096 Verizon 16GB 32GB 4G Android CUSTOMIZED Colors. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone XT1095. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1096 64GB (Verizon) Unlocked Bamboo/Wood USA. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen ( Verizon ) XT1096 - 16GB - Black - CLEAN IMEI. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Verizon - 32GB - Bamboo - Gently Used. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Smart Cellphone, 16GB Black White. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1097 5.2 "Touch Screen 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 3G&4G GPS WIFI. Rugged Armor Hybrid Case Cover Clip Holster For Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen 2014 X2. Pokeball Pokemon Pokedex Moto X E G X 2nd Generation G 2 3 4 5 Plus Phone Case. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen MOTXT1096FL Football Leather Back SmartPhone #2998. New Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation XT1097 AT&T 16GB 13MP 4G LTE Smartphone Black. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); 16GB. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); charge port fix needed. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) "REPUBLIC WIRELESS" (black); 16GB. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (AT&T/H20/Stra ight Talk) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation 16GB BLACK US Cellular. LCD Display Touch Screen For Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen 2014 X+1 XT1092+ Frame Part. Buck Real Tree Camo Heart for Moto X E G X 2nd Generation G 2 G 3 D 3 Phone Case. NEW Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone Ship Fast XT1097. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. Motorola MOTO X 2014 2nd GEN XT1097 XT1096 Volume Button OEM-SAME DAY SHIP CA. Google Locked Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1095 Unknown Carrier Check IMEI GL. motorola moto-x 2nd generation xt1094 motherboard mainboard, clean esn. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. PArts or Repair Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1097 16GB LTE AT&T. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Lot of 2 * Various Issues. 64GB Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) XT1097 Unlocked 5.2'' 4G AT&T Smartphone US. Motorola Moto X XT1097 2nd Gen 16GB GSM Unlocked Smartphone-Bla ck-Fair. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone - CRACKED AS IS. 64GB Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen XT1096 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone US. Motorola Moto X 2 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 (Verizon) Unlocked Smart Phone *UNTESTED*. PureGear Glass Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen). Getwow Qi Wireless Charging Dock Samsung Gear S2 And Moto360 2Nd Gen New. New Motorola Moto X 4G XT1097 2nd Gen 16GB White Dark Bamboo Unlocked Smartphone. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen Broken Screen - LCD/Digitizer - AS IS. NEW MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN XT1092 16GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE BOXED GSM. **USED** Motorola 2nd Generation Moto X Unlocked Smart Phone. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. Moto X (2nd Gen) 16GB White with burgundy. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation XT1097 - 32GB - White (AT&T) Smartphone orange. Motorola Moto X 2 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Moto X 2 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 c (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola MOTO X 2nd Gen 16GB - White (AT&T) Smartphone LCD Burn Clean IMEI 15624. 6 new & refurbished from $80.74. *Good Condition* Motorola Moto X (CDMA, 2nd gen.) 4G LTE Verizon. Motorola Moto X 2 2nd Gen 2014 XT1096 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone. Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) XT1097 ATT Unlocked Cellphone, 32GB. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Verizon & GSM Unlocked Bamboo 4G LTE 5.2" 16GB White. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone Bundle *9/10*. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen) 16GB Black (US Cellular)- Read Full Descritpion #33T50. NEW MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN XT1092 16GB WHITE BAMBOO FACTORY UNLOCKED LTE 4G GSM. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen) XT1093 32GB White (U.S. Motorola MOTO X (2nd Gen.) - 16GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone. Motorola Moto X 2014 2nd Gen Battery Back Door Cover OEM Walnut Finish. NIB OtterBox Defender Series Case W/Clip for Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen - Black. Customs services and international tracking provided. 1-3 Days Priority Available + US LOCATION. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Uk Seller-One Year Warranty 13MP Camera 2G RAM 5.2" LCD. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Недостатки Motorola Moto X new от FERUMM.COM. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Samsung Galaxy Note8 vs OnePlus 5T сравнение флагманов. Что выбрать если Pixel не хочется?. Owning a Moto X 2nd Gen in 2016 (4K). Сравнение LG V30+ и Samsung Galaxy Note8 или как корейцы рынок "лопат" деребанят. 25+ Moto X (2nd gen) Tips and Tricks. Maquillaje Halloween Sonrisa de Joker Makeup FX #30 | Silvia Quiros. DIY Detox Drinks: Tonic, Tea, & Cleanser!. Xiaomi Mi Max 2 - огромный кусок Г или лопата над ошибками? Обзор Xiaomi Mi Max 2 от FERUMM.COM. Опыт использования LG V30+ и Q&A: дополняя обзор. Все что нужно знать о LG V30+. Сравнение флагманов из Китая: Xiaomi Mi6 vs Honor 9 что лучше? Cмартфоны до 5,5": Huawei или Xiaomi?. Gummy Worm EOS | Pass or Fail| CAKEY. Motorola MOTO X 2nd gen (2014) Disassembly - Screen Replacement - Glass Only Repair Educational. Top 10 Reasons Why Moto X (2nd Gen) is Better Than iPhone 6. iPhone 6 vs Moto X (2nd Gen) Speed Test. Самый нафаршированный смартфон 2017! Обзор Samsung Galaxy Note8 - круче уже некуда.. Обзор Xiaomi Mi Notebook Pro и сравнение с MacBook Pro. Дешево и сердито, но не то же самое.. Особенности, сильные стороны и недостатки Xperia Z5 от FERUMM.COM. Samsung Galaxy A8 и A8+ 2018: подробный обзор. Все козыри и недостатки Galaxy A8, A8 Plus 2018. Все что нужно знать о Moto X 2014 от FERUMM.COM. LG G6 - музыкальный фото-флагман или в очередной раз "мимо"? Подробный обзор LG G6. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) Vs Motorola Moto X (1st Gen.). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Today we are comparing the Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) and Motorola Moto X (1st Gen.) Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) Vs Motorola Moto X (1st Gen.) The easy and simple comparison in just few minutes.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Moto X 2014 vs Moto X 2013. 20+ Tips and Tricks for the Moto X. Top 10 Reasons Why Moto X (2nd Gen) is Better Than iPhone 6. Moto X Special Features - Touchless Controls & Active Notifications. Motorola Moto X First Boot & Interface Demo / Pre-Installed Apps / Camera - PhoneRadar. Moto X for India Unboxing and Hands on first look - iGyaan. 10 Best Must Have Apps for Moto X (2nd Gen). Moto X (2nd Gen): Tear Down and Exploration. Moto X (2nd Gen) 2014 Review - Is it Still Worth It?. Moto X 2014 2nd Gen Review - Good & The Bad. DROID MAXX and Moto X (2nd Gen). Moto X (2014) vs Galaxy S5. Moto G 2014 VS Moto X 2013. iPhone 6 vs Moto X (2nd Gen) - Full Comparison. Moto X (2014) vs Moto X (2013) in 4K. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Advanced Search & Map International Locations. Locate Me Or Type a Location Instead. CPR Cell Phone Repair offers a limited lifetime warranty on all parts and labor associated with your repair. If your repair fails due to a defective. replacement part or workmanship associated with the. repair, we will resolve the issue free of charge.. Find The Closest CPR Store View All Repairs. About Us Overview Contact Us Franchise Overview The Industry The Business Investment Partnership Our Process Request More Information Resource Center Blog Common Issues Customer Support Going Green Press Releases CPR Warranty FAQs. Repair Locations Business & Education CPR For Business CPR For Education Buy, Sell, Trade More. Home Repair Services Smartphones Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen). Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Repair Services. Moto X (2nd Gen), having a reliable Moto X (2nd Gen). repair service that you can count on definitely provides peace of mind. When your Moto X (2nd Gen) needs anything from a screen repair to. a battery replacement, CPR has the parts, tools, and experience to get the job done right – quickly and hassle-free. You can also sell your Moto X (2nd Gen) to CPR or. one of the many premium pre-owned devices. GET IT FIXED FAST! FIND YOUR LOCAL CPR. Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) Screen Repairs Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) Water Damage. The Motorola Moto X (2 nd Generation) smartphone was released in September 2014, and it offers an impressive array of features. This phone features a 5.2-inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen display in 16M color with multitouch capacity.. In addition to having a powerful AMOLED display, the Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) screen is made from Gorilla Corning Glass 3 for maximum durability. This smartphone can handle a lot of wear and tear, though the screen is still prone to scratches, cracks, and breaks if you do not handle it carefully. Keeping your Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) in a protective case is your best bet to prevent damage, but if you do damage your smartphone screen, you do not need to panic – Cell Phone Repair (CPR) has your back. Stop in for a free consultation and see what kind of deal we can make on Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) repair services.. Although many people love the Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) screen, even more impressive is the fact that this phone is water-resistant. The Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) is able to withstand some exposure to moisture without damage, but you still need to be careful about dropping your phone in water. The Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) is still prone to water damage if the screen is cracked, so you should consider keeping your phone in a waterproof protective case. In the event that your Motorola Moto X (2 nd Gen) does sustain water damage, it is not the end of the world. At CPR, our expert technicians have the skills and experience to conquer all types of water damage, restoring your phone to like-new function in no time at all.. When you’re in need of Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) repair services, look no further than Cell Phone Repair.. Whether your device is suffering from a cracked screen, water damage, or any other issue, you can count on CPR’s Motorola smartphone repair services to be speedy and budget-friendly! Find a CPR Cell Phone Repair store near you to receive a free estimate and diagnosis on your Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) repair.. We Can Fix Your Moto X (2nd Gen) Same Day Repairs Drop It Off or Mail It In – You Decide Only High-Quality Parts Specially Trained Staff Free Estimates Buy / Sell / Trade Your Current Device Local Service Limited Lifetime Warranty. Find your local CPR Location to repair your Moto X (2nd Gen) Store Locator. CPR Knowledge Base Latest Common Issues Data Recovery Battery Replacement & Repair iPhone 7 Home Button Replacement Samsung Galaxy S7 Power Button Repair iPad 2 Digitizer Replacement – Professional Repair or a DIY Fix? Which iPhone 6 Screen Replacement is Right for You? iPad 4 Water Damage Repair iPhone X Camera Repair Samsung Galaxy S5 Battery Replacement Guide Samsung Galaxy S6 Battery Replacement. Have a Question? Contact Us. All CPR Stores are independently owned and operated and may not offer all of the repair and warranty types listed on this website. Contact your local store for their specific repair capabilities and warranty terms. All product and company names are trademarks of their respective holders. iPhone, iPad, iPod, iPod touch, Mac and iMac are registered trademarks and property of Apple, Inc. CPR is a third-party repair company and is not affiliated with Apple.. Repair Services Smartphones Amazon Fire Phone BlackBerry iPhone Google Pixel HTC Smartphone Samsung Sony Microsoft Motorola Nokia LG Tablets iPad Google Nexus Microsoft Surface Samsung Tablet Consoles Nintendo PlayStation Xbox MP3 iPod Other MP3 Players Locations Business & Education CPR For Business Business & Education Buy, Sell, Trade About Us Overview Contact Us Franchises Overview The Industry The Business Investment Partnership Our Process Request More Information Resource Center Blog Common Issues Contact Us Going Green Press Releases CPR Warranty FAQs. 
Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Prices & Plans. memory (useable capacity will be less). While its competitors figure out how to cram more and more into our phones, Motorola takes a simpler path towards a bett.... WhistleOut Read our full review. Alcatel ONETOUCH Pop Icon 2 LTE. You can also copy the link from your browser's address bar.. Compare Plans for the Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.). Step 1 - Phone Size. No phones found matching your criteria, please choose more options. Please choose at least 1 option. More to pay today / upfront. Included in Plan Subject to Credit Checks. Mid-Range ($200 - $600 RRP). Alcatel ( 1 ). Asus ( 1 ). BlackBerry ( 1 ). CoolPad ( 1 ). Essential ( 1 ). Google ( 1 ). GreatCall ( 1 ). HTC ( 1 ). Huawei ( 1 ). Kyocera ( 1 ). Sonim ( 1 ). Sony ( 1 ). T-Mobile ( 1 ). Note: The {0} is only available from:. Include closest match phones from other carriers?. Sorry, we were not able to find any results that match your search criteria.. Consumer Cellular: Runs on AT&T network. Cricket: Runs on AT&T network. H2O Wireless: Nationwide GSM 4G LTE network. Net10: Runs on AT&T network. Pure TalkUSA: Runs on AT&T network. Red Pocket: Runs on AT&T network. ROK Mobile: Runs on AT&T network. Straight Talk: Runs on AT&T network. TracFone: Runs on AT&T network. Boost Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. CREDO Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. FreedomPop: Runs on Sprint network. Net10: Runs on Sprint network. Project Fi: Runs on Sprint network. Red Pocket: Runs on Sprint network. Republic Wireless: Runs on Sprint network. ROK Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. Straight Talk: Runs on Sprint network. Tello: Runs on Sprint network. TextNow: Runs on Sprint network. The People's Operator: Runs on Sprint network. Ting: Runs on Sprint network. TracFone: Runs on Sprint network. Twigby: Runs on Sprint network. Virgin Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. Consumer Cellular: Runs on T-Mobile network. MetroPCS: Runs on T-Mobile network. Mint SIM: Runs on T-Mobile network. Net10: Runs on T-Mobile network. Project Fi: Runs on T-Mobile network. Red Pocket: Runs on T-Mobile network. Republic Wireless: Runs on T-Mobile network. Simple Mobile: Runs on T-Mobile network. Straight Talk: Runs on T-Mobile network. TextNow: Runs on T-Mobile network. The People's Operator: Runs on T-Mobile network. Ting: Runs on T-Mobile network. TracFone: Runs on T-Mobile network. Ultra Mobile: Runs on T-Mobile network. US Mobile: Runs on T-Mobile network. CREDO Mobile: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. GreatCall: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Net10: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Page Plus: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Red Pocket: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. ROK Mobile: America's largest CDMA 4G LTE network. Straight Talk: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Total Wireless: America's largest & most dependable network. TracFone: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Twigby: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. US Mobile: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. XFINITY Mobile: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Coverage information is sourced from carriers and other sources.. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Specs. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900, CDMA 800, 1900. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Reviews. "While its competitors figure out how to cram more and more into our phones, Motorola takes a simpler path towards a better phone with more useful features.". Joseph Hanlon (WhistleOut) Read full review. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Review. Straight forward design, inside and out. Android Lollipop is a big step up. Battery life is good, but not great. No useful extras, like an IR blaster or waterproofing. It really wasn’t that long ago that we were reviewing the original Moto X and loving it. Motorola has thankfully kept what we liked so much in the former and added in a few neat new tricks for this year’s model.. Design wise, the Moto X is more contain over form, especially when looking at the straight black plastic model. The curved chassis fits well in the hand, the soft-touch plastic feels great and the recessed Motorola logo beneath the camera is a magnet for your index finger. Not literally, but in an ergonomic sense — our finger found its way into the groove pretty much every time we lifted the phone up.. This simple physical design can be spruced up a bit, depending on where you live, by using the Moto Maker online design tool, and deciding which colours and trims you’ll give your personalised handset. If you live outside of the US, UK and Germany, then it is worth keeping with local suppliers to see which colour variants they are stocking. Even a white plastic body gives this handset a lift. If you’re lucky, you might even find Moto X handsets with bamboo and leather battery covers. These alternate materials look and feel amazing.. The only downside to Motorola’s Keep It Simple Stupid design philosophy is that a number of increasing common smartphone features are left out. While we don’t mind the Moto X shipping without a fingerprint scanner, we’d love to have seen it comes with a level of waterproofing. We have also become quite fond of phones with Infrared blasters built in, which allow you to control TVs, DVD players and and compatible Air Conditioners.. Motorola chooses great components for the Moto X in 2014, including a superb full HD resolution LCD display. While other manufacturers try and tempt us with more and more pixels for our screens each year, Motorola sticks with 1920 x 1080 pixels and a really good quality panel. Colours are noticeably rich and vibrant, and really help bring the new Android Lollipop system, with all of its colourful new design, to life. It really is the quality of display that people notice. Several friends and colleagues have commented on how great it looks during our review time.. Perhaps one of the best reasons to buy a Moto X 2014 right now is that it is one of the first phones in the world to use Android 5.0, codenamed Lollipop. The cute candy name signifies that this is the 12th version of Android (L is the the 12th letter in the alphabet) and it is far and away the best version to date.. People familiar with Apple’s iOS system will appreciate the new colour and confidence in the look and feel of Lollipop. This design is bold, with bright pastels on every menu and wallpaper option. There are plenty of subtle animations across the system which help it feel more alive than previous versions of Android have.. There’s loads of new and useful functionality, too. You can now have multiple logins for different users, and a guest mode. This is great is you regularly pass your phone to the kids during dinner, or want to show untrustworthy workmates your holiday photos without them idly scrolling through your private pics.. Notifications now appear on the phone’s lock screen and you can swipe away unnecessary notices without having to unlock your phone and open the corresponding app each time.. You still access notifications by swiping down on the display, but you know access quick settings by swiping down again. From here you can quickly toggle WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS, plus you can turn on your phone’s flashlight (the camera’s flash) and Cast your screen to a Google Chromecast TV adapter.. For the most part, Motorola uses Google Android without any adding many embellishments, unlike Samsung, Sony, HTC, et al. You get the best of Google Android, without any spammy useless apps, widgets or customisations getting in the way.. But this doesn’t mean that Motorola adds nothing at all, in fact some of the best features in the Moto X are Motorola designed. The standout here is always-on voice activation, which allows you to communicate with the phone, without touching it at all. For example, when I’m driving I can say “Phone, Wake up” (my own preset wake command). Once it responds I can say “Navigate to Home” and the phone will open Google Maps and set a course for my house (again, something I have set up earlier).. You can use voice commands to do quite a bit on the phone. You can open apps, toggle settings options, ask for the weather forecast or even ask the phone to “Take a selfie”.. To conserve battery life, Motorola also created a lock-screen tool it calls Adaptive Display. The idea is that rather than turning on the screen every time you want to check your phone, you can see incoming messages in white text on a black screen. You dont even need to press the power button, the Adpative Display comes on when you wave a hand over the screen or rock the phone.. Photos are the group left most in the cold by the Moto X 2014. The 13-megapixel camera in the Moto X has a respectable number of pixels, but it doesn’t match these specs with great photos overall. Going through the dozens of photos we took during testing, most have been taken out of focus, and it’s low-light shots are dreadful. Even shots in dim indoor lighting are more disappointing than we’d have expected.. Outdoor shots, with sunlight behind it, the camera here is capable of nice photos, as you can see in our samples. When you look closely at these shots, you don’t see the same level of clarity and detail that you will find in photos taken by Samsung or Apple camera phones.. Beneath the screen, Motorola has packed in a very capable mobile processor in the Qualcomm Snapdragon 801. It’s a quad-core chipset, clocked at 2.5GHz per core, with an Adreno 330 graphics unit and 2GB RAM.. In layman’s terms, the Moto X is a powerful little computer with power enough for everyday smartphone use. We tested the phone by using it everyday for about a month, and we never encountered any sputtering or lagginess, and no serious system hiccups.. We did charge the Moto X everyday though, which is something we were beginning to enjoy not having to do. Motorola include only a 2300mAh capacity battery, which is 10% smaller than the batteries you find in our big name phones, like the Galaxy S5. It doesn’t seem to be a particularly power hungry phone, but at the end of each day we found ourselves on about 20% charge and we went looking for a power adapter.. Motorola does include Fast Charging technology here though, so you can rejoice the battery in under an hour, with a promise of about 60% in 30-mins according to Motorola. Still, with the competition stretching out the time between charges to 2 days or more, we hope the next big release from Motorola is more battery focused.. Despite lacking a number of the headline features found in many of its rivals, the Moto X stands out as one of our favorite phones, right now. In fact, it may be because there is no fingerprint scanners and eye tracking technology that we like it so much. This phone feels bright and fun and is very easy to use.. Other People Also Viewed (12). Compare phones and plans from the following carriers.... Here Are All the Changes to US Carrier Cell Phone Plan: February 12 - 18. Samsung Galaxy S9 Seemingly Leaks in Full. Here Are All the Changes to US Carrier Cell Phone Plan: February 5 - 11. How to Switch Cell Phone Providers (and keep your phone number). How Do I Switch Cell Phone Carriers (and keep my phone)?. Cell Phone & Wireless Deals Every Week. Our pick of the Hot Deals from every carrier, handpicked and fresh. All the deals on T-Mobile every week. Sprint's Wireless Deals & Best Plans. All the deals from Sprint, updated every week. All the deals from Straight Talk, updated every week. We will get that fixed as soon as possible.. Success! Your request has been sent.. Plans to use in Mexico & Canada. Compare Internet + TV + Home Phone. Plans to use in Mexico & Canada. You may have seen us on. About this Service: WhistleOut maintains a broad list of providers to help you compare, always covering at least the top ten providers in every category so you can make a transparent choice. When you see a 'promoted product' or a product with a 'go to site' button it means that WhistleOut is earning a transaction click fee for the referral. We audit the prices across the whole market regularly and we don't alter the ranking of products in our organic search based on any commercial relationship.. Copyright © 2018 WhistleOut Pty Ltd. 
Home › Motorola › Moto X (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight User reviews 1 Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 3. Dimensions : 72.4 x 140.8 x 9.97 mm Weight : 144 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974AC CPU : Krait 400, 2500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 330, 578 MHz, Cores : 4 RAM : 2 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Display : 5.2 in, AMOLED, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4.4 KitKat Camera : 4128 x 3096 pixels, 3840 x 2160 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, ac, Dual band, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Motorola Model Moto X (2nd Gen) Model alias Moto X+1 Moto X (2014) Moto X2 Moto X (Gen2) XT1092 XT1093 XT1095 XT1096 XT1097 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 72.4 mm (millimeters) 7.24 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.85 in (inches) Height 140.8 mm (millimeters) 14.08 cm (centimeters) 0.46 ft (feet) 5.54 in (inches) Thickness 9.97 mm (millimeters) 1 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.39 in (inches) Weight 144 g (grams) 0.32 lbs (pounds) 5.08 oz (ounces) Volume 101.63 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.17 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black White Body materials Aluminium alloy SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz CDMA CDMA 1900 MHz CDMA 850 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 700 MHz Class 13 LTE 800 MHz LTE 850 MHz LTE 1700/2100 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 1900 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 4.4.4 KitKat Android 5.0 Lollipop Android 5.1 Lollipop Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974AC Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU Krait 400 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 0 cache memory (L0) 4 KB + 4 KB (kilobytes) Level 1 cache memory (L1) 16 KB + 16 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 2048 KB (kilobytes) 2 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 2500 MHz (megahertz) GPU Qualcomm Adreno 330 GPU cores 4 GPU frequency 578 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Double channel RAM frequency 933 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) 32 GB (gigabytes) Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology AMOLED Diagonal size 5.2 in (inches) 132.08 mm (millimeters) 13.21 cm (centimeters) Width 2.55 in (inches) 64.75 mm (millimeters) 6.48 cm (centimeters) Height 4.53 in (inches) 115.12 mm (millimeters) 11.51 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 424 ppi (pixels per inch) 166 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 73.36 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor model Sony IMX135 Exmor RS Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Sensor size 4.69 x 3.52 mm (millimeters) 0.23 in (inches) Pixel size 1.136 µm (micrometers) 0.001136 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 7.38 Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 3.98 mm (millimeters) 29.4 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4128 x 3096 pixels 12.78 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 3840 x 2160 pixels 8.29 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece HAC (M4/T4) - Hearing Aid Compatibility Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio No Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) 802.11ac (IEEE 802.11ac) Dual band Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) EDR (Enhanced Data Rate) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering DLNA NFC Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video H.265 / MPEG-H Part 2 / HEVC MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) MPEG-4 WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2300 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 24 h (hours) 1440 min (minutes) 1 days 3G talk time 24 h (hours) 1440 min (minutes) 1 days Quick charge technology Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Features Fast charging Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.558 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Head SAR (USA) 0.726 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 1.28 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Additional features Some devices have additional features, different from the standard ones above, but equally important and worth mentioning. Additional features XT1093 - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) US: head - 1.460 W/kg; body - 1.500 W/kg XT1095 - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) US: head - 1.460 W/kg; body - 1.270 W/kg XT1096 - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) US: head - 1.460 W/kg; body - 1.400 W/kg XT1097 - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) US: head - 1.460 W/kg; body - 1.270 W/kg. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. CDMA (Code-Division Multiple Access) is a channel access method for communications within mobile networks. Compared to other 2G and 2.5G standards like GSM and TDMA, it provides increased data transfer speeds and allows more subscribers to connect simultaneously to the network.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. Some processors have a level 0 cache memory, which is accessed quicker than the L1, L2, L3, and so one cache memories. Besides achieving better performance, it also consumes less power.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. Quick charge technologies differ in energy efficiency, power output, control over charging, temperatures, etc. The device, battery and charger must support one and the same charging technology to achieve faster charging times.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Information about other features of the device.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) XT1527. Dimensions : 72.4 x 140.8 x 9.97 mm Weight : 144 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974AC CPU : Krait 400, 2500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 330, 578 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Display : 5.2 in, AMOLED, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4.4 KitKat Camera : 4128 x 3096 pixels, 3840 x 2160 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Toll Free 1.866.925.2350 Order Mon-Fri 9am - 5pm PST. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Screen Replacements and Repair Parts. Motorola Moto X2 LCD & Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly - Black. Motorola Moto X2 LCD & Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly - White. Motorola Moto X2 LCD & Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly with Frame - Black. Motorola Moto X2 LCD & Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly with Frame - White. Motorola Moto X2 Rear Camera Replacement. Motorola Moto X2 Front Camera Replacement. Motorola Moto X2 Middle Frame Assembly Replacement - Black. Marketplace: Get 60% Off Parts & Accessories. Repairs Universe is a respected, leading provider of high-quality LCD screen, touch glass and digitizer screen replacements and repair parts for iPhone, iPod, Blackberry, PSP, Zune, Droid, HTC, Nokia and many other cell phones.. All trademarks are the property of their respective holders. RepairsUniverse is an independent company and is in no way affiliated with Apple, Amazon, Asus, HTC, LG Electronics, Motorola, Nokia, Microsoft, OnePlus, Samsung. 
Hotspot MiFi or Router Antennas Boosters. Signal Booster System Parts & Components. RV or Large Vehicle Signal Boosters. All Hotspot MiFi or Router Antennas Boosters. AirLink RV50 Antennas & Signal Boosters. AT&T Elevate 4G Mobile Hotspot Signal Boosters. AT&T Netgear Nighthawk Hotspot Antennas - Boosters. Netgear Nighthawk M1 MR1100 (Antennas - Boosters). Netgear AC 778S 779S Fuse Antenna Boosters. Novatel MiFi 4620L Jetpack Signal Boosters. Novatel MiFi 4620LE Jetpack Signal Boosters. Novatel Verizon Jetpack 5510L Signal Boosters. Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router T1114 with Voice. Verizon LTE Internet and Home Phone NOVT1114V. Sierra Wireless Airlink GX 400/440/450 Gateway. Sierra Wireless Elevate 4G Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless 754S Hotspot Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless 770s Mobile Hotspot SignalBoosters. Sierra Wireless AC 801s Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless AC 802s Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Signal Boosters. Straight Talk ZTE 288C LTE Mobile Hotspot. All USB Cellular Modem Antennas Boosters. Clear 4G+ Mobile USB Series S. All Signal Booster System Parts & Components. Universal Cell Phone Pouches & Cases. Cellular Signal Booster System Installation Guides. Hotspot MiFi or Router Antennas Boosters. Signal Booster System Parts & Components. RV or Large Vehicle Signal Boosters. All Hotspot MiFi or Router Antennas Boosters. AirLink RV50 Antennas & Signal Boosters. AT&T Elevate 4G Mobile Hotspot Signal Boosters. AT&T Netgear Nighthawk Hotspot Antennas - Boosters. Netgear Nighthawk M1 MR1100 (Antennas - Boosters). Netgear AC 778S 779S Fuse Antenna Boosters. Novatel MiFi 4620L Jetpack Signal Boosters. Novatel MiFi 4620LE Jetpack Signal Boosters. Novatel Verizon Jetpack 5510L Signal Boosters. Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router T1114 with Voice. Verizon LTE Internet and Home Phone NOVT1114V. Sierra Wireless Airlink GX 400/440/450 Gateway. Sierra Wireless Elevate 4G Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless 754S Hotspot Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless 770s Mobile Hotspot SignalBoosters. Sierra Wireless AC 801s Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless AC 802s Signal Boosters. Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Signal Boosters. Straight Talk ZTE 288C LTE Mobile Hotspot. All USB Cellular Modem Antennas Boosters. Clear 4G+ Mobile USB Series S. All Signal Booster System Parts & Components. Universal Cell Phone Pouches & Cases. Cellular Signal Booster System Installation Guides. Browse by Brand, Price & more. AlternativeWireless.com offers many fine quality MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN. accessories at discount prices with fast order processing. We carry just about everything for your MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN. - from holders to chargers to cases to headsets to signal boosters. Find the perfect case, headset, charger, holder or signal booster for your MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN.. We offer protective and stylish cases and pouches that enable you to carry your mobile phone conveniently and securely. You depend on your smartphone, we help you protect it. We also offer convenient cell phone holders and hands-free devices and headsets. All of the products we offer are quality aftermarket brands or original manufacturer brands.. C5 Horizontal Phone Leather Pouch Size #9 Mag Flap 3XL w/BeltClip Blk. Interior dimensions will fit devices up to 5.9" X 3.1" X .6" (150mm X 80mm X 15mm) or smaller.. The C5 phone pouch features real lambskin leather, inner felt linking to protect your device and a rotatiing, leather.... Krusell Luna Pouch Black 4X Large. Krusell Luna 4X-Large Black - Fits devices up to 5.8 inches X 3.3 inches X 0.4 inches (148mm X 83mm X 10mm). Fits many of todays larger smart phones.. Krusell Luna - 4X Large - Black. This popular Krusell LUNA series case is now available in a larger.... TurtleBack Heavy Duty Vertical Pouch Snap Closure Large Thick Size. Turtleback Heavy Duty Nylon Case comes with a metal swivel belt clip. It is the case for thicker mobile devices such as heavy-duty flip phones. The case is made of rugged and sturdy nylon material. The case fits devices up to.... Turtleback Horizontal Pouch HeavyDuty XLarge Snap Closure. Fits devices up to 5.875" X 3" X .75" (148mm X 76mm X 19mm). Heavy Duty Turtleback Extra Large sized phone pouch with metal belt clip. Turtleback heavy duty phone pouch in Extra Large size. Perfect for your tough every day.... TurtleBack Vertical HeavyDuty Camo Pouch XLarge. Extra Large Case with Snap Closure. Fits devices up to 6" X 2 7/8" X 1/2". Vertical Phone Case - Extral Large. Turtleback Executive Horiz Leather Case Mag Closure XLarge. • Extra Large Size fits devices up to 5.75" X 3.125" X .5" • Made of Black Leather • Leather Covered Metal Belt Clip • Magnetic Flap Closure • Made in the USA. Turtleback Executive Leather Phone Case in Extra Large.... Get latest updates on new products and special offers.. Blog - News & Product Updates. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. General Moto X Pure Edition?. Discussion in ' Android Devices ' started by crarbo1 , Oct 6, 2014 .. What is this Pure edition? Is that what you get from Motorola directly and not at the stores (ie. Considering getting this phone but not sure what this edition means and how to get it. The Pure Edition is the unlocked Moto X that can be bought from the Motorola website. It can be used with either T-Mobile or AT&T, as well as their MVNOs, in the US.. What is this Pure edition? Is that what you get from Motorola directly and not at the stores (ie. Considering getting this phone but not sure what this edition means and how to get it. What is the difference between the Pure edition you get from motorola and the version you get from AT&T? Who updates Andriod with the pure editions, google or motorola?. Still contemplating this phone or the new nexus 6, depending on how large it really is. I may still go with the nexus 5 however since the price is lower than this phone. The Pure Edition is the unlocked Moto X that can be bought from the Motorola website. It can be used with either T-Mobile or AT&T, as well as their MVNOs, in the US.. My moto x should arrive any minute(i hope).I'm going from a Nexus 5 and i'm hoping the moto will be as near pure android as i can get. I think you'll find the difference is there's all the 3rd party (carrier) crap on the non pure devices.I understand there will be a bit of Motorola bloat on it but not much and what there is can be removed.I stand to be corrected.. The Pure Edition is....wait for it...pure. But really, it lacks the bloatware which many carriers install, and the updates are theoretically faster (most of the significant Moto apps have been moved to Google Play, anyway). The bootloader can also be unlocked without hassle, if you want to go that route. Updates come from Motorola, and if it's consistent with the previous 2013 X, they should come quickly. If you can afford the unsubsidized pricing, it's the version of the Moto X you should get (especially since you're now able to customize it through moto maker). See if the Nexus 6 is right for you, then decide.. What is the difference between the Pure edition you get from motorola and the version you get from AT&T? Who updates Andriod with the pure editions, google or motorola?. Still contemplating this phone or the new nexus 6, depending on how large it really is. I may still go with the nexus 5 however since the price is lower than this phone. As Krouget stated, the Pure edition is lacking the bloatware the AT&T edition of the phone gets, additionally the AT&T version is carrier locked to AT&T, while the Pure can be moved to any compatible network. Additionally, Motorola has stated that the Pure edition will always get Android updates first.. What is the difference between the Pure edition you get from motorola and the version you get from AT&T? Who updates Andriod with the pure editions, google or motorola?. Still contemplating this phone or the new nexus 6, depending on how large it really is. I may still go with the nexus 5 however since the price is lower than this phone. So it sounds like Pure Edition is the way I would want to go since I would be using it with AT&T and not Verizon. I'm still debating between this and the upcoming Nexus 6, I currently have the OnePlus One, so I am used to big screens. I guess I will be patient and see what a month or two will bring. Unfortunately no Pure Edition for us Verizon folk..... I'm just hoping the Verizon one is pure enough to not aggravate me. If I am not mistaken, I've read that most of the bloatware can be disabled, so that's a big plus for me. Did anyone ever get a straight answer about the pure edition on AT&T? It still only shows 4G LTE bands of (02, 04, 17) whereas the AT&T version has (02, 03, 04, 05, 07, 17). The UMTS/HSPA+ specs are identical - (850, 900, 1700 (AWS), 1900, 2100 MHz) - I DO NOT want to go back to HSPA+ I want full LTE. Ok nevermind, I just went to the motorola feedback network forums, looks like they will be adding bands via a software update, (3, 5 and 7). "Thanks for your feedback on this topic, and your patience. We're now planning to enable Bands 3, 5 and 7 on the Moto X Pure, via a software update. I can't confirm the timing right now, but I'll share more about that when I know more.". I am about to send my faulty moto x back and return to the Nexus 5 as the moto x is no faster,the camera is arguably better/faster but not to the extent I can't live without it and on a lesser note,i much prefer a notification light than the hand gesture thing you have to do with the moto x to see if you have any notifications.. Pure Edition comes with a free pink Cadillac with awesome hydraulics*. This is how other Moto users know we're on T-Mobile. *This statement may contain 0% or less truth.. I'm not sure what was faulty, but there is no reason you have to use the hand sensor. Active notifications (now called Moto Display) were always just a more advanced kind of blinking LED light. You can customize all this under the phone settings -> Motorola. either way GL with the N5, it's an awesome phone too. I am about to send my faulty moto x back and return to the Nexus 5 as the moto x is no faster,the camera is arguably better/faster but not to the extent I can't live without it and on a lesser note,i much prefer a notification light than the hand gesture thing you have to do with the moto x to see if you have any notifications.. Guess I am not welcome in the "pure" crowd then, I am not on T-Mobile. Honestly at this point not sure what phone I want.. Pure Edition comes with a free pink Cadillac with awesome hydraulics*. This is how other Moto users know we're on T-Mobile. *This statement may contain 0% or less truth.. You're welcome to join the pure crowd, you just won't get a pink Cadillac with awesome hydraulics. The only place you wouldn't be welcome, is if you're part of the VZW camp. Guess I am not welcome in the "pure" crowd then, I am not on T-Mobile. Honestly at this point not sure what phone I want.. I'm on AT&T and I now have official clearance to purchase a new phone. (My wife said it's ok ) I want the new Moto X but I am worried about battery life. (You mentioned VZW - kinda wish I was over there for the Droid Turbo - but I don't think it's worth it to sell my soul to the debil ). Then there's the HUGE GINORMOUS really really BIG Nexus 6. I love my original moto x but the only gripe I have is battery life, and I hear the new moto x is even worse. So I want to join the party but not wanting a battery disappointment again. You're welcome to join the pure crowd, you just won't get a pink Cadillac with awesome hydraulics. The only place you wouldn't be welcome, is if you're part of the VZW camp. All are welcome in the pure crowd. My battery life has been about the same as my last X -- so far. Nothing fantastic, but hasn't bothered me at all either.. If you weren't pleased with the battery life from the original Moto X, then in all honesty, I can't say you'd be any more impressed with the 2nd gen. For me , I get through the day just fine with both, but these days, I'm more casual with my usage. I don't think Lollipop is going to dramatically improve battery life (could certainly be wrong), but maybe wait and see if it has any impact, before deciding.. I'm on AT&T and I now have official clearance to purchase a new phone. (My wife said it's ok ) I want the new Moto X but I am worried about battery life. (You mentioned VZW - kinda wish I was over there for the Droid Turbo - but I don't think it's worth it to sell my soul to the debil ). Then there's the HUGE GINORMOUS really really BIG Nexus 6. I love my original moto x but the only gripe I have is battery life, and I hear the new moto x is even worse. So I want to join the party but not wanting a battery disappointment again. I don't know, tempted by the Nexus 6 (but is just so stupid BIG) and also tempted to wait, but I am low patience person - I like my goodies yesterday not some indeterminate time in the future. As I said above, I don't like to wait. But I am not buying today so we'll see what unfolds.. All are welcome in the pure crowd. My battery life has been about the same as my last X -- so far. Nothing fantastic, but hasn't bothered me at all either.. If you weren't pleased with the battery life from the original Moto X, then in all honesty, I can't say you'd be any more impressed with the 2nd gen. For me , I get through the day just fine with both, but these days, I'm more casual with my usage. I don't think Lollipop is going to dramatically improve battery life (could certainly be wrong), but maybe wait and see if it has any impact, before deciding.. I just switched from the Nexus 5 as well. I really like the Moto X. Why was yours faulty? I do notice my in call volume is really low and a lot lower then my Nexus was.. I am about to send my faulty moto x back and return to the Nexus 5 as the moto x is no faster,the camera is arguably better/faster but not to the extent I can't live without it and on a lesser note,i much prefer a notification light than the hand gesture thing you have to do with the moto x to see if you have any notifications.. Hey all...Anybody have the pure edition and getting the soak test? (I know you can't answer here ...confidentiality and all) But could you maybe PM me with the low down on the change log? I am somewhat hesitant to pony up the $500+ for the pure edition if they are never going to add the additional LTE band support. (I am on AT&T) They have officially been talking about it now since the 29th or 30th of September and there has not been an update in a couple weeks (official update from the Motorola Forums). Not sure anyone cares anymore (seems all the hubbub is about the Nex6 now) but I just saw on the moto forums that the lollipop update being tested now includes the additional support for the other LTE bands. I did see my phone occasionally picking up HSPA+ bands lately though. Which, actually can be quite usable if the bandwidth is there, just a tad more latency. /I was not on the soak test but i installed the OTA from a local recovery zip. I think im more magnetic than most people as nearly every phone I own has problems.My N5 has started playing up so'i'm back with the moto x.I was told there was nothing wrong with it but since they returned it I've found out the loud speaker does wor, just not when/how it should.It didn't work at all when my wife called me 5 times but today it did work when I called out via Bluetooth.The only problem was when it wouldn't revert back to the head unit or the earpiece.That could be embarrassing in certain situations. I am ready to re-return it but was hoping lollipop would pop along and cure the problem.Anyone know when lollipop is coming to UK moto x's.. Do you already have an account?. 
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. Your session is about to timeout due to inactivity. Click OK to extend your time for an additional 30 minutes.. Suggested site content and search history menu. OLED TVs 48 to 60 inches. Ultra HD TVs Under 48 Inches. Ultra HD TVs 48 to 60 inches. Ultra HD TVs Over 60 inches. Full HD TVs Over 60 inches. Full HD TVs Under 48 Inches. Full HD TVs 48 to 60 inches. HD TVs 48 to 60 inches. Bonus Jamie Oliver Cutlery with Selected Smeg Ovens - Claim by 26/02/18. PAY LESS Payback eftpos Card on Selected Technika Ovens and Cooktops - Claim by 26/02/18. PAY LESS Payback eftpos Card on selected cooking appliances and dishwasher - Claim by 07/03/18. Bonus Jamie Oliver Cutlery Set with Selected Smeg - Claim by 07/03/18. 20% off selected GPS & Dash Cams. Coolers & Air Treatment Gold Service Extras. Phones & Tech Products Gold Service Extras. Small Kitchen Appliances Gold Service Extras. Vacuums & Cleaners Gold Service Extras. Health & Grooming Gold Service Extras. Moto X 2nd Gen - Unlocked. Moto X 2nd Gen - Unlocked. Moto X 2nd Gen - Unlocked. Moto X 2nd Gen - Unlocked. Moto X 2nd Gen - Unlocked. This Motorola Moto X mobile phone is unlocked, so you can have a variety of network options. Download most data in just seconds with its 4G capability. The Motorola Moto X's 13 MP camera sensor resolution helps you crop and resize images while keeping detail. It has an Android operating system. The Moto X mobile phone has a 2.5 GHz. This Motorola Moto X mobile phone is unlocked, so you can have a variety of network options. Download most data in just seconds with its 4G capability. The Motorola Moto X's 13 MP camera sensor resolution helps you crop and resize images while keeping detail. It has an Android operating system. The Moto X mobile phone has a 2.5 GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor, so you can run software efficiently. Plus, store your favourite viral videos and song titles with its 16 GB storage capacity. This mobile phone's 1080 x 1920 pixel screen resolution lets you look at detailed images and text. The Motorola Moto X phone has a 72.4mm width, a 140.8mm height, and a 10mm depth. It has 2300 mAh battery and a 1 year manufacturer warranty. You can reap the benefits of a new phone with help from this Motorola mobile phone.. Consider these similar alternatives as this is no longer available online or in store.. 3*x $20 store credits per year of membership you buy from 3-5 years;. Up to $100 price shield store credit if our price drops within 30 days;. Exclusive Concierge rewards including VIP offers, competitions and giveaways;. Dedicated Concierge service via phone and Facebook page, for prompt assistance; and. 30 days unlimited tech support from when you buy. *Up to 9 x $20 credits paid in any single calendar year depending on the number of Gold Service Extra plans held at any time.. Simply add ‘Gold Service Extras’ to your cart with a product.. Designed to make life easier, Concierge Gold Service Extras gives you:. Motorola Moto X 2nd Gen - Unlocked. Congratulations! Your product has been added to the cart.. 3 Years Concierge Gold Service Extras $95.00. Want ongoing Concierge service for your new product and lots of extras?. With Concierge Gold Service Extras assistance with repairs, replacements and more is just a call away, plus you get lots of extras like exclusive Concierge Rewards.. Add Gold Service Extras for $ 2.64 /month ($ 31.67 per year). How it works | Terms and Conditions. Yes, Add 2 Years. This item has been successfully added to your list. Usually ships in 3 - 5 business days. Motorola Moto G5s 32GB - Grey. This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution enables you .... This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution enables .... This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution .... This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution .... This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution .... Motorola Moto G5s Plus 32GB - Grey. This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets you make crisp .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets you make .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution .... Consider these similar alternatives as this is no longer available online or in store.. Motorola Moto G5s 32GB - Grey. This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution enables you to enlarge images without sacrificing clarity. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. The Motorola phone features a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor, so you can run software efficiently. Save your favourite games and installed .... This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution enables you to enlarge images without sacrificing clarity. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. The Motorola phone features a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor, so you can .... This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution enables you to enlarge images without sacrificing clarity. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. The Motorola phone features a 1.4 GHz octa-core processor, so you can run software efficiently. Save your favourite games and installed applications with its 32 GB storage capacity. This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution enables you to enlarge images without sacrificing clarity. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. The Motorola phone features a 1.4 GHz octa-core .... This Motorola mobile phone's 16 MP camera sensor resolution enables you to enlarge images without sacrificing .... Consider these similar alternatives as this is no longer available online or in store.. Motorola Moto G5s Plus 32GB - Grey. This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets you make crisp clear photo enlargements. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. And, you can run fast, responsive applications with the Motorola phone's 2 GHz octa-core processor. It has a 32 GB storage capacity, so you can keep .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets you make crisp clear photo enlargements. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. And, you can run fast, responsive applications with the Motorola phone's 2 GHz octa-core .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets you make crisp clear photo enlargements. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. And, you can run fast, responsive applications with the Motorola phone's 2 GHz octa-core processor. It has a 32 GB storage capacity, so you can keep loads of MP3s and videos. The phone's 256 GB of expandable .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets you make crisp clear photo enlargements. It has an Android 7.1 operating system. And, you can run fast, responsive applications with the Motorola phone's .... This Motorola mobile phone's 13 MP sensor resolution lets you make crisp clear photo enlargements. Available on 6 months Interest Free with no monthly payments. 0% Interest Payment Plans Terms and Conditions. INTEREST FREE MINIMUM MONTHLY REPAYMENTS. INTEREST FREE EQUAL MONTHLY REPAYMENTS. With any of these plans, you won’t pay any interest, provided you pay the full balance of their purchase before the end of the plan. All plans are available on advertised or ticketed price, from The Good Guys, excluding Miele, Asko, Neff, Bertazzoni, AEG products and Gift Cards. A $99 annual fee for Gem Visa applies. At the end of the plan, interest will be charged at 24.99%. This notice is given under the Gem Visa Conditions of Use (as applicable), which specify all other conditions for this offer. Also available to CreditLine, GO MasterCard and Buyer’s Edge customers. Other conditions, fees and charges apply, see relevant product websites for details. Credit is provided by Latitude Finance Australia (ABN 42 008 583 588), Australian Credit Licence number 392145.. You need to make a minimum payment each month. Remember paying only the minimum will not pay out the balance of the plan but you have the flexibility to make extra payments at any time.. Monthly payments must be made during the interest free period. Interest and payments are payable after the interest free period expires. Paying only the minimum monthly payment will not pay out the purchase before the end of the interest free period.. 6 months: Minimum spend $250. 12 months: Minimum spend $500. 18 months: Minimum spend $750 In store only.. 24 Months: inimum spend is $1000. You don't need to make any payment during the promotional period. However, you can make payments at any time.. Interest and payments are payable after the interest free and payment deferred period. Interest and payments are payable on any outstanding balance after the plan expires.. 3 months: Minimum spend $150. 6 Months: Minimum spend $250.. 6 Months: Minimum spend $250.. 12 Months: Minimum spend $500. 18 Months: Minimum spend $750. With equal monthly payments, you’ll know exactly how much to pay each month. Plans vary and are only available during select promotional periods.. Monthly Payment amount excludes Gem Visa $99 annual fee. Total price includes $99 annual fee, charged after your first purchase and each anniversary date.. 36 months: Minimum spend $1000. The plan is payable by 36 approximate equal monthly instalments (exact amounts specified in your statement).. 50 Months: Minimum spend $1500. The plan is payable by 50 approximate equal monthly instalments (exact amounts specified in your statement).. 60 Months: During promotional periods only. The plan is payable by 60 approximate equal monthly instalments (exact amounts specified in your statement).. For Gold Service Extras Terms & Conditions, please click here .. 0% Interest Payment Plans Terms and Conditions. INTEREST FREE MINIMUM MONTHLY REPAYMENTS. INTEREST FREE EQUAL MONTHLY REPAYMENTS. With any of these plans, you won’t pay any interest, provided you pay the full balance of their purchase before the end of the plan.. All plans are available on advertised or ticketed price, from The Good Guys, excluding Miele, Neff, Bertazzoni, AEG, Fisher & Paykel BBQ’s, & Falcon products. A $99 annual fee for Gem Visa applies. At the end of the plan, interest will be charged at 24.99%. This notice is given under the Gem Visa Conditions of Use (as applicable), which specify all other conditions for this offer. Also available to CreditLine, GO MasterCard and Buyer’s Edge customers. Other conditions, fees and charges apply, see relevant product websites for details. Credit is provided by Latitude Finance Australia (ABN 42 008 583 588), Australian Credit Licence number 392145.. You need to make a minimum payment each month. Remember paying only the minimum will not pay out the balance of the plan but you have the flexibility to make extra payments at any time.. Monthly payments must be made during the interest free period. Interest and payments are payable after the interest free period expires. Paying only the minimum monthly payment will not pay out the purchase before the end of the interest free period.. 12 months: Minimum Spend $500.. 24 Months: Minimum spend is $1000. You don't need to make any payment during the promotional period. However, you can make payments at any time.. Interest and payments are payable after the interest free and payment deferred period. Interest and payments are payable on any outstanding balance after the plan expires.. 6 Months: Minimum spend $250.. With equal monthly payments, you’ll know exactly how much to pay each month. Plans vary and are only available during select promotional periods.. Monthly Payment amount excludes Gem Visa $99 annual fee. Total price includes $99 annual fee, charged after your first purchase and each anniversary date.. 36 months: Minimum spend $1500. The plan is payable by 36 approximate equal monthly instalments (exact amounts specified in your statement). 50 Months: Minimum spend $2000. The plan is payable by 50 approximate equal monthly instalments (exact amounts specified in your statement). For Gold Service Extras Terms & Conditions, please click here .. What is a 0% Interest Payment Plan?. There are three 0% Interest Payment Plans available:. 0% Interest is the smarter way to pay for the things you really want today. Shop with 0% interest in-store at The Good Guys.. Get a Response in 60 Seconds and Shop Today. Complete a Gem Visa application online today. Any of these four cards can be used to make 0% interest purchases. If you don’t have any of these cards, you can apply for a Gem Visa. If approved, you can start interest free shopping today.. New to 0% Interest Payment Plans? Apply for a Gem Visa now!. Add Gold Service Extras to this product for Concierge Service and ongoing assistance.. When you add Concierge Gold Services Extras to your purchase you get:. Dedicated Concierge service that’s just a call away to assist you with repairs, replacements and claims, including those related to the normal wear and tear of your purchase. Access to exclusive Concierge Rewards you can use to save on everyday expenses like groceries and petrol or fun things like travel, entertainment and dining across Australia. Lots of extras including multiple store credits for savings at The Good Guys, service credits for savings on other Concierge Service & Support purchases, up to $100 Price Shield store credit if our price drops within 30 days, 30 days unlimited Tech Support for help with using your technology and so much more!. Concierge Gold Service Extras provides ongoing service with lots of extra benefits to make life easier and more rewarding for you.. *See full Terms and Conditions for details. THE FULL CONCIERGE GOLD SERVICE EXTRAS. The Good Guys Concierge Gold Service Extras Terms and Conditions. This document sets out the full Terms and Conditions of Concierge Gold Service Extras.. 1.1 Your Rights under the Australian Consumer Law. Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a Major Failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage.. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a Major Failure.. Under the Australian Consumer Law, these rights apply regardless of Your participation in this Concierge Gold Service Extras, commencing from the date You purchase the product and extend for a ‘reasonable period’. What is a “reasonable period” will depend on all of the relevant circumstances set out in the Australian Consumer Law, including the price of the Product, how it is Used and its nature.. In addition, You may also be entitled to have the Product repaired or replaced under the terms of a voluntary Manufacturer’s Warranty. Information on the Manufacturer’s Warranty is contained in the relevant Product packaging or available from store staff.. Certain benefits You receive under Your Concierge Gold Service Extras are already available to You under Australian Consumer Law. Some of these benefits include the right to reimbursement of reasonable extra costs or loss You can show resulted from a faulty product. The Concierge Gold Service Extras does not seek to reduce, qualify or limit those rights in any way but to make enforcement or recovery of these costs simpler and less stressful for You.. The benefits under the Concierge Gold Service Extras for which You pay are intended to be those benefits which are additional to rights and remedies already available under the Australian Consumer Law and any other law that applies to the goods and services that You purchase from Us.. Concierge Gold Service Extras does not change or remove any rights that the Australian Consumer Law or a Manufacturer’s Warranty may give You, but seeks to give You further benefits, certainty of outcome and to extend or strengthen what You may otherwise have. You are only paying for the rights and benefits that are additional to the rights You have under the Australian Consumer Law.. 1.2 No Performance Guarantee or Insurance. Concierge Gold Service Extras is not a guarantee of performance or an insurance policy nor is The Good Guys an insurer. Gold Service Extras is subject to these contractual terms and conditions as agreed between You and Us.. 1.3 Modifications to Terms and Conditions. The Good Guys may change the benefits received and terms and conditions of Concierge Gold Service Extras from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon any change in the benefits or terms and conditions, The Good Guys will notify You directly or by updating the terms and conditions on its website located at www.thegoodguys.com.au. The Good Guys reserves the right to modify or discontinue Concierge Gold Service Extras as long as it provides compensation up to the value of the unused, modified or discontinued service, except in the case of benefits described as any type of Store Credit.. Business Days means a day not being a Saturday or Sunday or a public holiday in Australia.. Concierge Team means a dedicated call centre service operated by Us which is accessible by calling 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday (9am -6pm AEST).. Concierge Gold Service Extras means the benefits and priority service. applicable to Your Product as detailed in these Terms and Conditions.. Concierge Rewards refers to the rewards provided by The Good Guys. which are at all times subject to the Concierge Rewards Terms and. Essential Appliance refers to: a television, washing machine,. dishwasher, split system air conditioner, oven, and cooktop.. Larger Items means televisions with a screen size of forty inch (40”). and above, washing machines, dryers, fridges, freezers, dishwashers. and cooking appliances (including wall ovens, under bench ovens,. freestanding ovens, cooktops, rangehoods and integrated microwaves).. Major Failure has the meaning given in the Australian Consumer Law. in Schedule 2 of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), see. Manufacturer’s Warranty means the voluntary warranty (if any) for. parts and/or labour provided by the manufacturer of the Product.. Mechanical or Electrical Failure means a sudden and unforeseen. breakdown of the Product arising from a mechanical or electrical. fault including any failure arising from Wear and Tear (excluding a. gradual reduction of the operating performance of the product), but not. including those listed in section 6.1 under the heading ‘Excluded faults’.. Original Purchase Price means the amount paid by You to The Good. Guys to purchase the Product, as recorded on the original purchase. receipt and/or tax invoice for Your Product.. Original Purchase Price means the amount paid by You to The Good. Guys to purchase the Product, as recorded on the original purchase. receipt and/or tax invoice for Your Product.. Product means any electrical or battery operated appliance that You. purchase from The Good Guys as described in the original purchase. receipt and/or tax invoice for the product.. Tech Support means the assistance to users of technology products. provided and administered by SMSe Technologies over the phone.. Techzone Products are laptops, PCs, printers, tablet computers, GPS. navigation devices, cameras, computer accessories, phones, TVs,. DVDs, Blu-rays, audio, audio accessories, electronic health and fitness. trackers, eReaders, and other similar technology based Products that We. reasonably consider to be a Techzone Product for the purposes of Tech. The Good Guys means the owner of The Good Guys store from which. the Product was purchased and any additional party referred to on Your. original purchase receipt and/or tax invoice.. Third Party Service Provider means any replacement or other Third. Party Service Provider appointed to provide the Third Party Services.. Third Party Service means the provision of the Concierge Rewards;. Tech Support and all other support services which may be required to. administer the Concierge Gold Service Extras including those that may. be added from time to time.. Verified Fault is where an authorised repairer has assessed the Product. and concluded that there is a manufacturing/product fault.. We, Us, Our refers to The Good Guys or any authorised agent of The. Good Guys whose name appears on the receipt and/or tax invoice for. Your Product and Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. You, Your, or Yours means the person or persons named as the. purchaser on the original purchase receipt and/or tax invoice for Your. Product and Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. EXPLAINING THE GOOD GUYS CONCIERGE GOLD. You can add Concierge Gold Service Extras whenever You purchase. most products from The Good Guys, or within 14 days of Your. By purchasing Concierge Gold Service Extras, You can receive. personalised Concierge service from the day You purchase Your. The Concierge Team can assist You with product repairs,. have the option to claim The Good Guys Price Shield, receive Tech. You have Your own, exclusive Concierge Team available. Monday to Saturday 9am-6pm (AEST) to assist You with any enquiries. All You need to do is call 1300 765 988 and the Concierge. Team will take care of everything for You.. You decide how long Concierge Gold Service Extras’ last. When You purchase Your product, You can add Concierge Gold Service. Extras for 3 years for tech products and products valued at $500 or less,. 7 years for split system air conditioners, and 3 or 5 years for all other. Your Concierge Gold Service Extras offers a range of exclusive benefits. for both Your product and You:. 3.1 Concierge 30 Day Price Shield. If a product You have purchased drops in price at The Good Guys by. $5.00 or more within 30 days of Your purchase, You can receive the. price difference (up to $100) back by redemption as a store credit. is available in addition to The Good Guys 30 Day Price Guarantee for. To be eligible for a Concierge Price Shield claim, You must have. purchased a product with Concierge and lodge an online claim within. 30 days of your purchase date. Evidence of The Good Guys lower. advertised price must also be provided. in full and delivered and applies to personal shoppers only. Eligible claims will receive back the price difference as a store credit via. Some claims may be rounded up to the nearest. A valid mobile number must be supplied on the online claim. The store credit will be valid for 7 days from the date of issue. credits cannot be exchanged for cash. Store Credits cannot be used to. purchase gift cards, epay and iTunes cards, and excludes Apple, AEG,. ASKO, Miele, Neff, Bertazzoni, La Germania, Fisher & Paykel BBQs,. Claims can only be submitted online at www.thegoodguys.com.au. and are not available in store. Price Shield excludes The Good Guys. pricing from 22 December to 1 January (inclusive), advertising errors or. misprints, verbally negotiated prices, cash backs and discounts offered. by a supplier or another third party, bonus offers, limited or minimum. quantity offers, clearance and The Good Guys eBay Outlet. and conditions of Our “Concierge Price Shield” are subject to change. For each twelve months from the date of your purchase, a $20 store credit for The Good Guys will be sent to You three times each year until Your Concierge Gold Service Extras expires. You can only receive Your store credit via SMS to a valid mobile number provided to Concierge. You must provide a valid mobile number to receive store credits.. Your Store Credit can be redeemed either online or at any of The Good Guys stores across Australia, by the expiry date specified in the SMS. For customers who purchase multiple Gold Service Extras, a maximum of nine $20 store credits will be issued in any 12 month period from date of purchase. No additional store credit entitlement is earned for holding four or more Concierge Gold Service Extras at any one time.. Each store credit will have a dated period of validity, generally four days. $20 store credits can only be used on the ticket price of products, no further discounts apply. Each Store Credit is unique and can only be redeemed once. $20 store credit offers cannot be used in conjunction with any other store credit offers. Store credits cannot be exchanged for cash. Store Credits cannot be used to purchase gift cards, epay and iTunes cards, and excludes Apple, AEG, ASKO, Miele, Neff, Bertazzoni, La Germania, Fisher & Paykel BBQs, Falcon and other agency brands.. The Terms and Conditions of Concierge $20 store credits are subject to change without notice; including individual outlets where the credits can be redeemed and whether a minimum spend is required before their use.. You can receive a $20 Concierge Service Credit to put towards any Concierge service, such as Home Installation for a new product in Your home. Simply call the Concierge Team when You are ready to use Your Service Credit and the Concierge Team will make all the arrangements for You. You are entitled to one Concierge Service Credit per registered mobile number (customer).. Each $20 Concierge Service Credit will have a dated period of validity. A maximum of one credit per service; not to be used in conjunction with other offers. Store Service Credits cannot be exchanged for cash. Store Service Credits can only be used for individual services published on the Concierge Home Installation portal at www.thegoodguys.com.au/concierge. The Terms and Conditions of the Concierge $20 Service Credit are subject to change without notice; including individual outlets where the credits can be redeemed and whether a minimum spend is required before their use.. 3.4 $20 Air Conditioner Cleaning Credit. You can receive a $20 credit to put specifically towards a Concierge split system Premium Air Conditioner Cleaning Service, which we recommend for split system air conditioners every twelve months. Simply call the Concierge Team when you’re ready to use Your credit and Concierge will make all the arrangements for You. You’re entitled to one Air Conditioner Cleaning credit per Gold Service Extras per registered mobile number (customer).. NOTE: Some areas may not be serviced. In these cases this benefit is void if the address for the service cannot be serviced by an approved Concierge split system Premium Air Conditioner Cleaning Agent.. Each $20 Concierge split system Premium Air Conditioner Cleaning Service Credit will have a dated period of validity. A maximum of one credit per service; not to be used in conjunction with other offers. These particular Credits cannot be exchanged for cash. These particular Credits can only be used for individual households. Areas serviced are published on the Concierge Home Installation portal at www.thegoodguys.com.au/concierge. You are entitled to 30 days best effort unlimited Tech Support over the phone for help with setting up and using Your technology from the date You purchase Concierge Gold Service Extras. This is available to You on new products or something You already own, no matter where You purchased it. You can access this benefit by calling the Concierge Line on 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday 9am–6pm (AEST).. The Concierge Tech Team can help You connect Your devices using Bluetooth, set up Skype on Your laptop or tablet, create a new email account, and set Your wireless printer to print photos straight from Your phone using an app. They can also help You install an app on Your phone or tablet, like a TV remote app so You can use Your phone or tablet to control Your TV.. The advice You will receive will be based on the latest technical knowledge available at the time. Operating systems older than Windows 7 are excluded. Concierge Gold Service Extras Tech Support has other certain limitations, restrictions, and exclusions. These include but are not limited to the following:. Remote assistance is only available to support current operating systems eg; Windows 7, 10.. The Tech Support Team must be able to locate your device information in order to provide technical support. In regards to products where technical specifications or operating guides are not accessible, tech support will not be available.. Specialist software for businesses are excluded;. Where a customer is unable or unwilling to follow or understand instructions on the telephone, or where a customer is unable to comprehend what is being asked of them, the customer may be referred back to staff within The Good Guys store for further assistance;. Troubleshooting issues that are likely to be resolved by upgrading Your (i) operating system; (ii) consumer software; or (iii) both to the current version, if You choose not to upgrade;. Damages to or loss of any software or data that was residing or recorded on the covered Product; and. The recovery or reinstallation of user data.. Products with operating systems or software older than Windows 7 cannot be supported.. If a customer’s PC or laptop has been assessed and a virus is evident, the customer will be instructed to attend their local The Good Guys store for further assessment and remedy.. Some Technical Support may require that The Good Guys access your computer. If The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider is required to access Your computer in the course of providing the assistance to You, The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider will not be responsible or liable under any circumstances whatsoever for any loss or corruption of the data stored on Your computer howsoever caused so we strongly advise that You backup Your data before the service is performed.. Please be aware that where the Product is capable of retaining Usergenerated data, this may be lost during a repair process. We accept no liability for any loss of data during repair. Again we recommend that You back up Your data prior to any repair. Data may be stored in files and folders on appliances such as Your computer, telephone contacts in Your mobile telephone, songs and other media stored on portable recordable devices and games saved on consoles.. The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider will not back up any data on Your computer in the course of providing the service. Where remote access is requested or used, a broadband or faster internet connection will be required; if not available, remote assistance will not be accessible to You.. You are responsible for all data and time usage on Your internet connection during the course of remote assistance. For software installations, The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider may accept End User License Agreements (EULAs) on Your behalf and You irrevocably authorise The Good Guys and/or its agents to accept any relevant (EULAs) on Your behalf. Copies of EULAs are available upon request.. Software installations do not include software setup, or configuration, smart TV set-up, other than wifi setup. Training on software will be limited to specific software suites. The Good Guys strongly recommends having an internet security program running on Your computer. This Technical Support will be provided by SMSe Technologies, on behalf of The Good Guys.. 3.6 Simple Replacement of Products $500 or Less. In cases where you just change your mind…. You purchased the Product for $500 or less. You purchased the Product within the last 30 days. You return all Product contents to The Good Guys including any accessories and packaging originally supplied with the product.. The Product is not mechanically or cosmetically damaged in any way.. Your exchange request relates to the Product’s size and suitability. We will not grant an exchange request if you change your mind about the colour or finish.. You return the Products to The Good Guys store from where it was purchased (or shipped from in the case of online orders).. If Your product is valued at $500 or less and it’s faulty, Your product will be replaced so You don’t have to wait for it to be repaired. Simply call the Concierge Team and if You have a small appliance; you’ll be given a claim number to take to The Good Guys store nearest You, along with Your faulty product so the fault can be verified and You can take home an equivalent product replacement. If You have a large appliance, the Concierge Team will arrange for an Authorised Service Agent to complete an in home assessment to verify the fault prior to any equivalent replacement product being offered. This is subject to the Excluded Faults Clause under 6.1 in this Terms and Conditions.. If Your Product purchased with the Concierge Gold Service Extras is valued at $500 or less and is deemed faulty, we will replace the faulty appliance with an equivalent product of equal or lesser value than Your original purchase.. For Small Appliances the Concierge Team will provide You with a claim number to take to The Good Guys store of Your choosing with Your small appliance. The fault will be verified by one of Our team. Upon verification of the fault, an equivalent replacement item will be issued as per Clause 5.3.1 ‘Repair and Replacement terms’ in this Terms and Conditions.. For Large Appliances the Concierge Team will arrange for an Authorised Service Agent to complete an in home assessment of the faulty appliance to verify the fault. Once the fault has been verified, the Concierge Team will provide You with a claim number to The Good Guys store of your choosing, where an equivalent replacement product will be issued as per Clause 5.3.1 ‘Repair and Replacement terms’ in these Terms and Conditions.. In some circumstances, you may prefer to have your product repaired rather than replaced. If this is the case, by mutual agreement, we may offer You this option if possible.. If Your purchase doesn’t meet Your expectations when you get it home because it doesn’t physically fit in the space intended, or doesn’t meet your needs based on reasonable assumptions, call the Concierge Team and request that the product be replaced or exchanged with a similar product. This offer is made on the basis that:. The Concierge Team will assess the request and if a replacement product is approved, organise the replacement and store authorisation. The Good Guys will not pay any transport charges for the return of goods You are seeking to exchange or for the removal or reinstallation of goods You are seeking to exchange. If You decide to exchange Your product for a cheaper appliance, You will receive the price difference as a store credit from The Good Guys, not in cash.. If Your essential appliance will be out of action for more than ten (10) days from the time of assessment, Concierge Gold Service Extras will provide You with a $100 allowance as an eftpos card. Essential Appliances are defined as: televisions, washing machines, dishwashers, split system air conditioners, ovens, and cooktops.. If Your fridge or freezer has a verified fault, notify the Concierge Team and You will receive a $100 eftpos card for food spoilage. Every time You purchase Concierge Gold Service Extras You will be entitled to receive Concierge Rewards, which You can redeem on a range of products, offers and discounts.. To be eligible to claim Concierge Rewards please provide a valid email address and a valid mobile telephone number to The Good Guys when You add Concierge Gold Service Extras to Your purchase.. Concierge Rewards come in the form of boxes, which You can unlock with each purchase of Concierge Gold Service Extras. You have 12 months to access Your Concierge Rewards Boxes from Your date of purchase. You can add more Rewards Boxes by purchasing additional Gold Service Extras from The Good Guys. Each set of Rewards Boxes will expire 12 months from the purchase date.. While Your Boxes will expire, Your Concierge Rewards account will remain accessible. To take advantage of Your Rewards and unlock additional Boxes, simply purchase Concierge Gold Service Extras in store or online.. Full terms and conditions for each individual reward are available online or You can contact the Concierge Team on 1300 765 988, Monday to Saturday 9am-6pm AEST. The Terms and Conditions of Our “Concierge Rewards” are subject to change without notice. These rewards can only be claimed by the person registered as the product purchaser at the time of purchase in store or online at The Good Guys. Further information about Concierge Rewards can be found at www.thegoodguys.com.au/concierge/concierge-rewards. If Your product is serviced by Concierge Gold Service Extras, requires repair and We request the product be sent to Our repairer, We will pay for the cost to courier or freight the product, excluding any barge or ferry costs, from Your home to Our approved repairer and from Our approved repairer back to Your home.. 3.11 Continuous Cover from Day One. Your product is protected and Your Concierge Gold Service Extras benefits are available, from the date You purchase Your product. Your Concierge Gold Service Extras continues for the period starting from Your original purchase date, even if Your product is repaired or replaced during that time.. To utilise the benefits of Concierge Gold Service Extras, You can simply call The Concierge Team on 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday 9am – 6pm AEST or email concierge@thegoodguys.com.au to access Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. If You have not utilised any of Your Concierge Gold Service Extras or benefits within thirty (30) days, You can return to the store of purchase for a full refund of Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. 4.3 Not available for Commercial Use. Apart from purchases of tech products for small office use (5 people or less), Concierge Gold Service Extras is not available for products used for commercial purposes. Please advise The Good Guys of the intended product use at the time of purchase, as You may not be eligible for the services and rewards included in Concierge Gold Service Extras for a product that is intended to be used commercially.. 4.4 How do I make a complaint?. Your satisfaction is Our number one priority. Please let the Concierge Team know if You have any problems by calling 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday, 9:00am-6.00pm (AEST) so We can help.. For Large Products, the Concierge Team will contact an Authorised Service Agent on Your behalf and arrange an assessment and repair of Your product. The Authorised Service Agent will contact You to confirm an appointment time that is convenient without You needing to leave home. The Concierge Team will work with You and the Authorised Service Agent to ensure Your assessment or repair has been completed in a timely manner and You are satisfied with the results.. For Small products, The Concierge Team will contact an Authorised Service Agent on Your behalf and arrange an assessment and repair of Your product. We may ask You to take Your product to an Authorised Service Agent or store close to Your home so we can ensure the fastest repair possible. Please let us know if You are unable to take Your product to a local repairer and The Concierge Team will work with You to make alternative arrangements. The Concierge Team will work with You and the Authorised Service Agent to ensure Your assessment or repair is completed in a timely manner and You are satisfied with the results.. 5.1 Eligibility for the Concierge Gold Service Extras. This Concierge Gold Service Extras is only available if the product:. Is manufactured for Use in Australia;. Is one of the following types of product:. A domestic product, such as an appliance, Used by You, for domestic or personal purposes only; or. An office product, such as a PC, Laptop, tablet, facsimile machine, photocopier, computer, scanner, printer, other computer peripheral or telephone, designed, and Used by You, for personal or office purposes (provided the Product is in an office of a maximum of five (5) people).. Is NOT one of the following types of excluded products: BBQs, BBQ Accessories, BBQ Tools, BBQ Cleaning, Sinks & Taps, Kitchen Sinks, Kitchen Taps & Filters, Kitchen Appliance Accessories, Water Filters, Coffee Machine Cleaner, all Kitchenware products (except Food Vacuum Sealers), Fridge Accessories, Miscellaneous Fridge Accessories, Ironing Boards & Accessories, Washer and Dryer Accessories, Laundry Accessories, Vacuum Attachments & Accessories, Bathroom Scales, Apple TV, DVD & Blu-Ray Movies, TV Cables & Accessories, TV Accessories, TV Cables, Power Boards & Extension Leads, TV Antennas, Wall Mounts & Stands, TV Wall Brackets, TV Cabinets & Stands, iPods, iPads, iPad Accessories, iPhones, Mobile Accessories, Audio Accessories, Cases & Protectors, Audio Cables, Tablets Accessories, MacBooks, Mac Desktops, Software & Peripherals, USB & Hard Drives, Computer Bags, Home Business & Security Software, Mobile Broadband, Computer Accessories, Ink Toner, Paper & Cables, Office Supplies, GPS Accessories, Camera Accessories.. This Concierge Gold Service Extras commences from the date of purchase of Your Product and is valid for the period detailed on Your purchase receipt as a total period value next to the Concierge Product. The duration of the cover available will depend upon the Product purchased, subject to any cancellation rights:. Techzone Products and Products purchased for $500 or less are eligible for cover of three (3) years;. Products purchased (excluding Techzone Products and split system air conditioners) for over $500 are eligible for cover of three (3) or five (5) years; and. Split System Air conditioners are eligible for cover of seven (7) years.. Your Concierge Gold Service Extras will continue for the fixed term You have purchased regardless of if the Product is replaced, as long as it is replaced in accordance with section 5.3.1 under the heading ‘Repair and Replacement Terms’.. 5.3.7 Reimbursement for Specific Product Failures. 5.3.8 In-home Repair for Larger Items. In the event of a Mechanical or Electrical Failure of the Product, if We cannot solve the problem by phone when You call the Concierge Line, We may:. Have Our approved repairer carry out repairs to the Product; or. If We decide the Product is unable to be repaired or uneconomical to do so, replace the Product with a Product of the same or similar make and technical specification as determined by Us that does not exceed the Original Purchase Price.. Repairs and/or costs associated with repairs to Your Product will be at no cost to You provided they are not otherwise excluded as noted in Section 6.2 below.. We will repair or replace the Product or relevant parts with the same or equivalent Product or parts. If the manufacturer or their agents only offer a refurbished part or product swap facility, We may replace the Product with a refurbished product of the same type, rather than repairing it. For the purposes of this Concierge Gold Service Extras, the replacement in this instance will be deemed a repair. Refurbished parts may be Used to repair the product.. Determining the most appropriate like for like replacement will be at our discretion and the replacement product We supply may have a lower selling price and is not limited to the original manufacturer of Your Product.. Where We have replaced the Product with a like for like replacement, Your Concierge Gold Service Extras will continue (continuous cover) on the replacement product for the fixed term You have purchased, from the original purchase date.. Where We are unable to provide an equivalent replacement product, We may provide a store credit that You can use to select a similar product, up to the value of the original Product purchased. If this is the case, the following applies;. If the product selected is of a lesser value than the original product purchased, no refund of the difference in price will be provided. Your continuous cover will remain in place for the duration of the fixed term You have purchased, at the original Product purchase price, not the cost of the replacement. Even though the cost of the replacement product is of a lesser value than the original Product purchased.. If the product selected is of a greater value than the original Product purchased, You will be required to pay any difference in the price of the replacement product. Your continuous cover will remain in place for the duration of the fixed term you have purchased, at the original Product purchase price, not the cost of the replacement unless explicitly agreed in writing. Even though the cost of the replacement product is of a greater value than the original Product purchased.. If you choose to select a product that is not in the same category as the original Product purchased, or choose to have the replacement value paid out in the form of a store credit, your Gold Services Extras will cease.. Where We have replaced the Product, the faulty Product or parts replaced become Our property. You may dispose of the Product if We agree and it is in Your possession.. If the repair of Your Product is not completed within thirty (30) days from the date We first inspect it, subject to You being available for any appointment reasonably proposed by our Authorised Service Agent or the date We receive Your Product (if it was couriered to Us), We will, upon Your request replace Your Product in accordance with section 5.3.1 under the heading ‘Repair and Replacement Terms’.. If Your Product suffers a Mechanical or Electrical Failure while in Your possession and while You are out of Australia, You will be required to pay for the repair Yourself, and claim from Us upon return a reimbursement of up to AUD $250 of the repair costs. You must notify and provide Us with an itemised invoice within fourteen (14) days of Your return to Australia as well as proof of travel (flight itinerary or booking confirmation). We will reimburse You as soon as practicable after receiving a valid invoice. You are eligible for a maximum of one (1) worldwide travel cover claim per year.. If a product has a recurring fault which requires repairing more than three (3) times as a result of Mechanical or Electrical Failure, the Product will be replaced with an equivalent product on the subsequent visit after an assessment has been made at Your request, notwithstanding section 5.3.1 under the heading ‘Repair and Replacement Terms’.. The Concierge Team will make arrangements for Your product to be repaired. If Your product is faulty and classified as an Essential Appliance and the Concierge repair network can’t fix the problem within 10 days, You’ll receive a $100 allowance as an eftpos card.. If Your fridge or freezer breaks down, notify the Concierge Team and You will receive a $100 eftpos card for food spoilage. No waiting period applies when making a claim for food spoilage and You will not be required to provide any receipts.. For products which are larger Items, in most cases any repairs under Concierge Gold Service Extras will, where possible, be undertaken in Your home if those repairs can be carried out effectively and safely (as determined reasonably by Us). If repairs are required to be undertaken at an approved repairer’s premises, We will bear all cost to remove and re-install and to transport the product to and from those premises for Larger Items.. If Your Product is serviced by Concierge Gold Service Extras and requires repair and We request the product be sent to Our repairer, We will pay for the cost to courier or freight the product, excluding any barge or ferry costs, from Your home to Our approved repairer, and from Our approved repairer back to Your home.. With Your current Concierge Gold Service Extras purchase, You will have access to Our approved Repair Network. This means that while Your current purchased Product is already covered, You will also have access to Our Repair Network for any existing Larger Items in Your home. It doesn’t matter how old they are or where You purchased them. With these items We will provide details of an approved and reliable Third Party Service Provider to You, where the call out and repair costs will be at Your expense.. If Your Product breaks down due to Wear and Tear arising from normal Use of the product, then Concierge will repair or replace Your Product as in section 5.3.1. A breakdown caused by Wear and Tear is one that is not the result of any external influence (i.e: physical impact or water damage).. All repairs organised through Concierge are carried out by approved Authorised Service Agents. In the event that Your product is repaired, the repairer will provide a workmanship guarantee valid for a minimum of 3 months.. This Concierge Gold Service Extras does not cover:. 6.3 Excluded Costs, Loss or Damage. 6.6 Cancellation of this Concierge Gold Service Extras by You. 6.7 Cancellation of this Concierge Gold Service Extras by Us. A fault or deficiency in operation, quality or appearance in the Product brought to Your attention before You purchased the Product; or. Negligence, accidental or deliberate misuse or unauthorised alterations;. Failure to follow the manufacturer’s instructions for Usage, installation, operation or maintenance;. External sources, including electrical interference, power surges and voltage fluctuations;. Infestations of vermin, pests or insects;. Acts independent of human control which occurred after the product left our control;. Acts of God or man-made catastrophes;. Cosmetic damage, items, such as paint or finishing, dents or scratches, which do not affect the operation of the Product;. Repairs to accessories Used in or with the Product; and. Cartridges, tapes, software, or add-on options incorporated in the Product.. The following costs, loss or damage are excluded from Concierge Gold Service Extras:. Cost of replacement of any item or accessory, either external or internal, that is intended to be replaceable including shelves, fuses, batteries, light bulbs, fluorescent tubes and related starters, filters, attachments, cables, plugs, light covers or rain covers;. Loss, damage or costs incurred as a result of:. Damage to or loss of software, data or removable data medium caused by the Mechanical or Electrical Failure of the Product;. Damage from batteries or other consumables, internal or external to the Product;. Using the Product for purposes other than those described in section 5.1 under the heading ‘Eligibility for Concierge Gold Service Extras’;. Transportation, installation or removal of the Product unless We are responsible;. Loss, damage or costs incurred where no Mechanical or Electrical Failure is identified;. Normal maintenance costs, cleaning, servicing, re-gassing lubrication or external adjustments;. The Product if it is recalled by the manufacturer, importer or a government agency;. Any claim against You by any Third Party including for personal injury or damage to property;. Any claim by You for personal injury or damage to property;. Costs incurred for the delivery and installation of a replaced Product or extraction and disposal of an existing Product in Your possession where original delivery and installation was not performed by The Good Guys.. If the Product is a television the following are also excluded from Concierge Gold Service Extras:. Stands or wall brackets unless specifically covered by separate agreement;. Damage to screens, stands or wall brackets that is caused by faulty or incorrectly installed stands or wall brackets;. Screen defects resulting from ‘after image’ or ‘burn in’; and. Faults where the Product is operating within the normal range of the manufacturer’s performance specifications, for instance specifications in relation to abnormal pixel operation, standard brightness reduction or fan noise.. We may refuse service under Concierge Gold Service Extras, or reduce the benefits available to You, if, in Our reasonable opinion, You make any misrepresentation or commit any fraudulent or dishonest act or omission in connection with a service request. We may also refuse service where an exclusion applies, if You do not comply with a material term of Concierge Gold Service Extras, or in accordance with our rights as set out in section 6.7 under the heading ‘Cancellation of this Concierge Gold Service Extras by Us’.. You can transfer Your Concierge Gold Service Extras to a new owner of the product at no cost to You. To arrange a transfer, please call the Concierge Team. The Transfer entitlement excludes all reward benefits. Reward benefits can only remain with the registered Purchaser name given at the time of the Product purchase.. If You decide for any reason that You would like to cancel Your Concierge Gold Service Extras, the following conditions apply:. Subject to (b), if You cancel within thirty (30) days after the date of purchase, We will provide You with a full refund of the amount You have paid; however,. No refund is payable (without limitation to Your rights under the Australian Consumer Law) if You obtain service under Gold Service Extras within thirty (30) days after the date of purchase or if You cancel more than thirty (30) days after the date of purchase.. We have the right to cancel Your Concierge Gold Service Extras if You commit a material breach of any of these Concierge Gold Service Extras terms and conditions, You have given any false information to Us when seeking service or otherwise, or for any other reason allowable by law. We will provide You with reasonable notice of the cancellation.. Postage to Your address last known to Us.. For assistance contact the Concierge Team. The Good Guys have engaged various Third Party Service Providers to assist in the performance and management of its obligations under this Concierge Gold Service Extras and for this purpose You consent to The Good Guys providing those agents with Your contact details and information about the Product.. You consent to all of the uses and disclosures of Your contact details and information described in The Good Guys Privacy Policy which can be accessed at www.thegoodguys.com.au. The Good Guys may use and disclose information about You to its insurers, its claims managers, its repairers and its other Third Party Service Providers (including to any person situated outside Australia) for the purpose of:. Transferring this Concierge Gold Service Extras to a new owner of the Product You purchased;. Providing service and benefits in relation to Your Concierge Gold Service Extras;. Repairing or replacing the Product within Your Concierge Gold Service Extras period; and Service Extras;. Offering new products and services related to the Concierge Gold Service Extras to You. Service Extras period; and Service Extras;. You consent to these parties contacting You or a new owner of the Product You purchased, including sending email, SMS, mail or making contact by telephone, for the purposes set out in section 7.1 under the heading ‘Privacy’. You confirm You have the necessary authority to provide the information and to give these consents.. This Concierge Gold Service Extras is subject to the laws of the State or Territory in Australia where it was purchased.. Any notice We give You will be in writing and will be effective from the time of:. It is important You notify Us of any change to Your address as soon as possible.. You can contact Us by calling Concierge on 1300 765 988, Monday to Saturday, 9am–6pm (AEST), by email at concierge@thegoodguys.com.au or by writing to Us at The Good Guys Concierge PO Box 238, Melbourne VIC 3205.. Motorla Assist, Moto Actions, Moto Display. Independent Ratings & Reviews by Reevoo. Ease of use Features Battery life Design Value for money Overall rating Scores 8.8 out of 10 based on 18 reviews. 8 out of 10. Transition from iphone to android a pain, but worth it!. 10 out of 10. doesn't stay stable on the table (curved back) otherwise flawless. 8 out of 10. Very intuitive Faster than I was expecting Voice recognition is excellent. No customisation options (available in the US). Moto X 2nd Gen - Unlocked reviews verified by reevoo. Top things to consider when buying technology products. Are there any special features you want?. Top things to consider when buying technology products. Are there any special features you want?. Do you have a particular brand or product type in mind?. How can this technology make your life easier and better?. Where and how will you use this product?. Is there any new innovative technology youd like to know more about?. Premium delivery is The Good Guys upgraded delivery service. The Good Guys will deliver the product you have purchased into your home, unpack it from the box, then take away all packaging for you as well as removing your old product.. Premium delivery is available for large kitchen appliances, laundry appliances, air conditioners, desktop computers and selected small household appliances.. Premium delivery is not available for televisions, entertainment units, portable appliances, technology products and accessories.. Standard charges apply for single storey dwellings, additional charges may apply for dwellings with stairs. If you have purchased Premium delivery and would like your old product to be taken away, it must be fully disconnected or uninstalled and be readily available for easy removal upon delivery of your new product.. Please note that installations are not included as part of the delivery price. Please click here to refer to our concierge web page for more information.. The Good Guys Discount Warehouses (Australia) Pty Ltd ACN 004880657. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) Folio Leather Cases. iPad 9.7 (2017) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Pro 9.7 (2016) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Pro 12.9 (2015) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Air 2 Folio Leather Cases. iPad mini 4 Folio Leather Cases. iPad mini 3/2/1 Folio Leather Cases. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition Cases. LG Stylo 3 (Plus) / Stylus 3 (Plus) Cases. LG Stylo 2 (Plus) / Stylus 2 (Plus) Cases. LG G4 Stylus/LG G Stylo Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Cases. iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) Folio Leather Cases. iPad 9.7 (2017) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Pro 9.7 (2016) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Pro 12.9 (2015) Folio Leather Cases. iPad Air 2 Folio Leather Cases. iPad mini 4 Folio Leather Cases. iPad mini 3/2/1 Folio Leather Cases. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition Cases. LG Stylo 3 (Plus) / Stylus 3 (Plus) Cases. LG Stylo 2 (Plus) / Stylus 2 (Plus) Cases. LG G4 Stylus/LG G Stylo Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Cases. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Cases. Custom Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S6 edge Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Case. Custom Google Pixel 2 XL Case. Droid Maxx 2 Moto X Play. Custom Moto X Pure Edition Case. Moto X Pure Edition Moto X Style. LG Stylo 3 LG Stylus 3. Custom LG Stylo 3 Plus Case. LG Stylo 3 Plus LG Stylus 3 Plus. LG Stylo 2 LG Stylus 2. LG Stylo 2 Plus LG Stylus 2 Plus. Custom LG G4 Stylus/G Stylo Case. LG G Stylo LG G4 Stylus. Custom HTC Desire 10 Pro Case. Desire 10 Pro Desire 10 Lifestyle. Custom Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Case. Custom Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Case. Custom Huawei Mate 10 Pro Case. Custom Huawei Mate 10 Lite Case. Custom Xiaomi Mi A1 (5X) Case. Custom Redmi Note 4 (4X) Case. Custom Zenfone 3 Max ZC520TL Case. Custom Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Case. Custom iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Leather Folio Case. iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Leather Folio. Custom iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Case. Custom iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) Leather Folio Case. iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) Leather Folio. Custom iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) Case. Custom iPad 9.7 (2017) Leather Folio Case. Custom iPad Pro 9.7 (2016) Leather Folio Case. iPad Pro 9.7 (2016) Leather Folio. Custom iPad Pro 9.7 (2016) Case. Custom iPad Pro 12.9 (2015) Leather Folio Case. iPad Pro 12.9 (2015) Leather Folio. Custom iPad Pro 12.9 (2015) Case. Custom iPad Air 2 Folio Leather Case. Custom iPad Air Folio Leather Case. Custom iPad mini 4 Folio Leather Case. Custom iPad mini 3/2/1 Folio Leather Case. Custom iPad 4/3/2 Folio Leather Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 S-Pen Version Case. Galaxy Tab A 10.1 S-Pen Version. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 Case. Custom Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 Case. Custom Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) Case. Custom Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) Case. Oops! Your browser is not compatiable with Case-Custom.. Thank you for your interest in our service. However Case-Custom is built with modern HTML5 technologies and your browser does not meet the required features.. Please update your browser to the latest version.. Fill the entire dotted line area to cover back and sides of your case. Protect your Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) with our customized case! This case covers the back, sides and corners of your Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) with an impact resistant, flexible Polycarbonate shell, while still providing access to all ports and buttons. This sleek and lightweight case is the perfect way to show off your own style. SHARE: Friends get $10 off their first order and you earn $10.. Oops! Your browser is not compatiable with Case-Custom. Thank you for your interest in our service. However Case-Custom is built with modern HTML5 technologies and your browser does not meet the required features. Please update your browser to the latest version.. Designed for Motorola Moto X(2nd Gen.) / Moto X 2014,. The design wraps around the entire case.. Glossy and matte finish options are available.. Access to all ports, controls & sensors. from your computer, Instagram or Facebook .. Just that easy and fast .. To make it extra special, we do free delivery too!. Case-Custom is a social design service where you can create custom phone cases with your own design. We turn your design into a real case, using our advanced technology, print it and ship it to you.. I have been 8 years around this business, Ah, this time it's totally different, yes guys. The colors, touch and final finish is way so Luxurious. I wouldn't expect any other manufacturer to do the same quality for the proposed cost. I was not sure of this website, I thought to just try it out. The item is lovely! The print is of high Quality, highly recommended! via Kim T.. So my new phone case arrived today and it looks totally awesome! via Jack. Hey guys, I'd love to thank you for an awesome job. I received my custom made case today and love it! The best case I've ever had. Loving my new phone case! via John. I really like my custom case @casecustom via Maria. Thanks for the awesome case! I was so impressed with my first order and ease of working with your website to create it! via JoAnn. I really, REALLY like my phone case!!!! via Pooky. Check out this awesome case I made at case-custom.com! via Octavian. I ordered couple of cases from case-custom and they were amazing. The quality of the image on the case is perfect. I highly recommend case-custom for everyone. I am pretty sure no one will regret for placing order from case-custom. OMG Case-Custom is the best! Thanks for my custom case!!! via isis. Absolutely in love with my new phone case from case-custom. I absolutely recommend checking them out. Really impressed with them, job well done. It even came a week before the estimated delivery date! via Zain. I Love my new case! I highly recommend you to get your customized case @casecustom via Yvette. It printed my phone case exactly the way I wanted and the details of the printing is just perfect! No blurriness at all! via Holly. Thanks guys, my case actually came out awesome. Will definitely be getting more in the future. Custom phone case arrived! via Tam. Get your phone wrapped @casecustom! via Jerry. The custom case is absolutely amazing! The online ordering was very simple. The case is very clear and I love the color of the background. Also it was a decent price most websites are expensive. I would definitely buy from your website again. I would rate it a 10 out of 10 with how happy I was with the product! via Lizzy. Designing case online was so easy in case-custom when compared to other sites. I ordered a photo case and it looks great. They protect my phone and they're durable...also cute. I am the most happiest person to wake up to receive such a fantastic Sasuke phone case. I absolutely love it! You guys did an amazing job, thank you! via Sandra. I got a brand new phone case that I totally love! via Jessi. Look at my cool cover! via Muhd. I love my personalized case from Case-Custom via Alexandra. God bless @casecustom for my customized phone case. Just got my newest Ferrari edition for my Gold Note 4 THANKS. case-custom!! I am just so happy with both of my cases that you have recently made for me! via Andrew. I love my new case thanks!!! @casecustom via Kendall. My new personalized phone case from case-custom via Shell. If you change your case often and like custom made ones, try this one. New phone case arrived! #DoctorWho #Tardis #Phonecase #ThanksGuys via cookomaniac. My beautiful Galaxy Note 4 flip cover! via Des. 
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!. TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!. Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.. Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.. Free Returns with No restocking fee. Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.. Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.. Learn More | Sign Up Now. Newegg Mobile Email Deals Daily Deals Marketplace Spotlight Outlet. Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App!. Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.. Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.. STEM Toy & Robot Gift Guide. Are you a startup? Join us.. Search all Computer Systems Components Electronics Gaming Networking Office Solutions Software & Services Automotive & Industrial Home & Tools Health & Sports Apparel & Accessories Hobbies & Toys. Search Results: "moto x 2nd gen case". Items 1-36 of 1153. BLACK HARD CASE + BELT CLIP HOLSTER w/ STAND FOR MOTOROLA MOTO-X 2nd GEN 2014. Type: Clip Compatible Phone Manufacturer: For Motorola Materials: Rigid Rubberized Plastic Features: With Clip, Kickstand. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLACK TRI-SHIELD RUGGED CASE STAND SCREEN PROTECTOR FOR MOTOROLA MOTO-X 2nd GEN. Type: Fitted Case/Skin Compatible Phone Manufacturer: For Motorola Materials: Rubber and Polycarbonate Features: Kickstand. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ROSE PINK RUBBERIZED PROTEX HARD CASE COVER FOR MOTOROLA MOTO-X 2nd GEN 2014. Type: Fitted Case/Skin Compatible Phone Manufacturer: For Motorola Materials: Rigid Rubberized Plastic. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Impact X Kickstand Case, Motorola Moto G 2nd Gen, Red. Type: Case Compatible Phone Manufacturer: Motorola. Return Policy: View Return Policy. MINT RUBBERIZED PROTEX HARD SHELL CASE COVER FOR MOTOROLA MOTO-X 2nd GEN 2014. Type: Fitted Case/Skin Compatible Phone Manufacturer: For Motorola Materials: Rigid Rubberized Plastic. Return Policy: View Return Policy. FLEX S Protective Case, Motorola Moto X XT1096 (2nd Gen 2014), Mint. Type: Case Compatible Phone Manufacturer: Motorola. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Green. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Moto X 2nd Gen Case, MPERO SNAPZ Series Rubberized Case for Motorola Moto X XT1096 (2nd Gen 2014) - Green Camo. Type: Case Compatible Phone Manufacturer: Motorola. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Hot Pink/White. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Wave Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Blue/Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Frosted TPU Rubber Candy Skin Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Blue/Green. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Wave Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Red/Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Frosted TPU Rubber Candy Skin Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Blue. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand PC/Silicone Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Purple. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Wave Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Purple/Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand PC/Silicone Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Purple. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Frosted TPU Rubber Candy Skin Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), White. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand PC/Silicone Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Red. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand PC/Silicone Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Blue. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand PC/Silicone Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Green. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Gray/Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Moto X 2nd Gen Case, MPERO SNAPZ Series Rubberized Case for Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen 2014) - Radiant Orchid. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Moto X 2nd Gen Case, MPERO SNAPZ Series Rubberized Case for Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen 2014) - Burgundy. Type: Case Compatible Phone Manufacturer: Motorola. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Wave Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Moto X 2nd Gen Case, MPERO SNAPZ Series Rubberized Case for Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen 2014) - Mint Green. Type: Case Compatible Phone Manufacturer: Motorola. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Red. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Hot Pink. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Hard Plastic Case for Moto X (2nd gen), CasesByLorraine Vintage Floral Pattern Colorful PC Case Plastic Cover for Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation (T01). Materials: PC Screen Protector Include: Yes. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Hard Plastic Case for Moto X (2nd gen), CasesByLorraine Colorful Aztec Tribal Pattern PC Case Plastic Cover for Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation (L16-1). Materials: PC Screen Protector Include: Yes. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Wave Symbiosis Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand Rubber Silicone/PC Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Hot Pink/Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Frosted TPU Rubber Candy Skin Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Purple. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Case, eForCity Dual Layer [Shock Absorbing] Protection Hybrid Stand PC/Silicone Case Cover Compatible With Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen), Black/Pink. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Hard Plastic Case for Moto X (2nd gen), CasesByLorraine Abstract Colorful Wood Print PC Case Plastic Cover for Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation (G22). Materials: PC Screen Protector Include: Yes. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Moto X Case, SUPCASE [Unicorn Beetle Series] for All New Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Phone 2014 Release, Premium Hybrid Bumper Case (Frost Clear/Green),Not Fit Moto X Phone (1st Gen.) 2013 Release. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Items 1-36 of 1153. Newegg does not process or deliver orders on weekends or holidays. Delivery will be next business day.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Transparency in Supply Chains Act. 
The New Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) Review. by Joshua Ho on September 17, 2014 9:00 AM EST. Unlike most subjects that need significant explanation to justify the rigor of testing, battery life is something that everyone can appreciate. However, for those that are unfamiliar with our testing, we make it a goal to produce a repeatable, realistic test. In order to do this, our web browsing test runs a loop of webpages that ensures all power states with the screen on are properly represented in the test. In order to control for extraneous variables we standardize display brightness to 200 nits with strong signal.. When running the web browsing test on WiFi, we see that the new Moto X manages to regress in battery life from the previous Moto X. This is a bit of an expected result as only the newer process of the SoC and new display technology can offset the decrease in battery size. In the LTE comparison there's a great deal more complexity as the previous Moto X had a less power efficient modem and RF front-end. The new Moto X has the same WiFi chipset as the previous Moto X, which is Qualcomm's WCN3680.. On LTE, the new Moto X is noticeably trailing behind the rest of the competition. Here we see that battery life is just behind the LG G2, but behind all recent Apple iPhones and just about every other Android high-end flagship phone launched in 2014. While the new Moto X has definitely improved over the previous Moto X, it seems that Motorola has used the newer AMOLED panel and lower power SoC to avoid using a significantly larger battery.. However, web browsing is not the only scenario worth testing. As the web browsing test is largely dominated by display power, it’s important that we test scenarios where all the other subsystems are more dominant in the power equation. For this, we turn to Basemark OS II and GFXBench 3.0, which focus more on CPU and GPU power consumption.. Unfortunately, I could not get our GFXBench rundown test to complete despite multiple attempts as it seems that the phone would either reboot or kill the application. Looking at the logs for the rundown test reveals that there’s no real change in FPS from run to run. After some extra investigation, it seems that this build (KXE21.187-43) doesn't do any throttling on GPU, so any workload that can keep the GPU at maximum heat output without dependence on CPU can cause the phone to reach unacceptable temperatures.. At any rate, the Basemark OS II run did complete so we can look at that.. Unfortunately the Basemark OS II test reveals that battery life is poor compared to the competition. Normally, low battery life is compensated for by high performance but the battery score is only above the Sony Xperia Z1s and Huawei Honor 6, and the latter had no power budgeting mechanisms on the SoC to keep battery life at acceptable levels.. Overall, it’s hard to really say much in the way of praise for battery life. While it’s definitely surprising just how much battery life Motorola has achieved given the size of the battery and display, I suspect that Motorola found themselves in an uncomfortable situation as they tried to deliver a bigger display while keeping the phone easy to use with one hand. I suspect that all things considered, Motorola would have been better off if they went for a smaller display and the smaller height and width that would logically follow. It’s also not that the battery life is bad in an absolute sense, but it isn’t as good as its peers. Motorola is likely tracking closely to their estimated 24 hours of “mixed usage”. The use of Moto Display will also go a long way to reduce the time with the AP and display on.. Before I conclude this section, I just wanted to note that Android L alone won’t improve battery life on these tests. Android RunTime (ART) won’t help with battery life as these applications are native code. Job Scheduler is also irrelevant to our tests, as it will only improve battery life in situations where multiple applications are running in the background. We make every effort to ensure that no background tasks occur during these battery life tests and auto-sync is disabled as well in order to make sure that the only task running is the one under test. We have already run the data early in the summer on the Nexus 5 with Android L developer preview and our data does not show any significant difference in battery life. However, in real world usage where background applications and data syncing are active, one can expect greater battery life with Android L but only in the range of 10-15%.. While battery life from full charge to no charge is critical, in many situations the reverse is also important. For example, if one only has an hour before a flight, the rate at which the battery charges is just as important as the rate at which it discharges in use. In order to test this, the phone is connected to the included charger and the time from the battery begins charging to the time the charger stops drawing significant power is measured, as charging LEDs can often be an inaccurate method of determining charge time.. Motorola ends up on the high side here, which is somewhat expected due to the relatively small battery. I'm surprised that this is possible with a 5V, 1.15A charger though.. Please log in or sign up to comment.. AppleCrappleHater2 - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. A dream comes true, finally, the first time in my life being the first to post a comment on a newly published article on AT. tipoo - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. NeatOman - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. Leave the guy alone, no one likes a bully... But! Only sometimes were I can't help it laugh :). soccerballtux - Thursday, September 18, 2014 - link. I'm happy to hear he was so happy. on topic, as an avid user of MightyText (text from PC via wifi or cell data), my Nexus 5 battery woes are no more. Trimming txt usage off the screen on time has given me the battery life I required most days. I think this review neglected to mention the battery life savings available with this MotoConnect feature. CanvasExtractor - Wednesday, October 15, 2014 - link. Sadly Google crippled KitKat's SMS APIs so badly that MightyText cannot mark messages sent (as far as I can tell) or even show MMSes in the stream of messages you send and receive. Hopefully Google will take note and fix this, instead of forcing us to rely on per-device features ("bloatware?") to fix their problem. craighamilton - Saturday, December 06, 2014 - link. Seems to be a nice phone, but when you look at consumer based rankings (such as http://www.topreport.org/phones/ for example) it is nowhere to be found within the top. n13L5 - Saturday, September 20, 2014 - link. Too bad being from Greedle, it lacks a Micro SD card... I'd just buy it for the ultra cool bamboo otherwise!. marcokatz - Friday, September 26, 2014 - link. Back to topic: The Moto X 2 is a fantastic phone, that's for sure, and the only other phone that can compete with it is the HTC One M8. Mayuyu - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. BTW, is there going to be a iPhone review? Or has the Apple fans on staff left and there isn't anyone interested in doing iPhone coverage?. Alexey291 - Wednesday, September 17, 2014 - link. They don't have a review device yet. Or aren't allowed to release the review until a certain date. So they spam all these crappy "there's swiftkey in ios now", "swiftkey works ok in ios" and "we found a leaked benchmark but we think it might be true" articles (aka clickbait articles). IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
