CNET también está disponible en español.. Motorola Moto Z Play review:. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The affordable Moto Z Play works with swappable modular accessories, retains its headphone jack (unlike the more upmarket Moto Z and Z Force) and has a battery that goes on and on.. The Bad The Z Play is the thickest and heaviest phone in the Moto Z series and its fingerprint sensor, annoyingly, can be mistaken for a home button.. The Bottom Line Even if you don't give two licks about its cool modular capabilities, get the Motorola Moto Z for an affordable phone with an impressively enduring battery life.. What makes this phone unique again?. What's the difference between this Z Play and the Moto Z and the Moto Z Force?. Motorola's Moto Z is a premium phone that made waves with its magnetic snap-on accessories. Unlike the LG G5 , which also had swappable components, Motorola's take on modularity made a lot more sense and was easier to use.. With its Moto Z Play, the company trimmed down the hardware but beefed up the battery, retained the quirky Moto Mod feature and slapped on a cheaper price. And what can I say? I'm all for it. Affordable, reliable and boasting super-long battery life, the Z Play is an excellent midrange phone even without the Mods.. The device is available in the US on Verizon for $408, but an unlocked version that's compatible with GSM networks will be available globally in October for $450 (or £347 and AU$590, converted). Compare that with the original Z and its other counterpart the Z Force , which costs an additional $200 or more, the Z Play offers you all the goodies from Motorola's Z series, without breaking your wallet.. Moto Z Play: It keeps going, and going and going.... The Z Play is a fully functioning handset, but on its back are two rows of magnetic bumps that let you attach and swap out accessories called Moto Mods. These Mods have a variety of uses and can be as simple as a decorative back cover (those covers come in a variety of patterns and textures) or as complex as an extra battery case, a snap-on speaker with kickstand or a projector. Motorola's newest Mod, a point-and-shoot camera accessory with a 10x optical zoom, is called the Hasselblad True Zoom .. The Mods are incredibly easy to use. With the audio speaker, music automatically starts playing when attached,and the projector requires hardly any setup. Even the True Zoom takes only a few seconds to ramp up and start capturing pictures.. Connecting the point-and-shoot camera accessory with the Moto Z Play.. The Z Play looks like the Z and Z Force (they share that annoying fingerprint sensor on the front that can be mistaken too easily for the home button), but as the more affordable midrange option, its specs vary. For one, instead of ditching the 3.5mm headphone jack like the other two, the Z Play still has its jack. That means its USB Type-C port and headphone jack exist side by side, together and happy, and you don't need a dongle adapter to listen to your music. You can also charge your phone while listening to beats. With even the Apple iPhone 7 losing its jack , maybe there's hope for your wired headphones in this cruel post-headphone-jack world, after all.. Though Z Play's 5.5-inch display is the same size as the other two, but it has a 1,080-pixel resolution compared with the others' 1,440p, and it isn't as durable as the Z Force's ShatterShield display. The Z Play also has a less powerful processor and a bit less RAM and its 16-megapixel rear camera sits between the Z and the Z Force's in terms of megapixels (compare all specs below). The camera lacks optical image stabilization too, so your photos might look blurrier if you have an unsteady hand.. From left to right: Motorola's Moto Z Play, Z and Z Force.. Lastly, the Z Play is a tad thicker and heavier than the already weighty Z Force. This is because the former packs a slightly larger battery. Motorola says this is the "longest-lasting phone battery" on a Moto phone, which I'll get to later. For a quick comparison, check out our chart below:. Motorola Moto Z Force (US only). Headphone jack, Moto Mod snap-on accessories and dedicated accessory port on back. Moto Mod snap-on accessories and dedicated accessory port on back. Moto Mod snap-on accessories and dedicated accessory port on back. The phone's 16-megapixel camera took clear, decent photos and its shutter operated quickly. Though I didn't have as a noticeably rough time with the camera's white balance as I did with the Z and Z Force, some images I captured still had white hues that were slightly tinted blue. Dimmer environments understandably featured more graininess, but the camera was altogether satisfactory for quick, casual shots. For more about photo quality, check out the images below and click on them to view them at their full resolution.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Motorola Moto Z Play. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). CDMA 800 / 1900 - USA. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300) - USA. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 25(1900), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500) - India. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 28(700) - Europe. 156.4 x 76.4 x 7 mm (6.16 x 3.01 x 0.28 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 82.6 cm 2 (~69.1% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~403 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), 7.1.1 (Nougat), planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 16 MP (f/2.0, 1.3 µm), phase detection and laser autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, Auto-HDR. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, 720p@120fps, check quality. 5 MP (f/2.2, 1.4 µm), LED flash, 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, magnetic connector. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Basemark OS II: 1226 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1031 Basemark X: 10401. Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.526 (sunlight). Also known as Motorola Moto Z Play Droid in USA. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto Z Play - user opinions and reviews. If you mean RAM, my Moto Z Play usually has around 600 MB free of RAM.. My Moto Z Play has the latest update of software, it is Android 7.1.1 security patched December 2017.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Motorola Moto Z Play Droid for Verizon is a relatively affordable midrange Android phone with the same modular functionality as its higher-end siblings. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. Sharp camera with 4K video recording. Includes a headphone jack, fingerprint scanner, NFC, and expandable storage.. The Motorola Moto Z Play Droid for Verizon is a relatively affordable midrange Android phone with the same modular functionality as its higher-end siblings.. The Moto Z Play on Verizon ($408) is the latest phone to join Motorola's revamped Droid line. Like the pricier Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid , the Moto Z Play Droid supports Moto Mods, seamless add-on accessories that attach directly to the back of the phone. It also holds its own in the hardware department, boasting solid overall performance, a long-lasting battery, and a sharp camera capable of recording 4K video. That said, the unlocked ZTE Axon 7 also works on Verizon, and gets you a sharper display and a more powerful processor, retaining our Editors' Choice award for midrange smartphones. But if you want to give Moto Mods a try without breaking the bank, the Z Play Droid is the most affordable way to do it.. Apple iPhone 6s Plus (Verizon Wireless). Design and Display The Moto Z Play Droid is almost indistinguishable from the Z Force Droid both in terms of size and design. The Play measures 6.2 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.8 ounces, nearly identical to the Force (6.1 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches, 5.7 ounces). It's lighter than the ZTE Axon 7 (6.0 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches, 6.17 ounces), but without the Axon's smooth curved sides and rounded back, it's just a tad too large to use with one hand.. When the phone is powered off, the only surefire way to tell it apart from the Force is by checking the bottom — the Play has a 3.5mm headphone jack, while the Force (and the ) does not. The other main difference is that if you peel off the removable back cover, you'll see that the back of the Play is clad in glass, rather than metal like the Force.. Otherwise, the two phones also share a similar layout of buttons along their metal sides. You'll find a clicky volume and power button on the right, a USB-C charging port and the aforementioned audio jack on the bottom, and a combined SIM/microSD card slot (that worked fine with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card) on the top. Below the display is a square-shaped fingerprint sensor. It doesn't double as a home button, which takes some getting used to if you're coming from an Apple or Samsung phone.. Left to right: Moto Z Play Droid, Moto Z Force Droid. The front of the Play is a 5.5-inch, 1,920-by-1,080-pixel display. At 401 pixels per inch ( ), its sharpness is equal to the Motorola Moto G4 and the Apple iPhone 6s Plus. It's not as crisp as the Quad HD display on the ZTE Axon 7, but it has good color reproduction, great viewing angles, and gets bright enough to see outdoors under direct sunlight.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. But unlike the Force, the Play's display is only covered by Gorilla Glass, not ShatterShield, a multilayer plastic-and-glass coating that's virtually shatterproof. And you don't get the Force's four-year warranty against cracks and breaks. The Play does have a water-repellant coating for protection from splashes or rain, but it won't hold up against complete submersion.. Moto Mods The back of the Play features a removable panel with magnetic attachments. It's compatible with all the current Moto Mods, including the JBL SoundBoost speaker ($79.99), the Moto -Share projector ($299.99), and various battery packs from brands like Kate Spade and Tumi ($59.99 to $89.99). The Play also launches alongside the Hassleblad True Zoom Camera ($249.99), a Moto Mod that essentially turns the phone into a point-and-shoot camera with a 10x zoom lens.. All of the attachments snap on easily and are automatically recognized by the Play. Only time will tell if they truly catch on, but it's the best instance of modular phone design we've and helps differentiate the Play from countless other midrange phones on the market.. Network Performance and Connectivity The Play is a Verizon-exclusive that supports CDMA (850/1900MHz), GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), UMTS (850/900/1900/2100MHz), and LTE (2/3/4/5/7/13) bands. That's everything you need for strong network performance, which my testing in midtown Manhattan confirmed: Data transfers peaked at 36Mbps down outdoors and 10Mbps down inside.. Unfortunately, results weren't as strong when I tested the Play's dual-band Wi-Fi with our 5GHz FiOS router. I experienced three separate instances where the phone lost connection. The phone also regularly recorded weaker download speeds than other dual-band capable phones like the iPhone 6s Plus. We've notified Motorola of these issues and plan to test unit to see if the issue remains; we'll update this review as soon as we get a chance to test the new model.. The phone also supports NFC, so you can use Android Pay.. Transmissions have a habit of fading in and out, sometimes to the point of being inaudible. Fortunately, noise cancellation is strong, blotting out almost all background sound, but you may still need to speak up to be heard.. Processor, Battery, and Camera The Play is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor clocked at 2GHz. It scores 62,568 in the AnTuTu benchmark, which tests overall system performance. That's a major performance notch below the Snapdragon 820 processor that powers the Droid (150,559), Force (151,604), and Axon 7 (141,989), but more powerful than the Snapdragon 617-powered Moto G4 (46,260).. That said, I used the Play and Force side by side and couldn't detect any major difference in real-world usage, even though the Play also has less RAM (3GB). The Play was fast and smooth in testing, handled all the multitasking I could throw at it, and experienced no instances of slowdown. I was able to play heavy-duty games like Asphalt 8 and GTA: San Andreas without any difficulty.. See How We Test Cell Phones Battery life is great. The Play clocked 7 hours and 48 minutes in our rundown test, in which we set screen brightness to maximum and stream full-screen video over LTE. That's nearly two hours longer than its siblings, which each clocked around 6 hours, likely due to the less power-hungry 1080p panel. With the included TurboPower adapter, I was able to charge the phone to around 30 percent in fifteen minutes. A built-in Battery Saver mode is another option for eking out more screen time, but it comes at the cost of reduced performance.. Camera The Play has a 16-megapixel rear camera sensor on the back. It protrudes a bit when the back cover is off, but sits flush when it's on. It's a solid, fast-focusing sensor that captures crisp shots under most circumstances. There were a few test photos that suffered from overexposure, but most images had minimal noise and grain. Color reproduction is accurate, and fine details are captured with an impressive degree of clarity; in some I was able to make out the veins of individual tree leaves.. Pictures often come out muddy or out of focus, despite the assistance of laser autofocus. The other shortfall is the absence of optical image stabilization (OIS), which I noticed mainly in recorded video. The Play is capable of recording 4K and 1080p footage at 30fps, and while video quality is sharp, it suffers from more jittering than what I shot with the Force.. There's also a 5-megapixel wide-angle lens on the front that takes clear shots, even in lower-light settings. The camera app comes with standard options like HDR, as well as manual controls that let you change white balance, shutter speed, exposure, focus, and other settings.. Software The Play ships with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with minimal changes to the Google launcher. You'll still find the standard set of Motorola features, though. There's Moto Display, which keeps your screen on to show time and notifications; Moto Actions, which are gesture controls like a twist to launch the camera; and Moto Voice, which gives you a range of voice commands.. There's a fair amount of bloatware, which leaves you with 23.85GB of available storage out of the 32GB total. You'll find eight Verizon apps, two Amazon apps, IMDB, and four games preloaded; only the games can be uninstalled. On the plus side, Android's Adoptable Storage features you the option of setting up a microSD card to act like part of the phone's internal storage.. Conclusions The Moto Z Play Droid is a relatively affordable Android phone that balances price and gives you access to the Verizon cellular network, and can be enhanced using Motorola's modular Moto Mods. At $408, it's more than $200 less than the and $300 less than the Droid. If you're looking for an even more affordable option, the unlocked Moto G4 gets you a similar experience but with slightly less performance and without the Moto Mods. If you're willing to spend $400 and can live without the Moto Mods, the ZTE Axon 7 is our Editors' Choice. It has a higher-resolution display than the Play, along with a faster processor and excellent audio quality.. Bottom Line: The Motorola Moto Z Play Droid for Verizon is a relatively affordable midrange Android phone with the same modular functionality as its higher-end siblings.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto Z Play. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto Z Play smartphone was launched in August 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 403 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto Z Play price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto Z Play is powered by 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto Z Play packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto Z Play runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3510mAh non removable battery. It measures 156.40 x 76.40 x 6.99 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 165.00 grams. The Motorola Moto Z Play is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, Headphones, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Sturdy construction Crisp display Good cameras Long battery life Compatible with Moto Mods Bad No Wi-Fi ac Slightly unwieldy. Read detailed Motorola Moto Z Play review. Moto Z Play now receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat update in India. Moto Z Play Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update, Including in India. Moto Z, Moto Z Play Now Available in India: Price, Specifications, and More. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto Z Play Price in India Moto Z Play (Black, 32GB) Rs. Motorola Moto Z Play detailed specifications. Release date August 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 156.40 x 76.40 x 6.99 Weight (g) 165.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3510 Removable battery No Colours Black, Silver, Black Slate White, Fine Gold, Sugar White SAR value 1.14. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 403. Processor 2GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones Yes FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto Z Play. 3.9 Out of 5. 5 Star 10 4 Star 3 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 4. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 11 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Dave McIntyre | 21 Feb 2017. *Fingerprint reader best I have ever used. *Quick, powerful (not the fastest but works great). *NO Bloatware (hear me Samsung!! Copy Moto they get it right!). Note: I have owned for 2 weeks and absolutely LOVE this phone, solid, reliable, powerful and beautiful. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Johnny Bado | 30 Sep 2017. This phone has the best battery life the market screen is good as well. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Vicky Krissh | 15 Jan 2017. i think it is very good mobile because it has no hybrid slotnso we can expand the memory. all new phone little bit heat up while charging because of turbo charger. and it has good processor it has very good camera and it contain frontflash also and i think it has worth to buy it.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Harsh Rathod | 9 Oct 2016. I wonder how can ppl expect to get all of flagships features but at price of midrange. This phone has got it almost right at this range. Offcourse u cant expect it to have sd 820 and high resolution. If its so just shell out 650 dollars. And ppl saying at this price range we xn get leeco and op3 n shit. Yea theres karbonn and micromax and gionee. But those cant be Compared to a company like motorola which has been since advent of mobile phones. Ppl dnt complaint throwing away 80k fr a iphone which half the hardware, but fr other companied thy want everything but at low price. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Chandan Kumar | 9 Oct 2016. awesome mobile this product is recommend to all of my friends. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Moto Z Play now receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat update in India. Moto Z Play Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update, Including in India. Moto Z, Moto Z Play Now Available in India: Price, Specifications, and More. Moto Z, Moto Z Play Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. Moto Z to Launch in India This Festive Season, Lenovo Executive Confirms. Moto Z Play With Moto Mods Launched: Price, Specifications, and More. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Lenovo Vibe K5 Motorola Moto X4 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play Apple iPhone 7 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Huawei Google Nexus 6p Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto Z Force vs. Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto X Force vs. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Motorola Moto G 4g Samsung Galaxy On8 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto Turbo Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Sony Xperia X Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto Z Play in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.16 x 3.01 x 0.28 inches (156.4 x 76.4 x 6.99 mm). Weight 5.82 oz (165 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Glass; Accents: Metal. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 19, 20, 25, 28. LTE (TDD) Bands 38, 40, 41. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $400 Buy. $335 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3. Motorola XT1635 Moto Z Play Hearts & Green Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Vertical Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Vertical Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Motorola XT1635 Moto Z Play Black Astronoot Phone Case Cover. Motorola XT1635 Moto Z Play Rose Gold Black Astronoot Case. Motorola XT1635 Moto Z Play Silver Black Astronoot Case Cover. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for Motorola Moto Z Play. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for Motorola Moto Z Play. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for Motorola Moto Z Play. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Posh Genuine Real Leather Premium Luxury MyJacket Wallet Case with Strap for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Green for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Crocodile Genuine Real Leather MyJacket Wallet Case Flap Phone Pouch for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet 3.1A Dual USB Port Car Charger with Extended 5ft Cable Cable for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet 5V / 25Watt (5.1Amp) 4-Port Fast Rapid Charge USB Desktop Charging Station Travel Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat White for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Fast Car Charger for Motorola Moto Z Play. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Green for Motorola Moto Z Play. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - White / Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Retractable 3.5mm Stereo In-Ear Headphones Earbuds Compact - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. 2X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play. 3X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play. 4X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play. 5X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play. 6X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet 10 Watt/2.1 Amp Dual USB Fast Charging Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Home Travel Wall Charger USB Port - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Car Charger with 2 USB Ports and 1 Car Socket Lighter Adapter White/Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet High Powered Dual USB Port 10Watt (2.1Amp) Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Low Profile 5Watt (1Amp) USB Car Charger - Purple for Motorola Moto Z Play. 2-port White Round Earphone Splitter with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Rotating Display Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Wrap Clip for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Universal Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Universal Phone Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Universal Premium Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play. Blue Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Universal Tablet & Phone CD Slot Mount for Motorola Moto Z Play. Pink Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play. Red Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play. Silver Mobile Speakers for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset with Neckband Earbuds for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Clock for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Lemon for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Skull for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Mini Phone Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Bowknot Mirror for Motorola Moto Z Play. White International Adaptor All-In-One Wall Plug for Motorola Moto Z Play. Windshield Car Holder Black Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto Z Play. Windshield Car Holder White Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Bluetooth Portable Speaker for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Charging Receiver for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play. Blue Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play. Gold Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play. Hot Pink Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play. Silver Dual Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Red for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder with 360 Degree Rotation & Tightening Knob for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Durable Car Air Vent Smartphone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Car Dashboard Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Heavy Duty 360 Degree Swivel Belt Clip Holder Holster Attachment Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Heavy Duty All Weather Bicycle Smartphone Pouch Safe Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Heavy Duty Magnetic Car Phone Mount Holder Attachment for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Smartphone and Tablet Desktop Novelty Office Premium Stand Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Smartphone Durable Bike Bicycle Phone Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Sticky Pad Car Dashboard Windshield Cell Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Windshield Car Holder Smart Phone Mount with Large Suction Cup for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear Black Non-Slip Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Extra Strength Adhesive Multipurpose Mounting Disk Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. Quick Charge Fast Rapid USB Wall Home Travel Charger QC 3.0 Phones Tablets for Motorola Moto Z Play. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. Super Duty Premium Quick Rapid QC 3.0 Car Charger for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Acu Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Digital for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Digital for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Khaki for Motorola Moto Z Play. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Python for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Space Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Gold Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Hot Pink Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. White Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Rose Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Silver 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Car CD Slot Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap CD Slot Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet 2-Port 4000mAh Portable Charger Power Bank With Suction Cup - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Green for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - White for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Genuine Leather Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Pink Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. White Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Rose Gold Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cellet White Stylus Pen with Laser, LED Light & Ballpoint Pen 4 in 1 for Motorola Moto Z Play. 360 Degree Rotating Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. 360 Degree Rotating Windshield Car Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Sticky Pad Dashboard Car Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Universal Dashboard Stand Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Windshield Desktop Car Mount Clamp Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Green for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Purple for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Red for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Green for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Purple for Motorola Moto Z Play. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. White Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play. Apple Green Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play. Blue Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play. Hot Pink Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Bicycle Bike Mount Holder Universal Handle Bar Clip GPS Phone for Motorola Moto Z Play. Red Black Car Air Vent Holder Mount Cradle Stand Universal for Motorola Moto Z Play. Black Universal One Touch U Stand Kickstand Accessory Add-On Sticky for Motorola Moto Z Play. 1 - 2 - 3. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Oct 4, 2016. View all photos (9). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.28 inches). The Motorola Moto Z Play carries a 5.5-inch screen with a 1080 x 1920 resolution. Powering the unit is an octa-core 2GHz CPU along with the Adreno 506 GPU. The Moto Z Play also sports 3GB of RAM and 32GB of native storage. A 16MP camera adorns the back of the unit, with a 5MP selfie snapper in front.. Dimensions: 6.16 x 3.01 x 0.28 inches (156.4 x 76.4 x 6.99 mm). Weight: 5.82 oz (165 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Glass; Accents: Metal. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features: Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 19, 20, 25, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 40, 41. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 31 Aug 2016. Shopping information MSRP price: € 499. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto Z Play specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $400 Buy. $335 Buy. Deal: The Moto Z Play is on sale for just $270 (40% off) at B&H. Save 40% on the Moto Z Play at B&H; other Moto models are also on sale. Deal: Unlocked 32GB Moto Z Play on sale at B&H for just $250, the lowest price to date. May the Moto Z Force be with you; a Star Wars Moto Mod is coming, but only to China. Moto Z Play spotted running Android 8.0 (Oreo); update is coming soon?. B&H Black Friday deal: Buy the unlocked Moto Z Play for $249.99, a 44% discount. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z. Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines. Babies & Kids Car Seats Children’s Health High Chairs Strollers. Cars New & Used Cars Research Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires. Health Blood Pressure Monitors Hearing Aids Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements. Home & Garden Snow Blowers Paints Generators Mattresses. Money Car Insurance Credit Cards Luggage Homeowners Insurance. Most Popular Space Heaters Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops & Wall Ovens Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Water Heaters. Cozy Up to a Space Heater. All Product Reviews Babies & Kids. Most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car Seats Children’s Health Cribs Doctors & Hospitals Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Insect Repellent Strollers Thermometers. The Dangers of Winter Coats and Car Seats. Ratings & Recommended Cars New Cars Ratings Used Cars Ratings Best & Worst Lists. Ratings by Type Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs More. Ready to Shop All Car Buying & Pricing Advice Best New Car Deals Build & Buy Car Buying Service Used Car Marketplace. For Owners All Maintenance & Repair Car Battery Ratings Jump Starter Ratings Tire Ratings. 2018 Autos Spotlight: Best Cars of the Year & More. Most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets TVs Wireless Routers. Smartphones With the Best Battery Life. Most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Doctors & Hospitals Elliptical Exercisers Fitness Trackers Food & Drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Heart Rate Monitors Insect Repellents Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements. The Best Way to Lose Weight for You. All Product Reviews Home & Garden. Most Popular Smoke & CO Detectors Flooring Chain Saws Generators Snow Blowers Mattresses Paints Pressure Washers String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows. Most and Least Reliable Snow Blower Brands. Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Student Debt Special Report. 6 Surprising Ways to Save Money. Please call Customer Care at 1-800-333-0663. By clicking " Become a Member " you accept the terms of our. We’re so glad to have you as a member. You now have access to benefits that can help you choose right, be safe and stay informed.. The Motorola Moto Z Play is a smartphone that was tested with the Android 6.0.1 operating system. This model weighs 6.6 ounces, has a 5.5 inch touch screen display, 16-megapixel main camera, and 5-megapixel selfie camera. It comes with 3GB of RAM. It was tested with 32GB of storage and has a memory card slot for expanded storage.. Unlock for unbiased ratings and reviews for products and services you use everyday. The Motorola Moto Z Play is part of the Cell phone & service. models like the Moto Z Play are rated on multiple criteria, such as those listed below.. Handset capabilities: Handset capabilities includes versatility which includes types of sensors, WLAN tethering, and battery features and performance. It also includes, storage, processor performance, and cellular features.. Battery life: Battery life represents tests under nominal cell-network signals, including battery consumption performing tasks that involve voice, data, display, and other factors.. Camera: Rear image quality: Still image quality using the rear facing (main) camera. It is based on objective and subjective judgments of test images, which includes evaluating resolution, dynamic range, color accuracy, and visual noise.. Indicates the phone supports a 4G LTE (Long-Term Evolution) data network.. These phones have built-in WiFi that gives them fast Internet and e-­mail access through home networks and WiFi hotspots. Phones can use the connection to share content, or make calls using Voice over Internet Protocol, though the latter may not be available from all providers.. Bluetooth support typically means the phone works with wireless Bluetooth headsets and most hands-free car systems, and it can wirelessly exchange pictures, contacts, and other information with other compatible Bluetooth devices, such as a computer, cell phone, speaker system, smartwatches, or printer. Not all Bluetooth phones support all these capabilities.. Indicates the phone supports NFC (Near field communication) data typically used for wireless payment such as Apple Pay and Android Pay.. Newer phones are starting to not include the standard 3.5mm headphone jack and instead are using the USB C port. This requires a different pair of headphones or an adapter if you want to continue using your favorite headphones.. A biometric fingerprint reader for logging into your smartphone and certain apps.. Specifies, in megapixels, the maximum resolution of the rear-­facing camera.. Some phones have a built-in camera flash, which is helpful when taking pictures in dark environments.. The maximum recording resolution of the phone's primary video camera: Ultra HD (4K), 1080p, 720p, or SD (Standard Definition).. Specifies, in megapixels, the maximum resolution of the front-facing camera. A camera with a 0.3 megapixel value is also referred to as VGA. Models with an NA don't have a front-facing camera.. Phones with a built in FM radio require a special stereo headset be plugged into the phone to use the radio. The headset acts as both the audio output and the radio's antenna. This feature may not be available from all providers.. Indicates if a headset (earphones) is included. This feature may not be available from all providers.. Phones that support GPS Navigation services conveniently integrate GPS with maps and search engines to give you real-time, spoken, turn-by-turn directions to an entered address, or to help you find nearby businesses by name or category, such as Joe's Pizzeria or hospitals. We indicate which phones have GPS navigation capability. The service for nearly all models doesn’t cost extra, but on some models it can cost extra.. Shows whether or not the model has a removable battery.. Available for purchase on these other service providers. The performances or features of these related phones may differ from provider to provider.. If the phone survived 50 or more drops and being submerged in 1 meter or more of water, then it is considered rugged.. Height is measured to the nearest tenth of an inch (folding phones are measured closed). This value may vary slightly by provider.. Width is measured to the nearest tenth of an inch (folding phones are measured closed). This value may vary slightly by provider.. Depth is measured to the nearest tenth of an inch (folding phones are measured closed). This value may vary slightly by provider.. Weight is measured to the nearest tenth of an ounce, with the battery installed. This value may vary slightly by provider.. Total storage (gigabytes) provided, both internal and external, for the operating system, apps, content, and etc. Availability for models with multiple memory storage capacities are subject to change.. Storage that is left available to the user once the operating system and applications that come with the phone are installed and set up.. RAM is where the phone keeps the pieces of the operating system and applications that are currently being used. It is much faster than storage and an SD card so if you have enough for all your needs the phone will respond much more quickly.. Phones that have slots that accept memory cards, typically microSD, allow you to conveniently expand storage capacity by up to 256GB, and sometimes even more. The removable card may be hard to access.. Write a review of this product to share your opinions with others.. Thank you for sharing your thoughts on this product! Please focus on the product performance and. Your review will be posted on Consumer Reports for other subscribers to view. for more information about the review process. If you'd like to report a safety problem with your product, please fill out. Please try again, in a moment. Provided by eBay Commerce Network and Amazon, Consumer Reports Price &. Shop makes it easy to find the right product from a variety of online retailers.. Price & Shop is unbiased: retailers cannot influence placement. Clicking "Shop" will take you to the retailer's website to shop for this product.. Please note that Consumer Reports collects fees from both eBay Commerce Network and Amazon for referring users.. We use 100% of these fees to support our nonprofit mission.. Consumer Reports is an independent, non-profit organization dedicated to helping consumers. Oops! You no longer have digital access to ratings and reviews.. to get the information you were looking for!. You will get digital access to reviews and ratings for over 8,000 products and services to help you make better choices for life’s big moments and the everyday ones in between.. If you feel you have received this message in error, please view our customer care. or access your account information here.. Account Settings Member Services Report a Safety Problem Career Opportunities. A-Z Index Product Index Car Index Video Index. Canada Extra en Español Media Room Newsletters Membership Ask CR. © 2006 - 2018 Consumer Reports. © 2006 - 2018 Consumer Reports. Sign in or Become a member. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for motorola z play. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for motorola z play. Save motorola z play to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow motorola z play to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. **New Sealed** Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 5.5" Unlocked Smart Phone/ Lunar Grey. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 64GB Dual Sim Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE GSM Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 32GB - Black (Verizon GSM Unlocked) Smartphone C. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Shockproof Hybrid Armor Rugged Hard Stand Case Cover For Motorola Moto Z2 Play. For Motorola Moto Z2 Play Slim Hybrid Hard Shockproof Rubber Armor Case Cover. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-02 Verizon Check IMEI C. UNLOCKED Refurbished Motorola Moto Z Play 5.5'' 4G LTE w/ 32GB SmartPhone - Gray. NEW SEALED Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 32GB Lunar Gray Unlocked Smartphone !!. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635 XT16351 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-02 Verizon Check IMEI C. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 - 32GB Black & Silver GSM Unlocked Smartphone MINT. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Droid Play (Latest )XT1635 32GB Grey (Verizon) 9/10. 1 new & refurbished from C $599.00. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid - Black (Verizon) Smartphone XT1635-01. 1 new & refurbished from $180.95. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid 32GB XT1635 Verizon Wireless CellPhone FOR SALE. For Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 | Moto Z Play 2nd Gen Clip Stand Black Case. Motorola Moto Z Play Android 6.0 Snapdragon 625 Octa Core WIFI Touch ID 3GB 64GB. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 4GB RAM. Motorola Moto Z Play 2nd Generation unlocked - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Verizon). OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB 16MP. MOTOROLA MOTO Z PLAY XT1635 32GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE BRAND NEW. MOTOROLA MOTO Z PLAY XT1635 32GB WHITE FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE BRAND NEW. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 White (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 16MP. Moto Z2 Play Leather Case Ultra Slim Hard Sparkly Protective Motorola Rose Gold. Brushed Black Soft TPU Cover Case + Bundle [Motorola Moto Z2 Play / Z2 Force]. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB Gray. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 16MP. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB Gray. New Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-09 64GB 4GB Ram 12MP Dual Sim+Gift. Unlocked -Motorola Moto Z2 Play 2nd Gen. - 32GB - Black (Verizon)Great Cond LTE. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-06 (64GB) Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked US & Global. 5.5" Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 3GB+64GB Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz 4G. Motorola Moto Z Play Unlocked XT1635-02 32GB Black NEW. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Play 32GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone XT1635-02 *LCD Image Burn*. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Android 6.0 Snapdragon 626 Octa Core WIFI Touch ID 4GB64GB. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635-01 32GB White GSM VERIZON UNLOCKED T-MOBILE. Motorola MOTO Z PLAY 32GB 5.5" 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone - White ✔✔. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635 XT16351 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone. Moto Z2 Play Case, LEEGU [Shock Absorption] Dual Layer Heavy Duty Protective Sil. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual SIM 64GB/4GB Gold 12MP 5.5" Phone By FedEx. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 - 32GB - Black and Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK F571. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Dual SIM 32GB Black 16MP 5.5" Android Phone ByFedEx. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Moto Z Play (1st gen.) by motorola 32gb GSM factory unlocked smartphone. 9 new & refurbished from $240.00. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-09 TW 4GB 64GB Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.5" Gold. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-02 Verizon Unlocked Android Smartphone BLACK GREAT. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GOLD G505. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Android 6.0 Snapdragon 626 Octa Core GPS Touch ID 4GB 64GB. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-02 Verizon Unlocked Android Smartphone GOLD *GREAT*. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 AT&T T-Mobile Unlocked Smartphone BLACK *GREAT*. Motorola MOTO Z PLAY 32GB XT1635-02 4G GSM Unlocked 5.5" Phone Black. Unlocked -Motorola Moto Z Play 2nd Gen. - 32GB - Black (Verizon)Great Condition!. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 32GB 4G LTE GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone Black. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 AT&T T-Mobile Unlocked Smartphone BLACK *GOOD*. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 32GB Unlocked Smartphone - Black. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-09 Dual SIM 4G LTE 64GB Fine Gold Wty. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 White (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 16MP. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 Verizon Unlocked Android Smartphone WHITE *FAIR*. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Lunar Gray 32GB XT1710-01 UNLOCKED *NEW Open Box*. White LCD Touch Screen Digitizer For Motorola Z Play XT1635-02 | Droid XT1635-01. Dual Red Silicone Cover Case + Bundle [Motorola Moto Z2 Force / Z2 Play]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 2.0GHz/ 3GB Ram/ 32GB. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Smartphone. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Smartphone. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 7.5 - 8.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 7.5 - 8.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. 5 - 7/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Features the new industry standard, reversible USB Type-C connector. Advanced power smart detection that identifies the device’s maximum charging speeds. Smart IC chip technology prevents devices from overcharging, overheating and over current. LED indicator to ensure your device is properly connected for charging. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP USB-Type-C Wall Charger and Cable Combo SA-EP-TA300CWEGUJ, White. Super fast recharge for your Samsung Galaxy. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Type-C Reversible Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your device to a Mac or Windows PC. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Pink. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Black. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, White. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Cellet 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Retractable Car Charger, Black. 15 watts / 3 amps output. Reversible USB Type-C hassle free design. Advanced power smart detection identifies device’s max charging speed and smart IC chip technology provides protection against overcharging, overheating and over current. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Type-C Mini Phone Fan, Hot Pink. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Posh Genuine Real Leather Premium Luxury MyJacket Wallet Case with Strap for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Green for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Crocodile Genuine Real Leather MyJacket Wallet Case Flap Phone Pouch for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet 3.1A Dual USB Port Car Charger with Extended 5ft Cable Cable for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet 5V / 25Watt (5.1Amp) 4-Port Fast Rapid Charge USB Desktop Charging Station Travel Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Fast Car Charger for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Green for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - White / Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Retractable 3.5mm Stereo In-Ear Headphones Earbuds Compact - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 2X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 3X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 4X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 5X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 6X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet 10 Watt/2.1 Amp Dual USB Fast Charging Wall Home Charger - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Home Travel Wall Charger USB Port - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Car Charger with 2 USB Ports and 1 Car Socket Lighter Adapter White/Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet High Powered Dual USB Port 10Watt (2.1Amp) Car Charger - Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Low Profile 5Watt (1Amp) USB Car Charger - Purple for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 2-port White Round Earphone Splitter with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Rotating Display Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Wrap Clip for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Universal Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Universal Phone Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Universal Premium Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Blue Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Universal Tablet & Phone CD Slot Mount for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Pink Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Red Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Silver Mobile Speakers for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset with Neckband Earbuds for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Clock for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Lemon for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Skull for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Mini Phone Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Bowknot Mirror for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. White International Adaptor All-In-One Wall Plug for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Windshield Car Holder Black Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Windshield Car Holder White Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Bluetooth Portable Speaker for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Charging Receiver for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Blue Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Gold Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Hot Pink Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Silver Dual Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Red for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder with 360 Degree Rotation & Tightening Knob for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Durable Car Air Vent Smartphone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Car Dashboard Mount Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Heavy Duty 360 Degree Swivel Belt Clip Holder Holster Attachment Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Heavy Duty All Weather Bicycle Smartphone Pouch Safe Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Heavy Duty Magnetic Car Phone Mount Holder Attachment for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Smartphone and Tablet Desktop Novelty Office Premium Stand Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Smartphone Durable Bike Bicycle Phone Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Sticky Pad Car Dashboard Windshield Cell Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Windshield Car Holder Smart Phone Mount with Large Suction Cup for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Phone Holder Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear Black Non-Slip Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Extra Strength Adhesive Multipurpose Mounting Disk Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Quick Charge Fast Rapid USB Wall Home Travel Charger QC 3.0 Phones Tablets for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Super Duty Premium Quick Rapid QC 3.0 Car Charger for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Acu Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Digital for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Camouflage for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Digital for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Khaki for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Python for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Space Gray for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Orange for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Gold Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Hot Pink Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. White Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Rose Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Silver 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Car CD Slot Phone Holder Mount Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap CD Slot Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet 2-Port 4000mAh Portable Charger Power Bank With Suction Cup - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Green for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - White for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Genuine Leather Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Pink Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. White Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Rose Gold Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Cellet White Stylus Pen with Laser, LED Light & Ballpoint Pen 4 in 1 for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 360 Degree Rotating Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 360 Degree Rotating Windshield Car Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Car Vent Mount Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Sticky Pad Dashboard Car Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Universal Dashboard Stand Sticky Pad Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Windshield Desktop Car Mount Clamp Phone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Gold for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Green for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Purple for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Red for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Silver for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Green for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Purple for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Yellow for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. White Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Apple Green Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Blue Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Hot Pink Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Bicycle Bike Mount Holder Universal Handle Bar Clip GPS Phone for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Red Black Car Air Vent Holder Mount Cradle Stand Universal for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Universal One Touch U Stand Kickstand Accessory Add-On Sticky for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. White Universal One Touch U Stand Kickstand Accessory Add-On Sticky for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Black Silicone Dash Car Mount Cell Phone Holder Stand Grip Sticky Pad for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Clear Crystal Hard Phone Transparent Stand Desktop Smartphone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Clear Crystal Hard Phone Transparent Stand Desktop Smartphone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. Clear Crystal Hard Phone Transparent Stand Desktop Smartphone Holder for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Baby Blue for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Light Pink for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Neon Green for Motorola Moto Z Play Droid. 1 - 2 - 3. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. Moto Z Play review: Long-lasting, affordable, and modular too. It may not be as fast as the other Moto Z phones, but the return of the headphone jack and super battery life make up for it. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Hands on: The Moto Z Play brings down the cost of modularity. Moto Z Force review: Motorola's beefier Z smartphone is better without its mods. Moto Z review: Motorola proves modular smartphones are the future of mobility. Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. Finding the sweet spot [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. ] Jason Cross. A respectable camera Jason Cross. A great buy, but not from Verizon. We like the Moto Z and it’s bigger, bulkier cousin the Moto Z Force. They’re speedy, elegant phones with a good approach to modular add-ons—as opposed to the LG G5 , whose “take the whole phone apart” approach to modules doesn’t sit well with us.. Those other two Moto Z phones are expensive, high-end, premium devices. The Moto Z Play takes the same general concepts, and compatibility with the same Moto Mods, and brings it down to an affordable price point: about $450. And really, unless you simply need to have a phone with screaming-fast benchmark scores, this more affordable model is. The Moto Z aims to be so thin that you can slap a Moto Mod on the back and still have a “regular phone” thickness, and the Moto Z Force adds a shaterproof display and bigger battery. The Moto Z Play doesn't push the envelope. It is concerned with finding the sweet spot between price and performance.. Structurally, it’s nearly identical to the Moto Z Force. It’s almost exactly the same size and thickness, with a metal band around the rim where the Force has a heavily beveled edge. I’d prefer a little more separation between the power and volume buttons on the right side, and the plastic bit surrounding the USB-C port looks a little cheap, but for a phone in this price range it looks and feels good.. I could use a little more space between the power and volume buttons, but the overall design of the Moto Z Play belies its price.. Motorola gets the price down by downgrading the system-on-chip (SoC) from a top-end Snapdragon 820 to a mid-range Snapdragon 625, with 3 gigs of RAM and 32GB of storage. The 5.5-inch display resolution is reduced from quad HD (2560x1440) to full HD (1920x1080). Frankly, at this size, full HD is just fine and probably the smarter choice. Higher resolutions are primarily only useful for VR. The display is otherwise bright and colorful with good viewing angles and excellent visibility in bright sunlight. By default it’s a little oversaturated with slightly blue white balance, but choosing “standard” color mode in the settings helped alleviate both problems.. and a headphone jack? The mid-range Moto Z one-ups its more expensive pals.. You’ll notice a headphone jack next to that USB-C port on the bottom. You know, that important core technology stupidly missing from the Moto Z and Z Force. The square fingerprint sensor beneath the display is quite fast and accurate, but is sadly not a home button. I would prefer that it was, with capacitive Recent and Back buttons to either side, instead of on-screen controls. Or at least give me the option to use physical buttons and reclaim that screen real estate.. With a Snapdragon 625, the Moto Z Play isn’t going to win any benchmark charts. Even among other mid-priced phones; the OnePlus 3 manages to slap a Snapdragon 820 into a $400 phone. But Motorola’s version of Android is smooth and highly optimized. It looks nearly identical to stock Android 6.0.1, with a few extras added on. It’s the same stuff Motorola has added to its phones for the last year or so: Moto Voice (extensions to the usual suite of Google voice commands which work with the phone asleep), Moto Actions (gestures to launch specific functions, like a double-chop to turn on the flashlight), and Moto Display (time and notifications on the lock screen, that display when you wave your hand over it or when a new notification comes in).. Particularly in 3D graphics, the Moto Z Play falls behind its competitors with top-end processors.. It’s a good software experience, and one I’d love to see more Android makers emulate. Rather than make Android look and feel entirely different (I'm looking at you, Samsung), Motorola stuck with the general design, layout, look, and feel of standard Android and simply extended it with smart, useful features. Perhaps more importantly, it’s all very fast and fluid. The mid-range Snapdragon 625 has no trouble keeping the interface quick and responsive. Unless you play a lot of high-end 3D games or do lots of photo or video editing on your phone, you’re unlikely to run into a scenario where the Moto Z Play. feels slower than most phones with high-end processors.. If only all those $700 phones had battery life this good.. The Moto Z Play has a 3510 mAh battery—about the same as that in the Moto Z Force. And with a less power-hungry SoC and a 1080p display, this phone places fewer demands on it than do those high-end phones.. Nearly 3 days on standby and the battery has only dropped 20%.. The result is truly epic battery life. With the display calibrated to 200 cd/m², this phone lasted 15 hours 47 minutes in the PCMark battery test. That’s nearly twice as long as the OnePlus 3 or Galaxy S7 edge! It’s not just in benchmarks, either.. I used the phone for two days, on and off, without charging it. I left it sitting idle for nearly 3 days and the battery only dropped from 100% to 80%. A big battery, efficient display and processor, and Motorola’s highly optimized software all combine to give you a phone with some of the best battery life I’ve ever seen.. It's not very exciting to say it, but the Moto Z Play has a pretty good camera. It doesn't hold a candle to Samsung's best or the newest iPhones, but it's not the slow, grainy disappointment Motorola buyers were stuck with in years past. You get a 16 megapixel sensor with fairly large 1.3 micron pixels, f/2.0 aperture lens, both phase detect and laser autofocus, and dual-tone LED flash. The front camera takes "good enough" selfies with its 5 megapixel sensor, wide-angle lens, and front-facing flash.. Low light shots can be a touch grainy, but you can get a great shot if your subject cooperates.. Low-light performance is above par for this price class, though there is some room for improvement. You get a decent pro mode that lets you adjust focus, white balance, shutter speed, and ISO, but you can't save RAW images. Serious video shooters may be disappointed to find that you're limited to 30 frames per second at all resolutions up to 4K, save for a single 720p/120fps slow motion mode.. Despite the occasional grainyness and limited dynamic range common to more affordable phones, you can get some really nice shots with the Moto Z Play, and it focuses very quickly with minimal shutter lag. The "pocket to photo" experience could be a touch faster, but doesn't disappoint.. Pro photo mode gives you plenty of controls, but lacks the ability to save RAW image files.. It's a testament to how far smartphone cameras have come to think that this would be industry-leading camera performance as little as two years ago.. At $450, the Moto Z Play is a great buy. Yes, you can get the OnePlus 3 with more storage and a bigger processor for the same price. But the Moto Z’s incredible battery life, excellent display, lean software with useful enhancements, and compatibility with Moto Mods make a great case for it. With a price more than $200 less than the Moto Z or Moto Z Force, not to mention vastly superior battery life and an actual headphone jack, this Mot Z Play is a better choice for most consumers.. But this phone will spend about a month or so as a Verizon exclusive, and. Verizon adds a whole slew of obnoxious bloatware apps including its own messenger app, NFL Mobile, it’s own map app, and more. You can disable most of these, but can’t delete them. What's more, Verizon has a terrible record of updating Motorola phones with the latest version of Android.. I recommend you wait until the direct, carrier-unlocked version goes on sale in October and grab one of those, even if you're on Verizon's network. If you're on AT&T or T-Mobile, you might consider the international variant, which doesn't support CDMA (Sprint and Verizon) but does work with more GSM frequencies and LTE bands. You can avoid the carrier bloat and stand a better chance of getting more timely OS and security updates by buying the unlocked versions.. It won't win any speed contests, but nice design, epic battery life, and an affordable price make this phone a winner.. Verizon exclusive version loaded with bloatware. Camera software interface could use some work. Jason has written professionally about technology for about 20 years. He aims to figure out how complicated technology works and explain it in a way anyone can understand.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Motorola Moto Z Play. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for Motorola Moto Z Play. Save Motorola Moto Z Play to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Motorola Moto Z Play to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. **New Sealed** Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 5.5" Unlocked Smart Phone/ Lunar Grey. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 64GB Dual Sim Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE GSM Unlocked. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 32GB - Black (Verizon GSM Unlocked) Smartphone C. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. For Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635 HARD Protector Back Case Phone Cover + PEN. For Motorola Moto Z2 Play | Moto Z2 Force XT1710 Clip Case Stand Vintage Designs. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-02 Verizon Check IMEI C. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-02 Verizon Check IMEI C. UNLOCKED Refurbished Motorola Moto Z Play 5.5'' 4G LTE w/ 32GB SmartPhone - Gray. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635 XT16351 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smartphone. NEW SEALED Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 32GB Lunar Gray Unlocked Smartphone !!. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Droid Play (Latest )XT1635 32GB Grey (Verizon) 9/10. 1 new & refurbished from C $599.00. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB 16MP. Motorola Moto Z Play 2nd Generation unlocked - 32GB - Lunar Grey (Verizon). Cimo Slim Protective Cover for Motorola Moto Z Play - Hybrid Blue. For Motorola Moto Z2 Play 2nd Gen 2017 HARD Back Case Phone Cover + PEN. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 16MP. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid - Black (Verizon) Smartphone XT1635-01. 1 new & refurbished from $180.95. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 4GB RAM. MOTOROLA MOTO Z PLAY XT1635 32GB BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE BRAND NEW. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 White (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 16MP. MOTOROLA MOTO Z PLAY XT1635 32GB WHITE FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE BRAND NEW. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB Gray. 100% QC For Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-01 Full LCD Touch Screen Assembly White. For Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 | Droid XT1635-01 LCD Touch Screen Digitizer. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 16MP. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB Gray. New Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-09 64GB 4GB Ram 12MP Dual Sim+Gift. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-06 (64GB) Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked US & Global. 5.5" Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 3GB+64GB Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz 4G. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Lunar Gray 32GB XT1710-01 UNLOCKED *NEW Open Box*. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 White (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 64GB 16MP. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid XT1635-01 32GB White GSM VERIZON UNLOCKED T-MOBILE. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-09 TW 4GB 64GB Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.5" Gold. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 White (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB 16MP. Motorola Moto Z Play Unlocked XT1635-02 32GB Black NEW. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Play 32GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone XT1635-02 *LCD Image Burn*. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Motorola MOTO Z2 Play [Full Cover] [Black] Screen... Moto Z2 Play Case BENTOBEN Glitter Luxury Shockproof 2 in 1 Ultra Slim Hard L... Motorola Moto Z2 Play Android 6.0 Snapdragon 626 Octa Core WIFI Touch ID 4GB64GB. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 - 32GB Black & Silver GSM Unlocked Smartphone MINT. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK F571. Motorola MOTO Z PLAY 32GB 5.5" 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone - White ✔✔. Motorola Moto Z Play Android 6.0 Snapdragon 625 Octa Core WIFI Touch ID 3GB 64GB. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Dual SIM 32GB Black 16MP 5.5" Android Phone ByFedEx. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone GOLD G505. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710 Dual SIM 64GB/4GB Gold 12MP 5.5" Phone By FedEx. Unlocked -Motorola Moto Z2 Play 2nd Gen. - 32GB - Black (Verizon)Great Cond LTE. Motorola Moto Z2 Play XT1710-09 Dual SIM 4G LTE 64GB Fine Gold Wty. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 32GB Verizon Unlocked Smart Cellphone BLACK G424. Moto Z Play (1st gen.) by motorola 32gb GSM factory unlocked smartphone. 9 new & refurbished from $240.00. Unlocked -Motorola Moto Z Play 2nd Gen. - 32GB - Black (Verizon)Great Condition!. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635 Dual SIM 32GB White 16MP 5.5" Android Phone ByFedEx. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 Verizon Unlocked Android Smartphone WHITE *GREAT*. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 - 32GB - Black and Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $159.99. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Android 6.0 Snapdragon 626 Octa Core GPS Touch ID 4GB 64GB. Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01 Verizon Unlocked Android Smartphone BLACK *GOOD*. OPEN BOX - Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-02 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 32GB White. Motorola MOTO Z PLAY 32GB XT1635-02 4G GSM Unlocked 5.5" Phone Black. Moto Z Play / Moto Z Play Droid Case With Phone Stand,Ymhxcy [Metal Brushed... LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer FOR Motorola Moto Z Play XT1635-01/02 Black. Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 2.0GHz/ 3GB Ram/ 32GB. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Smartphone. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 9 - 9.5/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. 5 - 7/10 Cosmetic **BURNT IMAGE**. Customs services and international tracking provided. For Moto Z Play XT1635 XT1635-01 XT1635-02. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Looks like your cart is empty. Get quick access to guides, parts, and answers for your devices. The Motorola Moto Z Play (model number XT1635) is a droid smartphone that was released in September 2016. The Moto Z Play can be easily distinguished by the word “moto” placed at the top and the square home button placed at the bottom of the front of the phone.. No touch response after screen replacement. Headphone jack is clean but doesn't work. These are some common tools used to work on this device. You might not need every tool for every procedure.. Please refer to the troubleshooting guide to diagnose problems with your Motorola Moto Z Play.. Unveiled in August 2016, the Motorola Moto Z Play is slated as the successor to the Motorola Moto X. The Z Play is easily distinguishable from the Moto X by its update to a USB-C magnetic connector and its long battery life that can last as long as four days under “mild use.” Additionally, the back of the device has “pogo pins” that “Moto Mods” can be attached to that can further expand functionality.. The Moto Z Play can be identified by the word “moto” at the top and a square home button at the bottom of the front of the phone. It has a 5.5” touchscreen display and a front and rear camera. The rear camera has the word “droid” written directly below it. To the right of the charging port on the bottom of the device is a headphone jack. There is a power button on the right side of the device, above which are the volume up and volume down buttons.. The Moto Z Play was succeeded by the Moto Z2 Play in July 2017.. Motorola Moto Z Play Support Page. Video Teardown of the Motorola Moto Z Play. Past 24 Hours: 18. Past 7 Days: 147. Past 30 Days: 735. 2018 iFixit – Licensed under Creative Commons – Privacy Policy. It's time to speak out for your right to repair. We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic. equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment. chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair shops that. keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers.. Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible. Stand up for your right to repair!. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Motorola Manuals Cell Phone Moto Z Play User manual Motorola Moto Z Play User Manual. Related Manuals for Motorola Moto Z Play. Cell Phone Motorola Moto G4 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto g4 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Zine ZN5 User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola moto z droid User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Z2 Force Read Me. Cell Phone Motorola MOTO 68004061015 Getting Started Manual. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Q Moto Q Cellular Telephone and PDA Getting Started. Cell Phone Motorola Moto Q Q Owner's Manual. Motorola moto zine zn5 mobile phone user's guide (86 pages). Motorola cell phone getting started guide (71 pages). Motorola cell phone user guide (16 pages). Motorola mobile phone owner's manual (109 pages). Cell Phone Motorola MOTO QTM User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR MOTORAZRTM User Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V8 Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V8 Service Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 68002425001 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9m Getting Started Manual. Cell Phone Motorola MOTORAZR2 V9 Service Manual. Motorola cell phone user manual (86 pages). Motorola cell phone user guide (64 pages). Motorola mobile cell phone brochure (10 pages). Motorola mobile phone quick start guide (44 pages). Motorola cell phone user guide (11 pages). Wcdma 850/1900, wcdma 2100 gsm 850/900/1800/1900 mhz edge, gprs (88 pages). Summary of Contents for Motorola Moto Z Play. Page 2: At A Glance, Phone Overview. Page 19: Voice Recognition, Accessibility Shortcut. Page 24: Your Phone Number, Emergency Calls. Page 30: Wireless Emergency Alerts, Chat Using Hangouts. Page 35: Google Apps, Google Play, Google Now. Page 40: Take Photos, Record Videos. Page 50: Airplane Mode, Mobile Network. Page 52: Sim Card Lock, Encrypt Your Phone. Moto G At a glance Start Home screen & apps Moto app Control & customize Accessibility Calls Contacts Messages Email Type Google Apps ™ Browse Photos & videos Music Locate & navigate Organize Connect & transfer Protect Want more? Troubleshoot Safety Hot topics Search topics.... Buttons designed to assure the safety of all persons, regardless of age and health. To view the SAR values for your phone, visit Power Button https://motorola.com/sar. To view additional SAR information Press: on your phone, tap Apps > > >.... At a glance At a glance Hot topics Phone overview Check out what your phone can do. Hot topics Find these fast: Wi-Fi, airplane “Quick settings” mode, and flashlight. “Controls & gestures” Choose new wallpaper, sounds, “Redecorate your and more.. Start let’s get up & running Start Put in the cards & power on Charge your phone fully and turn the power on. Then select Put in the cards & power on your language and follow the screen prompts to get started. Put in the nano SIM and optional microSD cards.. Start Start Dual SIM phone settings Battery life Put in the cards & power on With a dual SIM phone, you can use one or two SIM cards. If Your phone is like a small computer that processes tons of Battery life there's only one SIM in the phone, it's ready to use.. Start Start • Widgets that stream information to your home screen, like Moto Mods™ Put in the cards & power on news or weather. Transform your phone into a movie projector, a boombox, a Battery life • Unused online accounts that you registered: Swipe the battery powerhouse, and more.. Start Start Sign in Tips & tricks Put in the cards & power on • Wi-Fi network: For faster internet access or to conserve Just follow the screen prompts to get started. Battery life mobile data use, swipe the status bar down with two Moto Mods™.... Home screen & apps you have quick access Home screen & apps Quick start: Home screen & apps Tips & tricks Quick start: Home screen & apps • Widgets: To put widgets like a clock, interactive calendar, The home screen is what you see when you first turn on your Help app and more on your home screen, touch and hold an empty Search.... Explore Tip: Getting too many notifications? Touch and hold a Learn about Motorola features notification to see which app is sending them to you. Then Personalize your device you can turn them off.. Home screen & apps Home screen & apps Icons at the top right of your screen tell you about phone Tap one of these options: Quick start: Home screen & apps status: • Total silence: Turn off all sounds and alarms. Override Help app sound settings from other apps.. Home screen & apps Home screen & apps • Use a computer: To find and manage apps from any Choose carefully Quick start: Home screen & apps computer, go to http://play.google.com using your Google Here are a few tips: Help app account and password.. Safe Mode: Turn off your phone, then turn it Note: When updating your phone, make sure you have back on—when you see the “Motorola” logo during enough battery power to complete the update. power-up, press and hold both volume buttons until you •.... Moto app see what it can do Moto app Discover your Moto app features Tips & tricks Discover your Moto app features The Moto app can simplify life and help you out. Just follow • Want to hide sensitive or private notifications? Tap Apps >.... Control & customize how it acts & looks Control & customize Quick start: Control & customize Tips & tricks Quick start: Control & customize • Speak: Tap in a search window, or on a keyboard. Take control of your phone: Controls &.... Control & customize Control & customize • Turn over: Place your phone face down to set it to Do Not • Wake up: Press the Power button again. Quick start: Control & customize Disturb mode. • Reboot: To reboot your phone, press and hold the Power Controls &.... Control & customize Control & customize Tip: If a contact has more than one number, you can say • Screen lock: To unlock the screen, tap and drag up. To Quick start: Control & customize which number to call. For example, “Call Joe Black Mobile” use a password, pattern, or PIN security to unlock your Controls &.... Control & customize Control & customize • Ringtone for a contact: To set a personal ringtone for a • Create shortcut folders: Drag one shortcut onto another. Quick start: Control & customize contact, tap Apps > Contacts , and tap the contact. Add more shortcuts by dragging them onto the first Controls &.... Control & customize Control & customize Note: Your quick settings may look a little different. Add & switch users Quick start: Control & customize Note: Only the phone’s owner can add a user. 100% Controls & gestures 12:36 On, off, lock & unlock See all of your settings.. Accessibility shortcut Note: For general information, accessories, and more, visit Caller ID Braille Volume & vibrate www.motorola.com/accessibility. Combine your Braille display with TalkBack for braille and Zoom Tip: Google Play has many apps that provide useful speech feedback. Accessibility Accessibility • Ringtones: Assign a unique ringtone to a contact. Tap Tip: Or tap Apps > > > Settings Display Font size Quick Start: Accessibility Apps > Contacts , and tap the contact. Tap , then > Huge Voice recognition tap Menu >.... : Hearing-Carry-Over—type text on your TTY TTY HCO Note: Ratings are not a guarantee of compatibility (visit device and listen to voice replies on your phone’s speaker. You may also want to consult • TTY VCO : Voice-Carry-Over—speak into your phone and your hearing health professional, who should be able to help read text replies on your TTY device.. Calls when you need to talk Calls Quick start: Calls Tips & tricks Quick start: Calls • During a call: Your touchscreen goes dark to avoid Dial contacts, speed dial numbers, recent calls, or numbers, Make calls accidental touches. To wake it up, move it away from your Answer &.... Calls Calls Answer & end calls Recent calls Quick start: Calls • Answer a call: When your phone is unlocked, View your calls (with newest first), and then call, text, or Make calls ANSWER store them: Answer & end calls Recent calls Note: When your phone is locked, swipe right to answer a Find it:.... Calls Calls Your phone number Quick start: Calls Find it: Apps > > > Settings About phone Status Make calls > SIM status > My phone number Answer & end calls Recent calls Note: May not be available in all countries. 3-way calls Your phone number Emergency calls.... You can also see these Contacts Sort contacts, change contacts at www.gmail.com. FAVORITES ALL CONTACTS For help with transferring contacts, go to www.motorola.com/TransferContacts. Create contacts Alison Find it: Apps > > Contacts Tap to view contact.... Contacts Contacts Call, text, or email contacts show it. Tap to uncheck accounts you always Customize Quick start: Contacts want to hide. Find it: Apps > Contacts Create contacts Call, text, or email contacts Tap a contact to see more options. Depending on the Get contacts Favorites information you have for that person, you can call, text, or.... Contacts Contacts Share contacts Quick start: Contacts Share a contact with a Bluetooth™ connection, in a message, Create contacts or using Google Drive™: Call, text, or email contacts Favorites Find it: Apps > Contacts Edit, delete, or hide contacts To share a contact, tap it, then tap Menu > Get contacts Share Share contacts.... Messages say it & go Messages Quick Start: Messages Tips & tricks Quick Start: Messages • Forward a message: In a conversation, touch and hold a Stay in touch with messages and pictures. Read, forward & more message for more options, such as forwarding it. Set your default messaging app Find it: Apps >.... Messages Messages a whole thread of messages, touch and hold the thread, Email Quick Start: Messages then tap to delete. Read, forward & more • Settings: Tap Menu > Settings to change your Set your default messaging app Find it: Apps >.... Messages Messages • Add email accounts: The Gmail app manages all of your Wireless Emergency Alerts Quick Start: Messages email accounts. To add personal email accounts, follow (U.S. & some countries only) Read, forward & more the prompts when you first open the app, or tap Gmail Wireless Emergency Alerts, also known.... Type keyboard when you need it Type Quick Start: Type Tips & tricks Quick Start: Type • Move the cursor: Tap a spot in the text to place the cursor, When you tap a text box, like in a message or search, you Text entry settings &.... Type Type Text entry settings & dictionary Quick Start: Type Choose your keyboard style and edit the dictionary of words Text entry settings & dictionary your phone suggests: Cut, copy & paste Find it: Apps > > Settings Language & input •.... Organize get it done anytime Organize Clock Calendar Clock Find it: Apps > See all your events, all in one place. Clock Calendar Corporate sync Find it: Apps > Calendar Options Office network Google Drive™. Tap an alarm to edit it, or Alarm 12:36 Print.... Organize Organize • Show, edit, or delete events: Tap an event to open it, then Google Drive™ Clock tap edit. Tap DELETE to remove the event. Keep all your photos, videos, documents, and more safely in Calendar • Show, hide, or add calendars: Tap to show or hide one place—private unless you choose to share.. Google Apps™ your world, your life, your friends Google Apps™ Google Play™ 12:36 Google Play™ Google Play is a digital content experience from Google Set reminders, customize Google Now™ or change settings. where you can find and enjoy your favorite movies, books, Now on Tap™.... Play Movies & TV movies & shows, wherever you go Play Movies & TV Play Movies & TV Play Movies & TV Find or rent the newest movies and shows—plus all your YouTube™ favorites before they hit DVD. You can watch them even when you’re offline.. Browse explore & find Browse Quick Start: Chrome™ Tips & tricks Quick Start: Chrome™ • Webpage shortcut: To add a shortcut to a webpage on Find it: Apps > Chrome Web connection your home screen, when viewing the webpage, tap Downloads •.... Browse Browse Web connection Safe surfing & searching Quick Start: Chrome™ To access the web, your phone uses your Wi-Fi network (or Keep track of what your browser and searches show: Web connection your mobile phone network if no Wi-Fi network is Downloads •.... Photos & videos see it, capture it, share it! Photos & videos Quick Start: Photos & videos Tips & tricks Quick Start: Photos & videos • Quick Capture: Tap Apps > Camera , swipe the With two twists of the wrist and a tap on the screen, take Take photos screen right and tap to turn it on or off.. Photos & videos Photos & videos Take photos To find these options, tap in the camera screen: Quick Start: Photos & videos Find it: Apps > Camera Take photos Options Record videos to take a photo. Professional Control all camera settings manually. Get the perfect shot Read QR codes &.... Photos & videos Photos & videos • Edit: Open a picture, then tap Options Quick Start: Photos & videos • Slideshow: Tap a picture, then tap Menu >. To Slideshow Set the video resolution. Take photos Video size (rear) stop the slideshow, tap the screen.. Play Music when life needs a soundtrack Play Music Quick Start: Music Tips & tricks Quick Start: Music • Volume: Press the volume buttons. Music everywhere—stream it, buy it, save it, play it. • Hide the music player: To use another app while your music plays, tap Home .. Locate & navigate where you are, where you’re going Locate & navigate Quick start: Locate & navigate Tips & tricks Quick start: Locate & navigate • Find an address: In the search field, enter an address or Find a nearby cafe, get directions or step-by-step GPS voice something you’re looking for, like “gas station.”.... Connect & transfer wired up or wireless • Wi-Fi hotspot: To make your phone a hotspot, check out Connect & transfer Quick Start: Connect & transfer Quick Start: Connect & transfer “Wi-Fi hotspot”. Connect accessories, computers, networks, and more. Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Connect devices To change the name your phone shows to other devices, tap Quick Start: Connect & transfer Apps > Settings > Bluetooth , turn Bluetooth power on, The first time you connect a Bluetooth device, follow these Bluetooth wireless then tap Menu >.... Connect & transfer Connect & transfer 3 Tap a found network to connect it (if necessary, 1 Your phone turns off Wi-Fi and uses the mobile network for Quick Start: Connect & transfer enter Network SSID Security , and Wireless password , and internet access.. Windows Media Player to transfer a lot of data might also use a lot of battery power. For more instructions or driver files, visit www.motorola.com/support. 12:36 • For Apple™ Macintosh™: Use Android File Transfer,.... Connect & transfer Connect & transfer Some apps transfer data in the background when you're not When the devices connect, you’ll see Touch to Beam on Quick Start: Connect & transfer viewing them—to stop an app from doing this, tap it and your phone.. Connect & transfer Connect & transfer • Encryption: Your phone uses the latest security, Memory card Quick Start: Connect & transfer encryption, and authentication features to protect your You can choose to use your SD card as portable or internal Bluetooth wireless personal information for mobile payments and content storage:.... Connect & transfer Connect & transfer To unmount your memory card (so you can take it out of Airplane mode Quick Start: Connect & transfer your phone), tap Apps > Settings > Storage & USB > Use airplane mode to turn off all your wireless Bluetooth wireless , then touch the arrow next to the SD card name.. Protect keep your phone safe Protect Quick start: Protect your phone Find it: Apps > > > , then Settings Security Screen lock Quick start: Protect your phone select the lock type: Make sure your information is protected in case your phone Screen lock •.... Protect Protect Screen pinning Encryption protects the accounts, settings, apps, and files on Quick start: Protect your phone your phone, so that people cannot access them if your Need to keep an important screen handy, such as a boarding Screen lock phone is stolen.. Protect Protect Reset Quick start: Protect your phone To reset your phone to factory settings and erase all the data Screen lock on your phone, tap Apps > Settings > Backup & reset Screen pinning > > SIM card lock Factory data reset RESET PHONE Encrypt your phone.... Twitter www.twitter.com/moto If you have questions or need assistance, we’re here to help. Google+™ www.google.com/+Motorola/posts Go to www.motorola.com/support, where you can select from a number of customer care options. You can also contact the Motorola Customer Support Center at: 1-800-734-5870 (United States), 1-888-390-6456 (TTY/TDD United States for hearing impaired), or 1-800-461-4575 (Canada).. All features, functionality, and other product specifications, as well as the information contained in this guide, are based upon the latest available information and believed to be accurate at the time of printing. Motorola reserves the right to change or modify any information or specifications without notice or obligation.. Roderick Bysouth Jun 10, 2017 01:46:. what dose Motorola moto Z support, what speed and capacity in terms of memory?. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid - Phone Wallets, Wristlets & Clutches. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Blue. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Brown. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Fitness Armband, Black. Protects your from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 5.38(H) x 2.75(W) x 0.31(D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Black. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Oversized Premium Vertical Finished Leather Case, Black. Oversized Hand-Crafted Vertical Leather Carrying Case. Designed for the Device equipped with a heavy-duty or snap-on protective cover. Size: 5.19(H) x 2.99(W) x 0.86(D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Navy. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Genuine Leather Stitched Pieces Crossbody, Black. Removable & Adjustable crossbody strap for comfort and convenience. Dimensions: 4.1 (H) x 7.6 (W) x 0.8 (D) in. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Blue. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -LUXMO Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Smart Phone Case with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 3.15 (H) x 6.1 (W) x 0.52 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Rose Red. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Purple. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Vegan Leather Laser-Cut Leaf Clutch wallet, Brown. Closure features metal golden leaf detail. Multiple interior card slots and compartments. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Gray. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Light Blue. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Light Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Brown. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Red. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Armband Case, Purple. Protects your {brand-model} from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 4.6 (H) x 2.4 (W) x 0.5 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Holiday Special Striped Horizontal LeatherCase with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 2.3 (H) x 4.7 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Black. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Genuine Leather Shoulder / Crossbody Handbag, Brown. Small but spacious purse for going out. Firm magnetic snap flap closure keeps contents safe. Three interior pockets hold your phone and other accessories. Zippered pocket accommodates change and other small items. Crossbody strap can adjust to your convenience for various ways to wear. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Brown. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Brown. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Purple. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Forest Green. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet, Purple. Motorola Moto Z Play Droid -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Hot Pink. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. ZTE dials up mid-range Blade V9 and Blade V9 Vita. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. Reviews Smartphone Reviews Motorola Moto Z Play Droid review: An exceptional phone value that gets even better with MotoMods. The Z Play Droid makes for an excellent choice for most smartphone users on Verizon. REVIEW OVERVIEW Build Quality Design Choices Display Camera Sound Battery OS & Apps SUMMARY. As the least expensive model in its Z line of smartphones, the Moto Z Play Droid is a fantastic solution for mid-range needs. Designed with MotoMod support, it can quickly become much more capable than it already is.. The Moto Z Play Droid is exclusive to Verizon, but it’s also available in an unlocked capacity, too. Aside from the software experience, and Droid branding on the rear camera, the two are virtually indistinguishable from one another.. Taking the phone out of the box you realize that this generation of Motorola is unlike anything else in the company’s history. Like the Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid this phone is svelte and sexy. On the surface it exudes premium craftsmanship and begs to be looked at from all angles.. It didn’t take us long to realize that there’s no Verizon branding on the phone. While it’s certainly prominent on the box and in the apps, it’s not on the surface of the handset. If you know Verizon’s history, then you know this is something remarkable.. There is a “Droid” branding under the camera, but that’s really it. Otherwise, it’s a simple stylized “M” on the rear and a Moto on the front above the display. We’re not sure if this was Motorola’s doing or if Verizon loosened its grip a bit, but we’ll take it.. The Moto Z Play Droid is a heavy device; it’s more dense than we expected it to be and is quite noticeable coming from other handsets. It might not be so much in the two-hand stuff, but more of the pocket and one-hand experience. At times, this one feels solid. On the other hand, we found this to be a plus. There’s premium design at play here, and the Moto Z Play Droid looks to be among the more expensive end of phones.. Looking it over, there’s so much here that intimidates us. It has been a very long time since Motorola delivered a phone that we were afraid to leave the house with over fear of ruining it. One drop and we’re afraid it would be scuffed, scraped, or worse, shattered. We want to show it off so badly but, at the same time, we want to protect with some sort of case. As much as we like to insure ourselves with cases, we enjoy looking at the details on the rear.. The Z Play is built from metal and glass, including its 2.5D curved glass display. Even the rear is wrapped in glass, something that varies from its siblings in the Z Droid and Z Force Droid. Everything fits tightly together, signaling attention to detail and time.. The Moto Z Play Droid offers up a 1080p HD display, which is considerably different from what you’ll get in other high-end models. At 5.5-inches it still looks great on both images and text.. Colors are quite accurate, particularly indoors and in medium light settings. Get outside, though, and you may find yourself cranking up the brightness. This doesn’t so much affect accuracy, but it could come into play with your battery life.. Moving the phone around in various angles and distances we found the Z Play Droid to be a generally good experience. The glass does give some reflection of light sources, but it’s nothing that will cause you to squint.. All things considered, we’re just fine with what Motorola delivers here, especially as it helps drive the cost down. Sure, a higher display image is always nice, but so is money in the pocket. And, if you’re not pushing for the latest in heavy gaming, you shouldn’t care about not getting a Quad HD/2K display.. The copper-colored contacts look entirely out of place yet oh-so-perfect with the Z Play Droid’s aesthetics and the rear camera feels like a droid eye watching over things.. Our review unit has black/gray colors but there’s a white gold offering available, too. and gold metal accents, but a black/gray version is also available.. Holding and using the Moto Z Play Droid with one hand is comfortable, even with our smaller hands. At 5.5-inches, the display does have a little thicker bezel than some of its competitors, but we’ve seen worse. We found that while the bezel wasn’t that much of an issue over time, we would have really liked to see the curved glass taper into a near seamless edge. With that said, there is quite a bit of space on top and bottom of the screen.. As for the layout of the phone, the volume button and power buttons are on the right side with a clean edge trimming the left side. Up top is where you locate the microSD and SIM card; the bottom offers up the USB Type-C charger and 3.5mm headphone jack. We’re at that point now where discussing a headphone jack’s presence is noting. Indeed, the Moto Z Play Droid has one whereas its brethren do not.. There are a couple of protruding spots on the phone, namely the camera, earpiece, and fingerprint reader. Each sticks out to varying degrees and can be easily identified in low lighting. Speaking of the fingerprint reader, we would have liked to see it pull double duty as the home button.. Travel and feedback was excellent across the board; there’s no mistaking whether you pressed the volume buttons or power. The latter, for its part, has a ribbed or ridged texture which helps it to stick out from the other.. In addition to the phone itself, the box also comes with a wall charger (USB Type-C), a MotoMod protective shell for the rear, and a tool to remove the microSD and Nano-SIM cards. There’s also a small booklet but there are no headphones. Speaking of which, a quick glance at the bottom shows us that Motorola did leave the 3.5mm port in this model.. The protective rear shell snaps into place via magnets and fits snugly against the phone. In fact, you’d be forgiven if you thought that it was part of the handset itself. The wood grain design has the same realistic appearance that is found in other, previous Motorola phones built in the Moto Maker tool.. On paper, the Z Play Droid falls in the middle of the Z Droid and Z Force Droid. Specifically, this one comes with a 16-megapixel camera with an aperture of f/2.0, and features such as laser-assisted autofocus and phase-detection autofocus. There’s also a dual-LED flash on the back to brighten up your shots.. The Z Play Droid employs the same camera app that other Z models do; it’s the same that’s found in the Moto G 4 series, too. In other words, it’s simple to use and features a decent set of tools which are easily accessible.. Although there’s no hard button to access the camera, users can twist their wrist to activate the app. Moreover, it can also be opened from the lock screen, too.. Once in the app, users find three controls on the left hand side of the screen: Flash, HDR, and a timer. On the right we locate the shutter, modes, and toggle for front-facing camera. Both HDR and flash can be set to HDR, something we appreciated for both well-lit outdoor shots as well as those in darker environments.. Getting into the modes, the Z Play includes options for automatic, manual, panoramic, slow-motion, and video. Manual, as one might expect, lets users tailor the settings for focus, ISO, shutter speed, brightness, and white balance.. If you just like to open the app and snap a picture, you’ll enjoy the default settings. Slide your finger up and down the display to zoom in and out, tap to focus, and snap.. By and large, the pictures we took with the Z Play Droid were in focus and color accurate. Exposure was generally good, though it does pick up grain in lower light conditions. The flash is really good for capturing inanimate subjects in dark settings but it tends to wash out the color on people. Focus was quick and burst shot pictures came out nicely.. The front-facing camera is 5-megapixels and features a software enhancement called self beautification. It’s a nice touch for those of you who love to take selfies as it removes wrinkles and spots. As far quality goes, the pictures were more than adequate for social media. The 85-degree wide-angle lens lets you loop in a few extra people for group shots.. Powering on the phone and checking the app tray we find that there’s no mistaking this for anything but a Verizon model. There’s Verizon branding everywhere; it’s almost as if it was designed to offset the lack of physical branding on the device.. There are nearly one half dozen apps with Verizon branding pre-loaded including VZ Navigator, VZ Protect, My Verizon, Message+, and Cloud. You’ll also find a couple of others here, too: Android Pay, Caller Name ID, Amazon Kindle, IMDb, NFL Mobile, and Slacker Radio.. If you are a current or previous Verizon user, this will not feel all that different. But, if you’re coming from an unlocked phone or stock Android experience, this is going to feel saturated in red.. After spending time away from Motorola phones, it was refreshing to be return to the software experience. Specifically, we were happy to find a largely untouched version of Android (6.0.1 Marshmallow) with only minor additions. And when we say additions, it’s subtle stuff that really enhances things.. Who doesn’t love picking their phone up and seeing the screen wake up? Moreover, we appreciate being able to twist our wrist to launch the camera, double chop to kick on the flashlight, or simply wave their hand over the display to wake it? To us, it’s just the right amount of OEM customization.. Aside from the heavy Verizon influence, we love the software that comes out of the box. And, even though we have our preferences to install, we can certainly make do with the default suite.. Do note, though, that of the 32GB of space that comes with the phone, you end up with a little over 18GB to use. If you plan to snap a bunch of pictures or load music, get yourself a microSD card. This goes double if you’re using the Hasselblad camera MotoMod or plan to capture 4K video.. The Moto Z Play Droid isn’t going to best any benchmarks but that matters little to us. We’re not pushing our phones to their limits and wager to guess that most of you aren’t either. With that said, the Snapdragon 625 processor (2GHz octa-core) and 3GB RAM do the trick for us.. We added a suite of applications and games to the phone over the last few weeks, all of which performed to our expectations. On paper the 625 CPU doesn’t sound as capable as an 810 or 820, but that’s hard to see in real-world scenarios. We know that there are, but the average user is not going to notice it.. We have no problem suggesting the Z Play Droid for middle-range and even moderately heavy users. If you don’t hold on to your phone for more much more than a year or so, or don’t care for bleeding-edge games, this is more than enough.. The fingerprint reader was easy to set up and has responded quickly in every situation we’ve employed it. Whether waking a phone up or authenticating a purchase, we found it to be accurate and fast.. What’s the best $400 phone you can buy?. We’d love to see Motorola put some sort of reader on the rear where the logo is, but that’s a quibble. To us, if you’re not pulling double duty with the reader acting as a home button, we say move it around back. Taken as a whole, this is one of the faster sensors we’ve spent time with. Not only that, there were fewer second and third touches than when compared to other devices.. As for speakers, there’s only one on the Moto Z Play Droid; it’s the same one for taking calls. Listening to music is decent as there’s plenty of sound. It could be more rich, but we don’t ever find ourselves breaking out a phone to take in a playlist.. Watching videos on YouTube or Netflix was pleasurable, but not overly robust. Again, we’re not the type to spend extended periods on our phone watching movies and expecting a theater experience. Throw in some headphones or pair to a speaker and now we’re talking.. Speakerphone was loud and clear, but music and video can get somewhat annoying in a single speaker setup. It could be worse, though; the loudspeaker could come from the side/bottom edge.. The phone comes with an internal, non-removable 3,510mAh battery. This is a really generous amount, especially when you see that it’s more than what the other Z models pack.. We’ve found that the battery lasts us well beyond two full days of use. Without fail, we’d unplug at 100% on Monday morning and get into bed on Tuesday night with juice left over. There’s such a wonderful feeling in knowing that you don’t have to get to a power supply before the day is out. But, even when you do, the Z Play Droid gets you up and running in no time.. Charging is super fast, for what it’s worth, thanks to the TurboPower cable. According to Motorola, spending 15 minutes on the charger will result in 10 hours of power. Seriously, plug your phone in at lunch and you’ve got another day’s worth of battery.. The whole notion of the MotoMods is an interesting one, but it’s also a gamble for prospective buyers. Just about every person we showed the phone and camera module to were immediately impressed but were quick to temper enthusiasm. “Yeah, what happens when Motorola stops using mods?” “Who is to say that Motorola doesn’t change their mind down the road?”. If you buy a Moto Z or Moto Z Droid series of phone, you’re buying into the added flexibility that comes with the modules. In theory, you’re also buying against the future when other, perhaps better MotoMods are made available.. On one hand, you’re buying the promise that your phone will be more flexible in the long run. On the other, investing in the MotoMods means you’ll be sticking with Motorola down the road. There’s nothing to suggest, at this point, that Motorola might scrap the design. But, if accessory makers aren’t seeing much traction or interest, they can very well pull out on a moment’s notice.. To us, it would be quite a PR mess for customers to purchase a number of MotoMods with the hopes they’ll work on the next generation (or two) of phones. At this stage we have to bank on the idea that Motorola and Lenovo are serious about the MotoMods .. As for the day-to-day usage of these, well, it’s pretty damn awesome. The magnets and hot-swappable design means you can snap on a killer speaker, extended battery, or better camera without rebooting. They stay in place quite well and don’t feel as if they are going to fall off on accident or with slight bumping. You have to put at least a moderate amount of effort to pull them apart from the phone.. As part of our review kit, we also received one of the Hasselblad camera MotoMods to try out. Indeed, you can snap this guy on to the back of the phone as easily as the case and give your Motorola phone a 12-megapixel camera with a 10X optical zoom. Capable of taking RAW images, the camera also boasts a Xenon flash.. The range of the flash is fantastic and beats anything you’ll get from a smartphone.. As you might expect, the camera can connect with both the Motorola Z Droid and Motorola Z Force Droid, too. Moreover, the other MotoMods launched in the last few weeks can be attached to the Moto Z Play Droid.. Once in place, the Hasselblad camera makes your phone about as thick as a point and shoot camera. weighs just as much, likely more. It’s a dense and bulky experience. Don’t look for it to slide into a pants pocket; its weird shape doesn’t make for a fun time to carry around.. The Hasselblad MotoMod completely covers the rear of the Moto Z Play Droid and other phones. Indeed, it even sits atop of the camera as it relies on its own hardware for picture taking and video recording. Additionally, it relies on the battery of your phone for power, too.. a curved grip on the right side which. Further, the power, shutter, zoom dial, and other controls give it the look and touch of a well-designed point and shoot style camera. Pressing the power button wakes the Z Play Droid and launches the camera app. Alternately, you can still wake the camera up directly from the writ-twisting gesture. If you have to go through Verizon for your phone needs, the Moto Z Play Droid is fantastic “every man” phone.. It would be nice if there were a way to put on a tripod mount somewhere in the module. Once connected to a phone, it begs to be put on a tripod. Start zooming in on a subject and you’ll see that, even at 10X, you’ll be shaky and unstable. This leads to pictures that aren’t focused or framed properly.. All of the pictures and videos captured by the phone and/or the True Zoom are stored on the handset. There is no external storage that comes with the Hasselblad MotoMod. Keep this in mind because once you get into RAW files or HD. video, you’ll be chewing through space.. Moto Z Play Droid loads a slightly different. version of the Motorola camera app. Based largely on the default Moto camera experience, there are more shooting modes to choose from: sports, night portrait, backlight portrait, night landscape, landscape, and auto.. Hasselblad MotoMod doesn’t capture 4K video. The phone itself does, but the module doesn’t. It does, however, film 1080p HD video. Additionally, users don’t get a full manual setting for pictures. This means you’re not able to toggle ISO, exposure, shutter speed, or white balance when using the True Zoom. To say this was disheartening would be an understatement; we wanted full control over the enhance camera experience.. How are the photos? Generally speaking, they were. Color and exposure are good, there’s not much grain, and we noticed very little light flare. Given this was centered around a brand name, and pricey $250+ camera experience we had high hopes. In the weeks we’ve spent with the module we’ve come away pleased with results.. As somewhat of a stress test, we relied strictly on the Motorola Moto Z Play Droid and the Hasselblad MotoMod for a recent press event. Coming away from it, we can’t say there were any particular instances where the camera should have done a better job. That is aside from not having any manual settings, of course. A macro mode would have been truly impressive. The timer worked nicely, capturing focused pictures and we definitely appreciated the optical zoom.. Given that the Moto Z Play Droid closely resembles both the Z Droid ($625) and Z Force Droid ($720) , we have no issues in recommending it for most users. The specifications that most people care about are not all that different across the board and it’s $200 less than the counterparts. and apply it toward a MotoMod on day one.. For about $400 you end up with one of the cooler looking phones on the market, plus it’s ready for modifications down the road. Assuming Lenovo and Motorola continue to support the ecosystem and other accessory makers climb aboard, the phone potentially increases in value over time.. Outside of the extra Verizon bloatware apps and services, the Moto Z Play Droid boasts one of our favorite builds of Android. Specifically, it’s like taking the default Android experience from Google and adding in just the right amount of gestures and functions. If you have to go through Verizon for your phone needs, the Moto Z Play Droid is fantastic “every man” phone.. If you can afford to, want the flexibility, or don’t have a carrier preference, opt for the non-Droid model direct from Motorola. It’s only $50 more and the unlocked nature means timelier updates and freedom to switch service providers.. With a variety of cool module accessories to choose from already, we’re optimistic that the MotoMod features are here to stay. And, thanks to its price, the Z Play Droid is the least expensive way to leverage that technology. On its own, the phone is a tremendous value, but it could get even better with time.. Editor’s Note: Excerpt of this post appeared in the initial unboxing and impressions post .. Hats off to Lenovo for its first major line with the Moto brand. We really like the value of the Z Play Droid and think it makes for an excellent choice for most smartphone users. It does rely on MotoMods for its true, long-term value, but we're optimistic based on what we've seen so far. Sleek, sexy, and snappy, it's also affordable. Were it not for the pre-loaded suite of Verizon apps we would have scored the OS much higher; the Moto blend of Android is among our favorite.. The Hasselblad True Zoom MotoMod is just a few tweaks away from being an outright must-have accessory. We like the optical zoom and added flexibility in shooting modes, but we'd like more control over a manual setting. Thicken it up a smidge at the bottom and put in a tripod mount and we're all over it.. TAGS camera mod hasselblad true zoom mod moto mod camera moto z play moto z play droid moto z play droid review moto z play review motomod motorola. Previous article Sprint user? You can now exchange your replacement Note 7 for a different phone. Next article Friday’s best tech deals and discount codes: Xbox One S Giveaway!. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys offers daily news, reviews, editorials, and tutorials. Articles listed under this byline are comprised of those written by current and former employees of AndroidGuys as well as guest contributors and sponsors.. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for under $250?. ASUS, Project Tango, and what could have been (ASUS ZenFone AR Review). Actually, you can and should use the Manual mode with the True Zoom. The icon is the same for internal camera an external. While the light balance and focal point in the default app still work pretty well, fine tuning your shot is easier in manual, if you have the time anyway.. I’m also surprised by your comment on stabilization. When I got mine I was used to tapping the screen to snap a pic, so I was pretty sloppy using the shutter button. I rarely saw any issues from shake or movement in anything G but very low light shots.. While this will not replace a dedicated Super Zoom bridge camera, Four Thirds, or DSLR, it does very quickly and easily turn your phone into a point and shoot camera with 10x Zoom. It also solves the headache of how to get images from your camera to your social media. Had one in my hand at Verizon yesterday. Solid feel display looked nice with brightness turned all the way up. There stating 2 day battery life. Plus the mods are a nice feature. It’s got a 625 processer &3gb’s. That’s where the battery comes into play. Now are there better deals, yes the op3 & axon7 etc. But if your a battery nut the other’s cannot compete. The real question is the 625 & 3gb’s. There was no lagging with the 625 & I would say it’s good but can’t compare with 4 or 6gb’s and the 820. But I still think the battery & mods make a difference too! So I really feel it’s a good deal for the money. Choice is always the key!! It does not offer OIS!. The 3gb and 625 processing limitations are minimal for most users. The 625 is an octacore so it simply opens fast and slow cores as needed with no real turbo mode. Running near-stock Android doesn’t require near as much Ram either.. Heavy gamers will note the graphics processor is a step down from top of the line, but no one else really will.. Good note on the lack of OIS in this model, it uses digital stabilization much like the new Pixel phones. The slower graphics chip keeps it from being Pixel class in low light situations but the colors are notably accurate. And of course, the difference in cost would buy you a True Zoom Mod, one if the best accessories I’ve ever used.. Adrien, I use the edge as my daily but I really like the Z play. I guess I’m really a fan of motorola having the original turbo & turbo 2. I know the play can’t compare to the edge but I love the battery power on the play. It would make the perfect backup. I get what your saying about digital stabilization seems to work well with the pixals. Thanks for the input! When the Zplay goes unlocked which it is it’s going to sell very well! Battery & mods will make a difference.. Fantastic design, excellent features, good price, good camera. Your review is so nice.Please see my post also. Pingback: Motorola Smartphone Ratings Verizon | Best Smartphone Deal (). Pingback: Best Enhancement Reviews Youtube Haci | Male Enhancement Natural Supplements (). Pingback: Best Verizon Smartphone Ratings And Reviews | Best Smartphone Deal (). Pingback: Top Male Enhancement Products 2016 Movies On Netflix | Male Enhancement Natural Supplements (). Pingback: Nexavar Male Enhancement Reviews Youtube Haci | Top Male Enhancement Supplement (). Ran out of space and android OS isn’t the cause neither is the apps and those are the two biggest either this phone is a piece of shit or its my own problem.. Pingback: Lenovo’s future smartphones will all be Moto devices – Android App Reviews (). Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto Z Play Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 8.2 Expert Score 4.4 25680 Ratings 32 Questions & Answers. Moto Z Play runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. The smartphone has a 5.5-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display. Latest variants of this mobile are Moto Z2 and Moto Z2 Play. Other variant of this mobile is Moto Z. It has a 16MP rear camera with a dual-tone LED flash and a 5MP front-facing camera with LED flash. The device is powered by a 2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 625 processor and 3GB RAM. It has 32GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card up to 256GB. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ ac , Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, NFC, and a microUSB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector. The device is powered by a non-removable Li-Ion 3,510 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 23,989. Key Specifications Snapdragon 625 processor 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage 3510mAh battery 16 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Motorola Moto Z Play Price in India. Motorola Moto Z Play Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto Z Play is at Amazon, which is 4% less than the cost of Moto Z Play at Flipkart (Rs. Motorola Moto Z Play: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff Super AMOLED display Feels like a solid piece of metal while holding, beautifully designed device, it also comes with IP52 certified water-resistant nano-coating The secondary camera is equipped with LED flash. Hence, low-light selfies are a cake-walk 16MP primary camera is among the best performing smartphone cameras Supports Moto Mods for an added benefit of attaching different types of accessories 3,510 mAh large battery gives one of the best battery back-ups Fingerprint scanner Bad Stuff Processor could have been more powerful; graphics power isn't enough to play heavy games No OIS in the primary camera. Motorola has replaced its X-series of smartphones with the latest Z-series. The newest member of the Moto Z family is the Moto Z Play. The Moto Z Play is available in black and white colours and features decent specifications. The Moto Z Play is a more affordable variant of the Moto Z. Connectivity options include 4G , Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, NFC, and a microUSB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector.. Motorola, as we know, has provided its users with the stock version of Android and the Moto Z Play is no different. The device runs the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system out of the box. The Moto Z Play boasts a big 5.5-inch Full HD Super AMOLED screen that is bright and has the capacity to reproduce vibrant colours.. The Moto Z Play can eke out decent performance when compared to the Moto Z courtesy a 2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 625 processor. One should not worry about any performance drop issues as the multitasking is supported by 3GB of RAM. The battery life on the Moto Z Play is great. The non-removable Li-Ion 3,510 mAh cell can easily last for more than a day for a moderate user.. The device makes its mark with a stunning 16-megapixel primary camera that can be used to capture vivid and detailed images. Supported with a dual-tone LED flash, low-light imaging is also pretty good. One important feature of the smartphone is that the front camera is also paired with an LED flash that promises better selfies even at the most demanding cases. Storing media files and apps should never be an issue as the device has 32GB of onboard storage space that can be expanded further using a microSD card up to 256GB.. Motorola Moto Z Play Specifications Display Display Type Super AMOLED Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 403 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Screen to body percentage 69.1 % Design and Build Dimensions 6.1 x 3.0 x 0.2 inches Weight 165 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash Yes Primary 16 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 32GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 256GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3510mAh Turbo Charge Yes Connectivity Bluetooth Yes Wi-Fi Yes with Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 625 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8953 Frequency 2.0 GHz GPU Adreno 506 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light Yes Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. No, it doesn't have a removable battery option, the battery is non-removable. The phone comes with a 3510mAh battery. The battery optimization is best as compared to the other high-end and mid-ranged devices which provide 4000-5000mAh battery. It gives battery backup of two days on single charge if you use it for normal day-to-day tasks. If you love to play heavy games, then you can play them for 7-9 hours non-stop on single charge. You will get a 3 Amphere Turbo Charger inside the box which takes a maximum of 1½ hour to charge the phone from 5-10% to 90-95% of battery.. You can buy the powerbank mod which can be cliped on to it's back as a back cover.. The Moto Z series cannot have removable batteries on account of the Moto MODS feature.. Yes, it has Corning Gorilla Glass 4 on both sides: front and back. The front glass is 2.5D curved on edges. Corning Gorilla glass is not shatter-proof, it just protects your display from scratches. You can see shatter-proof display on Motorola Moto X Force and Moto Z Force. Force series of Motorola handsets provide shatter-proof display which is rough and tough and Motorola provides 4 years of warranty for these displays.. You can basically purchase a tempered glass that is costly and provide 9H hardness level to protect your display.. officially they not mentioned it but you can use tempered glass for safety. Gorilla Glass 4 on the front and back.. It doesn't have IP67 or 68 certification. But accidental spill of water doesn't cause any damage for sure. In fact, it's a splash proof phone. So, you need not worry about it.. No, it's not waterproof but can withhold accidental spillage as it has water repellent nano-coating.. Do you want to marine drive with this phone? Then this is not perfect for that.. NO, IT'S A WATER RESISTANCE BUT I MEAN NOT EVEN VERIFIED.. It is not totally waterproof..but semi waterproof.. Motorola has launched Moto Mods for it's Z series Devices. Each Mod attaches to the back of any Moto Z-series phone using the collection of really strong built-in magnets. Moto Style Mods actually a premium Quality Back Cover(Style shell or style Mods) for the device.. It's like a stylish back cover of Moto Z series phone. Moto Z series has a feature to attach accessories on the back side like camera, extra time battery, projector etc. it just sticks behind with magnet inside.. Mod can be attached or detached to phone which adds extra features or enhances existing features of phone like battery backup, projector, speaker, camera lens, etc.. A textured / printed back cover for the phone which just clips on to the rear of the phone providing scratch protection to its glass, back & the camera.. Mod is an attachment for Moto Z play.. There are mainly four types of attachment's for this device, they are Camera, Music, Projector and Power bank.. Is it compatible with the projector?. Yes, you can buy Insta-share projector mod to attach your Moto Z Play. You can plug and play with mod without facing any problem. You can project up to 70- inches on any flat surface.. It depends upon the projector and the type of connection required and the compatibility that phone should possess. Although, mini-projector could be connected easily.. Yes, you can connect with different cable and there is a projector mod for the phone.. I hope you know about Moto mod,. For that you have to buy projector mod.. User Reviews of Motorola Moto Z Play. 7 Ratings 3 Reviews. 5 4. 4 2. 3 0. 2 0. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. superb .thanks Amazon to gifting me such a great and wonderful smart phone. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Motorola mobile price list in India. iPhone 6 32GB price in India (Rs. Nokia 8 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price (Rs. iPhone SE price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto Z Play. Motorola starts testing Android Oreo update for the Moto Z Play. Motorolas mid-range offering the Moto Z Play was launched in India more than a year ago in October 2016 At the time of its launch the handset came loaded with Android 60 Marshmallow The company then followed it up with an official update to Android 711 Nougat earlier this year Now we have ne. Moto Z Play units in India start receiving the Android 7.1.1 Nougat update. After beginning the Android 711 Nougat update rollout for the flagship Moto Z Lenovo-owned Motorola has now started pushing out the same update for Moto Z Play units in India The final update arrives after three soak tests the first of which was pushed out in June Since the update is in the ea. Motorola Moto Z Play Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto Z Play was obtained on 26th February 2018 14:43:24 The Motorola Moto Z Play is available in Amazon, Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto Z Play online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Motorola Moto Z Play is available in Black, White colours across various online stores in India.. Motorola Moto Z Play Price in India is Rs. 23,989 as on 26th February 2018 14:43:24. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). CDMA 800 / 1900 - USA. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - USA. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - Global. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700) - USA. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 25(1900), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500) - Global. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps - USA HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps - Global. 153.3 x 75.3 x 5.2 mm (6.04 x 2.96 x 0.20 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.5 inches, 83.1 cm 2 (~72.0% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~535 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), 7.1.1 (Nougat), planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo) - USA Quad-core (2x1.8 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo) - Global. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP, f/1.8, laser autofocus, OIS, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, HDR, check quality. 5 MP (f/2.2, 1.4 µm), LED flash, 1080p. - 3.5 mm to USB-C headphone adapter incl. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB On-The-Go; magnetic connector. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Basemark OS II 2.0: 5566 / Basemark X: 36322. Voice 64dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 81dB. Also known as Motorola Moto Z Droid in USA. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto Z - user opinions and reviews. With a heavy use (like games or BT), yes only 3h. But activating the battery economy mode, it could save more hours. I have the battery mode, with the last turbopower mode, it could charge near twice the phone, giving it a full day use. I just bought a used moto z but I feel my moto z battery feels very wasteful and only get sot under 3 hours. is that a natural thing? or I have to go to SC motorola in my country to claim a warranty for a new battery change. excuse me, I just bought Moto Z yesterday. and I am confused with the manual. it is mentioned there that the two round shape near the fingerprints are the speakers. but I don't hear anything in it. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Feb 23, 2018 at 7:43 AM. ( Feb 22, 2018 at 6:05 PM ). Feb 23, 2018 at 7:43 AM. New to Android tech! Please help!. Feb 19, 2018 at 1:13 AM. ( Feb 19, 2018 at 12:54 AM ). Feb 19, 2018 at 1:13 AM. Best Launcher for Moto Z Play?. Feb 6, 2018 at 1:24 AM. ( Feb 5, 2018 at 5:36 AM ). Feb 6, 2018 at 1:24 AM. Feb 5, 2018 at 7:43 AM. ( Jun 21, 2017 at 7:02 PM ). Feb 5, 2018 at 7:43 AM. Feb 5, 2018 at 5:39 AM. ( Oct 14, 2016 at 4:54 PM ). Feb 5, 2018 at 5:39 AM. Sep 30, 2017 at 10:39 PM. ( Sep 30, 2017 at 10:26 PM ). Sep 30, 2017 at 10:39 PM. Sep 13, 2017 at 5:03 PM. ( Sep 8, 2017 at 2:51 AM ). Sep 13, 2017 at 5:03 PM. How many Bluetooth devices can I pair?. Aug 31, 2017 at 9:24 PM. ( Aug 31, 2017 at 8:48 PM ). Aug 31, 2017 at 9:24 PM. Apps widget disappeared from favorites tray after update to 7.1.1. Aug 20, 2017 at 12:32 AM. ( Aug 20, 2017 at 12:30 AM ). Aug 20, 2017 at 12:32 AM. Jul 5, 2017 at 4:31 PM. ( Jul 3, 2017 at 4:02 PM ). Jul 5, 2017 at 4:31 PM. Jun 4, 2017 at 11:16 AM. Jun 4, 2017 at 11:16 AM. Android 6 &Ext SD Card - Understandable Explanation Needed. May 9, 2017 at 3:46 PM. May 9, 2017 at 3:46 PM. Apr 30, 2017 at 6:24 PM. Apr 30, 2017 at 6:24 PM. Ringtones don't play all the way thru. Apr 25, 2017 at 5:44 PM. Apr 25, 2017 at 5:44 PM. Accidentally turned off stock call id. Apr 25, 2017 at 5:45 AM. ( Apr 24, 2017 at 6:03 PM ). Apr 25, 2017 at 5:45 AM. Apr 9, 2017 at 3:17 PM. ( Apr 8, 2017 at 8:42 PM ). Apr 9, 2017 at 3:17 PM. File tranfer - Motorola Moto Z Play. Mar 18, 2017 at 2:52 PM. ( Mar 15, 2017 at 9:11 AM ). Mar 18, 2017 at 2:52 PM. LTE Advanced not available for Z Play?. Mar 8, 2017 at 7:46 AM. ( Nov 19, 2016 at 1:28 AM ). Mar 8, 2017 at 7:46 AM. Mar 5, 2017 at 7:57 AM. ( Mar 3, 2017 at 2:38 AM ). Mar 5, 2017 at 7:57 AM. Google Photos - Download to device.. Feb 17, 2017 at 2:49 PM. Feb 17, 2017 at 2:49 PM. Patch de segurança - Motorola Moto Z Play. Jan 25, 2017 at 4:23 PM. ( Jan 25, 2017 at 3:49 PM ). Jan 25, 2017 at 4:23 PM. Dec 27, 2016 at 11:11 AM. ( Sep 22, 2016 at 10:52 PM ). Dec 27, 2016 at 11:11 AM. Nov 21, 2016 at 11:13 AM. ( Nov 1, 2016 at 8:04 PM ). Nov 21, 2016 at 11:13 AM. Nov 20, 2016 at 10:41 PM. ( Oct 23, 2016 at 11:38 AM ). Nov 20, 2016 at 10:41 PM. Oct 31, 2016 at 7:36 PM. ( Oct 9, 2016 at 2:23 AM ). Oct 31, 2016 at 7:36 PM. Showing threads 1 to 25 of 28. (You must log in or sign up to post here.). Do you already have an account?. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Motorola Moto Z Play. Motorola Moto Z Play: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto Z Play es el smartphone de gama media de la serie Moto Z, compatible con los módulos Moto Mod. En cuanto a características, el Moto Z Play cuenta con una pantalla 1080p de 5.5 pulgadas, procesador octa-core Snapdragon 625 a 2GHz, 3GB de RAM, 32GB de almacenamiento interno expandible, cámara principal de 16 megapixels con flash LED y autofoco láser, cámara frontal de 5 MP con flash LED y corre Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Motorola Moto Z Play Características principales. Android 6.0.1 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto Z Play. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 7 mm. y un peso de 165 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto Z Play tiene una pantalla de 5.5" con una resolución de 1080 x 1920 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto Z Play encontramos un procesador Snapdragon 625 2GHz, acompañado de 3GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 32GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto Z Play tiene una resolución de 16 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 3510 mAh. Pantalla 5.5", 1080 x 1920 pixels Procesador Snapdragon 625 2GHz 3GB RAM. 32GB, microSD Cámara: 16 MP. OS: Android 6.0.1 Perfil: 7 mm Peso: 165 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto Z Play. basado en 4 experiencias. Procesador octa-core 64 bits Cámara de alta resolución (16MP) Amplia memoria RAM (3GB) Muy buena densidad de pixels (403ppi). Motorola Moto Z Play características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto Z Play. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto Z Play. Noticias de Motorola Moto Z Play. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE bandas 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 19, 20, 25, 28, 38, 40, 41. 156.4 x 76.4 x 6.99 mm. Super AMOLED touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Capa repelente de polvo y agua. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 32GB memoria interna, 3GB RAM. - Procesador Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 octa-core 2GHz, GPU Adreno 506. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS. 16 MP, f/2.0, autofoco láser y por detección de fase, flash LED dual (tono dual), foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 2160p@30fps; cámara frontal 5 MP f/2.2, flash LED. - Carga rápida de batería TurboPower. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; Wi-Fi Direct; banda dual. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. Funciones clave Motorola Moto Z Play. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto Z Play. Hay 62 opiniones del Motorola Moto Z Play .. A mí me tocó con una falla en la cámara q me sale error q esta activa una aplicación y tengo q apagarlo y luego prenderlo pero luego d unas cuantas fotos sale lo mismo. El equipo falla para enviar los mensajes pero solamente a ciertos contactos. yo me acabo de comprar este equipo en tienda pero me manda un error de almacenamiento solo me permitio descargar 2 aplicaciones y pongo musica se traba habro whast y se trava esta lento y en la tienda me indican que es normal de lo demas no tengo queja solo eso esta muy lento y apesar que tengo 30 gb libres ya no puedo descargar nada. Hola, tengo un moto x style o capaz q lo conozcan como moto x puré edition me aconsejan cambiarlo por el moto z play? Veo que la cámara del moto z play es de 16mp mientras q la del x style es de 21mp. El móvil es una pasada tiene mucha calidad un poco caro pero los materiales son de primera como un alta gama. Acabo de comprar el Moto Z Play, todavía no me llego, Actualmente tengo el Samsung Edge S 6, OPINIONES ISE BUEN CAMBIO ???. Realmente La Autónomia es lo Mejor del equipo , he llegado a los 2 días de carga y con el cargador turbo en menos de 30 min Ya tengo el 80% de la batería cargada , lo único Que podría restarle es que No cuenta con Radio FM y que la pantalla es un Tanto frágil a los golpes ..así que hay q poner una Buena Mica de Vidrio y carcasa ya q cualquier golpe raya la Pantalla ... Pero en general es cosa de cuidado personal , por lo demás es un excelente equipo.. porq no puedo escvuchar los sonidos de los mensajes entrantes de las apliocaciones de whatsapp y messenger. Porque mi moto z play no tiene radio am fm diganme por fabor. Que categoria es telefono? cual es el Tput maximo que soporta en LTE?. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto Z Play - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 62. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto Z Play. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto Z Play. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto Z Play a otros usuarios. Motorola Moto Z Play anunciado oficialmente. Motorola Moto Z Play vuelve a filtrarse en fotos. Motorola Moto Z Play se filtra en fotos. Motorola Moto Z Play aparece en benchmark. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Listed Price : 24,999. Motorola unveiled the Moto Z Play at IFA 2016 in Berlin. The smartphone, as the name suggests, joins the ranks of Moto Z and Moto Z Force which were launched earlier this year. With the Moto Z Play, Motorola has toned down the specifications a bit and instead focused on the battery life. In fact, such is the smartphone's capability that Motorola says the battery is good enough to survive up to a whopping 50 hours of 'mixed usage'. The Moto Z Play boasts a 3,510mAh battery under the hood. The battery also supports Motorola’s fast charging technology TurboPower, which the company claims can deliver up to nine hours worth of power in 15 minutes of charging. It is the affordable semi-modular smartphone priced at Rs 24,999.. Besides the battery aspect, another talking point of the Moto Z Play is its semi-modular capabilities. Just like the other Moto Z smartphones, the Moto Z Play too features a 16 point magnetic port at the device's back that interacts with external modules called Moto Mods. These modules add extra functionality to the Moto Z and prices for the same start at Rs 5,999. Motorola has unveiled a handful of these modules which includes the likes of JBL’s SoundBoost to boost audio output of the smartphones and is priced at Rs 6,999, InstaShare mod to turn your smartphone into a projector priced at Rs 19,999, and a PowerPack that can boost the Moto Z’s battery life by up to 23 hours, it is priced at Rs 5,999. There’s also the Hasselblad True Zoom camera mod, which is priced at Rs 19,999.. The Moto Z Play flaunts a 5.5-inch full HD (1920x1080 pixels) Super AMOLED display with 403ppi, and is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 625 octa-core processor clocked at 2GHz. The processor is paired with Adreno 506 GPU and 3GB LPDDR3 RAM. There is 32GB internal storage on offer that can be further expanded up to 2TB using a microSD card.. Despite there being an option for the Hasselblad True Zoom camera mod, the Moto Z Play comes with quite a capable shooter in its own right. At the back there is a 16-megapixel camera with laser auto-focus, Phase detection auto-focus (PDAF), ƒ/2.0 aperture, 1.3um pixel size, and dual LED flash. Motorola says that the two focusing technologies work together seamlessly to offer faster and sharper images even at night. The camera is capable of shooting videos at 720p (120fps), 1080p (30fps), 4K (30fps).. Up front, for the selfie loving crowd, there is a 5-megapixel shooter with f/2.2 aperture, wide-angle 85-degrees lens and a flash. The selfie camera comes with software features like Auto Night mode, beautification and professional mode. The Moto Z Play also features a fingerprint scanner embedded into the home button up front.. Like most Moto smartphones, the Moto Z Play also comes with water resistant nano coating. In other words, while the device is not waterproof, it can easily survive an accidental splash of water. You can also safely remove the device during rains to send a quick text without damaging it.. Connectivity options include dual-SIM card slots (nano), 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n (2.4GHz+5GHz), Bluetooth 4.0 LE, NFC, A-GPS, and a USB-Type-C port. Unlike the Moto Z though, the Moto Z Play does retain the ageing 3.5mm audio jack placed at the bottom. On the software front, the smartphone runs on Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 out-of-the-box.. At its price point, the Moto Z Play will compete against the likes of OnePlus 3, Xiaomi Mi 5, LeEco Le Max2 and the recently launched Lenovo Z2 Plus. In comparison to the Moto Z Play, the OnePlus 3 comes with features like 5.5-inch 1080p display, Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor, 6GB RAM, and 64GB onboard memory. It also comes with a 16-megapixel rear camera, 8-megapixel selfie camera, fingerprint scanner, 3,000mAh battery, and connectivity options like dual-SIM slots, 4G LTE support, and USB Type-C port.. Xiaomi's flagship Mi 5 smartphone features a 5.15-inch 1080p display, Snapdragon 820 chipset, 3GB RAM, and 32GB onboard memory. It also comes with a 16-megapixel rear camera, 4-megapixel selfie camera, fingerprint scanner, 3,000mAh battery and connectivity options like dual-SIM card slots, 4G LTE, and USB Type-C port.. The LeEco Le Max2 is the biggest smartphone of the lot with a 5.7-inch QHD display, and is powered by a Snapdragon 820 chipset paired with 4GB of RAM. The phablet also features a 21-megapixel rear camera, 8-megapixel selfie camera, fingerprint scanner, 3,100mAh battery and connectivity options like dual-SIM card slots, 4G LTE and USB Type-C port. There is no 3.5mm audio jack on this smartphone.. Lastly, Lenovo recently launched the Z2 Plus in India in two variants -- 32GB with 3GB RAM, and 64GB with 4GB RAM. The smartphone comes with a 5-inch 1080p display, and is powered by a Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor. The Z2 Plus also features a 13-megapixel rear camera with 4K video recording capabilities, 8-megapixel selfie camera, fingerprint scanner and a 3,500mAh battery along with Intelligent charge cut-off (ICC) feature to ensure it doesn’t overcharge. Connectivity options include dual-SIM card slots, 4G with VoLTE support, Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth and USB Type-C port.. Processor Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz Processor. Camera 16 MP with ƒ / 2.0 aperture, Auto Focus, PDAF. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Full Specifications of Motorola Moto Z Play. 2G Network Technology GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. 4G Network Technology LTE (B2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13). Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Network Type GSM / UMTS / LTE. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 2TB. Processor Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz Processor. Camera resolution 16 MP with ƒ / 2.0 aperture, Auto Focus, PDAF. Camera Features Zero Shutter Lag, Colour balancing dual LED flash, Professional Mode, Quick Capture, Best Shot, Tap (anywhere) to capture, 4X digital zoom, Burst mode, Auto HDR, Panorama, Drag to focus & exposure. Camera Video Features 4K Video Recording. Secondary Camera 5 MP with ƒ / 2.2 aperture, Flash, Auto Night mode, Beautification software, Professional mode. Size (L by B by T) 156.4 x 76.4 x 6.99 mm. Motorola likely to launch new Moto Mods in India today. Motorola Moto Z2 Play now available via Flipkart for Rs 27,999: Specifications and features. Motorola starts testing Android 7.1.1 Nougat update for the Moto Z. Moto Z2 Play vs Moto Z Play: What's different?. Moto Z2 Play launched in India at Rs 27,999: Specifications, launch day offers and more. Moto Z Play with Moto Mods. More on Motorola Moto Z Play. Motorola Moto Z Play Reviews in India. Motorola Moto Z Play Features & Specs. Motorola Moto Z Play Vs Motorola Moto Z2 Play. Motorola Moto Z Play Vs Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Motorola Moto Z Play Vs Motorola Moto Z Force. Motorola Moto Z Play Vs Motorola XT800 ZHISHANG. 13,999 Buy Now. 27,999 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Motorola Moto Z Play. Decent performance and battery and gaming too. No heat ehile playing games like asphalt 8 modern combat 5,etc. Review on: Motorola Moto Z Play. Decent performance and battery and gaming too. No heat ehile playing games like asphalt 8 modern combat 5,etc. Review on: Motorola Moto Z Play. Decent performance and battery and gaming too. No heat ehile playing games like asphalt 8 modern combat 5,etc. Review on: Motorola Moto Z Play. Review on: Motorola Moto Z Play. Staff on Dec 15, 2017 06:53 PM. Last month, Motorola launched a new printer mod for its .... Maitrayee Iyer on Jun 15, 2017 10:22 AM. Motorola Moto Z2 Play is the successor to last year's Moto .... Marcia Sekhose on Jun 14, 2017 05:57 PM. Some Moto Z users in India and Brazil have started .... Deepali Moray on Jun 08, 2017 05:46 PM. The Moto Z2 Play has improved on a range of aspects; here's .... Deepali Moray on Jun 08, 2017 01:08 PM. The new Moto Z2 Play will be available starting June 15 via .... Motorola Moto Z Play Back Cover. Write a Review on Motorola Moto Z Play. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
The next video is starting stop. Motorola Moto Z Play, primeras impresiones #IFA16. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ►►Suscríbete a Andro4all: http://goo.gl/LuuzTb Te traemos las primeras impresiones del nuevo dispositivo de Motorola. ❤❤ GAFAS DE SOL TOPE DE GAMA ❤❤ Consigue unas AFTER SUNGLASSES con un 25% de descuento con el código: ANDRO4ALL en www.aftersunglasses.com/andro4all Nuestras redes sociales: Instagram: http://instagram.com/andro_4all Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/andro4all Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/andro4all G+: http://www.google.com/+andro4all http://www.andro4all.com Music by: MDK Song Title: Absolute Zero http://www.facebook.com/MDKOfficial http://www.youtube.com/MDKOfficialYT Buy the song here: http://www.mdkofficial.bandcamp.com/ Free Download: http://www.morgandavidking.com/free-d.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Moto Z Play, review en español. Los MOTO Z y sus REVOLUCIONARIOS MOTO MODS. Motorola Moto Z, primeras impresiones #IFA16. MOTO Z vs MOTO Z Play - Comparativa. Moto Z Play - ¿El mejor Gama Media actual? - Análisis real en español. Review: Moto Z Play + Hasselblad Moto Mod. Moto Z Play (Review en español). Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+: TODA LA INFORMACIÓN #MWC18. Motorola Moto Z Play - Accesorios y Funciones Básicas.. Sony Xperia XZ2, primeras impresiones #MWC18. Motorola Moto Z Play - Review en español. Moto Z Play + Hasselblad True Zoom, toma de contacto. Que tan poderoso es el JBL Mod Moto Z force vs JBL Charge 2 vs DKnight Speakers. Unboxing Moto Z Play en Español HD. Galaxy S7 Edge: ¿Cuál es el mejor celular Android?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
