Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Android 4.4.4, up to Android L. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Google Drive (50 GB cloud storage). Also known as Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2014), Motorola Moto G2 Dual SIM, Motorola Moto G+1 Dual SIM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - user opinions and reviews. How can i use cast ???. actually can`t find tv to connect. moto e2 or moto g2 which one is better?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) Motorola Moto G (2nd gen) Motorola Moto G 4G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Electronics Cameras & Camcorders Camcorder Accessories Other Camcorder Accessories. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM(2nd gen) Charger (6FEET) MicroUSB 2.0 Cable Kit by Ixir(Car Charger + Cable)True Digital Adaptive Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. High quality Ixir© brand accessories for your mobile devices with a lifetime warranty.. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by e-Mart Direct. Or get it by Wednesday, Feb 28 with faster shipping options. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Or get it by Wednesday, Feb 28 with faster shipping options. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. Tell us if something is incorrect. High quality Ixir© brand accessories for your mobile devices with a lifetime warranty.. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283025166, DC-prod-dfw7, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - user opinions and reviews. Android 4.4.4, up to Android L. Pages: 1 2 3 … 73 74 ». How can i use cast ???. actually can`t find tv to connect. moto e2 or moto g2 which one is better?. did the august update solved the problem with nfs mw and Nba Jam???. Ajithboro, 26 Feb 2017 My moto 4g jio suport? How is it possible ?. Akhil, 14 Jun 2016 Hi i am using motog 2 2nd gen LTE dual sim phone few days i got a problem on my phone sim 2 au... more Have the same problem after using it for 2years. Did all those stuffs,reseting,clearing cache n app preference. Also changed some networking settings according to troubleshooting info, but there is no permanent solution. N its happening only with my aircel sim,but the sim works perfectly fine on other device.. dhanjiram, 07 Feb 2017 No accept 4g sim jio 4g support. Abinesh india, 19 Jan 2017 Please update LTE 4g mode network ...........please up comes update ...please 4g network comes... more No accept 4g sim jio. shekharofficial, 12 Jan 2017 - Please don't upgrade your mobile to marshmallow. more Is it 4g supportng r nt.??. Is there any problem facing before software upgrading?. I'm really confusing plz tell me. The phone is good value for the money (XT1068) but I must admit that the OS felt sluggish. After a while the phone would become very slow to respond which could be fixed by rebooting. At the time I was running official Marshmallow build from Motorola. In the end I gave up and decided to try different roms. At the moment I am running stock cynamogen nightly build of Nougat and very happy. Also I have gained a little bit more extra space of phone's internal storage. Instead of google launcher I use Microsoft's Arrow launcher. All in all I happy again using this phone. The fact that it's a 2sim phone is good for when I go abroad. I would definitely recommend flashing a different ROM.. Manisha, 11 Jan 2017 Guys Moto G2 working well in India after the update which I got last night...August security u... more Everytime i try to update, it shows error. And after restarting phone it says "update unsuccessful and no changes made to device.". I haven't unlocked bootloader or done any modifications.. Mitt, 25 Oct 2016 Guys by mistake my moto g2 has fallen from my hand and the touch glass has been broken but I d... more It cost nearly 1000. Please update LTE 4g mode network ...........please up comes update ...please 4g network comes please. shekharofficial, 12 Jan 2017 - Please don't upgrade your mobile to marshmallow. more I upgraded my MOTO G 2 gen to marshmallow with no issue.. Suresh, 10 Dec 2016 3g 4g Moto g 4g. NEELAM, 12 Dec 2016 no its not 4g compatible Yes it is.. - Please don't upgrade your mobile to marshmallow. - Radio, GPS does not work smoothly when you upgrade your mobile to marshmallow. - Yes, it is user friendly.. Pages: 1 2 3 … 73 74 ». Total of 1463 user reviews and opinions for Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) Motorola Moto G (2nd gen) Motorola Moto G 4G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
See more Motorola MOTO G (2nd Gen.) - 8GB - Black Smar.... G'day ( Sign in to bid or buy) eBay Deals Gift Cards Help Sell. My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling/Sold Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Messages. Bidding has ended on this item. The seller has relisted this item or one like this.. help icon for Postage - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). average based on 1 product rating. Photos not available for this variation. “ The item is in mint/ excellent working condition! ”. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be posted through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. May not post to Singapore. Read item description or contact seller for postage options. More chances to get what you want 1/1. Motorola Moto G5 Plus XT1685 32GB 4G .... Motorola Moto E4 Plus Dual SIM 3GB/32.... Motorola Moto E 2nd Gen XT1521 Dual S.... Motorola XT1068 8GB 2 Gen 3G Dual Si.... NEW MOTOROLA MOTO G 2ND GEN XT1068 20.... NEW MOTOROLA MOTO G (2ND GEN) 4G XT10.... NEW MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN XT1092 16.... NEW MOTOROLA MOTO X 2ND GEN XT1092 16.... Motorola Moto M Dual SIM 32GB 4G (XT1.... /64GB card/ Motorola Moto G5s Plus Du.... Motorola Moto G5s Plus Dual SIM 3GB/3.... BRAND NEW MOTOROLA MOTO G5 XT1676 16G.... Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. “ The item is in mint/ excellent working condition! ”. Motorola G Series XT1068 2nd Gen runs on Android operating system. The Smartphone features a convenient 8 MP camera so you can capture images and store them on 8 GB memory space. This Motorola model supports GSM, CDMA, LTE and 2G, 3G, 4G networks. An item that has been restored to working order by the eBay seller or a third party not approved by the manufacturer. This means the item has been inspected, cleaned, and repaired to full working order and is in excellent condition. This item may or may not be in original packaging. See the seller’s listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Motorola G Series XT1068 2nd Gen runs on Android operating system. The Smartphone features a convenient 8 MP camera so you can capture images and store them on 8 GB memory space. This Motorola model supports GSM, CDMA, LTE and 2G, 3G, 4G networks. (estimated and based on max bid). By clicking Confirm bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder.. By clicking Confirm bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agreed to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.. Resume bidding , if the page does not update immediately.. Don't let it get away - bid again!. , you're the highest bidder on this item. , you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.. , this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.. , you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.. Please enter a valid number as the bid price.. Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.. Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.. This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .. Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.. By clicking 1 Click Bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn more about 1-click bid - opens in a new window or tab. Congratulations! The auction has ended and you're the winner.. The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.. Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.. Good news, you're the high bidder.. You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. Maximum bids can't be lowered once submitted.. Have been using it for a year. There are copyright or trademark issues. It includes feedback about the seller. We'll take a look and remove the review if it doesn't follow our guidelines.. "Motorola MOTO G (2nd Gen.) - 8GB - Black Smartphone". Styluses for Motorola Moto G ,. Motorola Moto X 2nd Generation Mobile Phones ,. Chargers and Cradles for Motorola Moto G ,. USB Cables for Motorola Moto G ,. Camera Lenses for Motorola Moto G ,. Cables & Adapters for Motorola Moto G. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Motorola Moto G Dual Sim (2nd gen). Mobiles / Motorola Moto G Dual Sim (2nd gen). CPU : Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7. RAM : 1 GB RAM. OS : Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), Upgradable. Motorola Moto G Dual Sim (2nd gen) - Price and Specification. Motorola Moto G Dual Sim (2nd gen) Moto G2 , Moto G+1. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Touch focus, geo-tagging, face detection , panorama , HDR. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Motorola Moto G Dual Sim (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual Sim (2nd gen) - Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
Home >> Phones >> Motorola >>Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Gen). Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Gen) is a Smart Phone Powered by Android 4.4.4 KitKat and 8 MP Auto Focus Rear Camera with 720p Video recording.. - 1.2 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Processor. - 5 Inch HD Touchscreen Display. - 8 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. - 2 MP Front Camera. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Gen) Specifications. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Gen) User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Mobile Phone specifications, Prices, Review and User Opinions. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - SPECIFICATIONS. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2014), Motorola Moto G2 Dual SIM, Motorola Moto G+1 Dual SIM. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Google Drive (50 GB cloud storage). Motorola Moto G 4G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Phone Genesis is the prime website for phones information such as full specifications, in-depth reviews, latest news, users opinion and upcoming phones.. © Phone Genesis All Rights Reserved 2k18. 
Step 2/4 > Select your current Network. Unlock your Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) with Unlock Code. Request a Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) unlock code and we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („SIM Network Unlock PIN”). If your phone does not ask for one and there is no input field where to enter the unlock code, please contact our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to get in touch with us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours on any question about how to unlock Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen).. Pick the country your Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Why should I order a Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) unlock code?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock Motorola devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Read this step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order a Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. By more than 486 happy customers. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Got my code and instructions how to unlock Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). It did take a bit longer then they said it would, but they clearly noticed me about it so that seems fine to me.. Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back.... I got my Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) unlock code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. Mark Tzerhfu     . Remy Dent     . Catherine Grace     . Jane Miller     . Francisco Soria     . 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen specs & features, price in Pakistan. Motorola Mobiles Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen. Release Date: 2014, September Views: 1596. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen features includes Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to 6.0 (Marshmallow) smartphone Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, 8 GB, 1 GB RAM, 2G, 3G, 2014, September, Features 1280 x 720, 5.0 inches, Touchscreen, 8 MP camera, 2 MP, f/2.2 front camera, bluetooth, usb, gprs, edge, wlan, Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen Price in Pakistan. Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Pictures. Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Wallpapers. Sell Used Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen. Buy Used Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Single Sim, 3G GSM / HSDPA. Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to 6.0 (Marshmallow), 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. 8 MP + 2 MP, f/2.2. Motorola sets price < 5000 Rs. Motorola sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Motorola sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Motorola sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Motorola sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Motorola sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Motorola sets price > 45000 Rs.. Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Price in Pakistan. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen best price in Pakistan is Rs. 22000 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Moto G Dual SIM (2nd details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen Specifications. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - Global model HSDPA 850 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - USA model. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) Mobile with Memory Card. Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to 6.0 (Marshmallow). SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. Digital TV (DS DTV 16GB model only), MP3/AAC+/WAV/Flac player, MP4/H.264 player, Photo viewer/editor, Document viewer, Voice memo/dial, GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS. 4.0, A2DP, LE Bluetooth Mobiles. microUSB 2.0, USB Host USB Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. Scratch Resistance, Touch Screen 16M colors, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). 8 MP, 8 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. 720p@30fps, stereo sound rec., HDR, check quality. Auto Focus, Video , Video Call. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 66dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 75dB. Yes, with stereo speakers Voice 66dB / N. Basemark OS II: 526 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 497Basemark X: 3142. Disclaimer: Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen review. Moto E (3rd gen) |. Moto 360 (1st gen) |. Motorola Moto G 4G Dual SIM 2nd gen. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen. Motorola Photon Q 4G LTE XT897. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
The next video is starting stop. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd Gen Smartphone 2014 Review : Motorola Moto G 2nd Generation Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Motorola has just announced two of its most anticipated smartphones : Moto X and Moto G. The company decided to stick to the previous names, keeping things simple by calling them 2nd Gen devices. The new Moto G has been launched at the price of Rs. 12,999 for 16 GB and is going on sale later today with special offers on Flipkart. The company said that last time around they sold 1.6 million devices through Flipkart for Indian customers, and this time they’ve made sure they have sufficient stock for prospective buyers. The 2nd Gen Moto G has a 5.0-inch 720p HD IPS display made out of Corning Gorilla Glass. Other improvements to the G include two front stereo speakers and an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 2-megapixel front-facing one. The new G will also now finally come with a microSD card slot, which is located underneath the back cover. It’ll still come with 16GB built-in storage, but an expandable memory slot is always nice to have. However, underneath is the same 1.2GHz Snapdragon 400 processor and 2,070 mAh battery. The new Moto G still shoots in 720p. However, they considered going for 1080p video capability, to compete with the Xiaomi Mi3. It’ll ship with Android 4.4 KitKat and is upgradeable to Android L as soon as it is released. It does come with a few Motorola apps like Migrate, which helps you transfer old phone contacts to the new one, and Assist, which provides a voice-activated Drive Mode when you’re on the road. Motorola Moto G 2nd Gen Smartphone 2014 Review Motorola Moto G 2nd Gen Smartphone Moto G (Gen 2) Goes on Sale Today For Rs. 12,999 Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) hands-on Motorola Moto G 2nd Generation review Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen): Hands on Slideshow Motorola Moto G 2 review: first look | PC Pro Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) hands-on review New Motorola Moto G Launched Motorola Moto G (2nd Generation) New Motorola Moto G Launched- Hands On Video Review Motorola's New Moto X and Moto G Motorola Moto G 2014 review: the benchmark New Moto G2 Specifictions | New Moto G2 Price New 2nd Generation Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen) Price in India - Specifications Hands on: Motorola Moto G (2014) review Motorola Unveiled Moto G 2nd Gen. Motorola Moto G (2nd Generation) Launched in India Moto g News - Moto g Latest news on www.gizbot.com A New Motorola Moto G launched in India at Rs. 12,999 Moto G (Gen 2) With 5-Inch HD Display Launched in India Motorola Unveiled Moto G 2nd Gen. In India For $215 Moto g News A New Motorola Moto G launched in India at Rs. 12,999 Moto G | Droid Life Motorola Moto G (Gen 2) Launched In India for INR 12,999 Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd Gen) - Specifications fun news:Motorola Moto G 2nd Gen Smartphone 2014 Review Motorola Moto G (2nd Generation), First Take Motorola Moto G 2nd Generation review Motorola Moto G 2 review: first look | PC Pro Motorola Unveils New Line of Moto G. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. How to Insert SIM cards into Motorola Moto G. MOTO G (2nd Generation) vs GALAXY S5! -Speed Test [Must Watch]. Moto G Dual SIM: video totalmente en español y en calidad HD!. Moto G (2nd Gen): The Good, Bad & Ugly. Motorola Moto G Unboxing Dual Sim - Australia. Moto G 2nd Gen vs iPhone 6 - Speed Test!. New Moto G 2nd Gen Unboxing, Review, Camera, Price, Software, Gaming and Overview HD. New! MOTO G 2nd Generation (2014) in-depth Review, Hardware & Software. Moto G 2nd Gen (2014) Review - Should You Buy?. New MOTO G 2nd Generation Unboxing & Hands On Review | Gadgets Portal. Motorola Moto G2 2014 (Moto G 2nd Generation): Review. New Moto G 2nd Gen (2014 Model) Unboxing & Hands on Overview. Moto G 2014 vs Moto G 2013. Motorola Moto G 2nd gen 2014 (black-16GB) Unboxing India HD. New Moto G 2nd Generation Color Comparison White VS Black. MOTO G 3rd Gen vs iPhone 6 - SPEED TEST! (Shocking Result!). New Motorola Moto G second geneneration - Which? first look review. Moto G (2nd gen) - First Impressions. 10+ Tips & Tricks on Moto G 2nd Gen 2014!. Motorola Moto G 2nd Gen (2014 Model) Review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
You haven't added any 3D printed products yet.. <span class="noty_close sw--position-absolute sw--position-right sw--padding-top-3 sw--padding-right-3 icon-cancel sw--opacity-8 sw--z-index-10"></span>. <p class="sw--font-size-16 sw--margin-bottom-2 sw--margin-right-6">Sign up to hear about special promotions</p>. <input type="text" class="sw--input-height__medium" style="width:60%;" placeholder="Email address" name="email" />. <input type="hidden" class="" name="location" value="/product/5HRBGJ9EZ/ps4-controller-motorola-moto-g-dual-sim-2nd-gen" />. <input type="hidden" class="" name="confirmation" value="emailConfirmationModal" />. <input type="submit" class="btn-primary sw--margin-left-1" value="Subscribe" />. Side View - A Samsung Galaxy S3 and a black PS4 controller. PS4 controller & Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen. White Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.13. Blue Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.63. Purple Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.63. Red Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.63. Pink Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.63. Yellow Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.63. Green Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.63. Orange Strong & Flexible Polished - $20.63. White Strong & Flexible - $19.63. Black Strong & Flexible - $20.63. 3D printed in black nylon plastic with a matte finish and slight grainy feel.. All orders are backed by our. All orders are backed by our. Secure 4 sided grip of your Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) ( most competitors only provide a 2 sided grip ). Tailor made exactly for your Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) ( most comptetitors try a one size fits all mount that often pushes various buttons on your phone, and require you to adjust with the holder with clamps or rubber bands ). Single unit without extra parts, such as rubber bands. Easily and quickly mount the phone on the controller. Conveniently use second screen apps that support landscape mode. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) with USB OTG or USB Host enabled ( Amazon ). PS4 controller ( Amazon ). USB OTG cable for Android gaming (Female USB to Male Micro USB) ( Amazon ). Games that support a controller (I started here a list that you can edit as well). The PS4 controller touchpad becomes less accessible with UtorCase on the controller. ther smartphone cases need to be removed from your phone while using UtorCase that is built for the official dimensions of your smartphone. Any phone addon that alters the official dimensions of the phone. How strong is UtorCase? Stress Test. UtorCase turns your PS4 controller and your Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) into a handheld game console.. LATEST: Do you have multiple phones or extra large batteries? Do you want to keep your phone in its case? Then check out the new Adjustable UtorCase for PS4 controller .. About this design - Front Rider. This design is somewhat front heavy. If you prefer a design that spreads the weight over the controller, then take a look at the 'Over the top' version: WEIGHT_DISTRIBUTION_LINK. In addition to UtorCase, you will also need the following items ( excluded from your Shapeways purchase! ):. Please make sure you can connect your Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) and your PS4 controller with a USB OTG Cable. On the Utor Case Questions and Answers page , I collected common issues that you may face while trying to connect your controller with your Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). UtorCase will show on one of its side a shortened name of your phone: MMGDS2g. The dimensions of the device holder are based on the official dimensions: Metric: 141.5mm x 70.7mm x 11mm US: 5.57in x 2.78in x 0.43in. For questions on your shipment and order status, please contact Shapeways customer service. If you have any questions regarding the design of UtorCase, you can contact me at the UtorCase Support forum for Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) .. UtorCase for Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) and other controllers. UtorCase is available for over 1400 smarthpones, so Google 'UtorCase + your phone name' or contact me at info@utorcase.com.. Reviews and mentions around the web. Click here to read rave reviews from around the web .. If you are you a community leader, you may be eligible for a free review UtorCase ( click for details ).. PS4 controller & Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen. 13 x 12.29 x 4.97 cm. 5.12 x 4.84 x 1.96 inches. Xbox One controller & Lenovo Vibe C - Front Rider. Xbox One controller & chat & Motorola Moto E (3rd. Xbox One controller & Motorola Moto E (3rd gen) -. Xbox One controller & chat & Motorola Moto G Dual. Sign In or Join to comment.. Get design inspiration and exclusive offers. Congo, The Democratic Republic of the. Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of. © 2008 - 2018 Shapeways, Inc. Get Internet Explorer latest version. Click anywhere outside this window to continue.. We're sorry to inform you that we no longer support this browser and can't confirm that everything will work as expected. For the best Shapeways experience, please use one of the following browsers:. 
Now Sony Xperia Users Can Directly Share Their 3D Arts and Objects on Facebook. BLU released VIVO X with a 6 inch-18:9 HD display : (offer deal : 199$ in US). LG Announces K8 and K10 Smartphones - Official Specification and Price. Honor 7x vs Redmi Note 5 Comparison - Based on it performance. ‘Reply’ is now available for download - brings Smart Replies to Twitter, WhatsApp, Messages and more. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - Complete Specification & Price. DISPLAY : 5.0 inches , 720 x 1280 Resolution. CAMERA : Rear : 8 MP , Front : 2 MP. CPU : Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400. RAM : 1 GB RAM. OS : Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L. The Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Smart Phone comes with 5.0 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 16M colors Display with the resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels.. The Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) is powered by Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 processor. The Smart Phone is packed with 8/16 GB internal storage with microSD up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) support and has 1 GB RAM ensures that the Smart Phone runs smoothly with multiple applications simultaneously.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) runs on Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L Operating system and is powered by Non-removable Li-Ion 2070 mAh battery. It measures 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in) height x width x thickness respectively and weights 149grams. The comlete specification of Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) with price is furnished below.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - Complete Specification. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels (294 ppi density). Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L. microSD up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. Leave a Comment Cancel reply. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Lenovo K8 Note. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Nokia 6 (2018). Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 9 Lite. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 7X. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Lenovo K8 Note. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Nokia 6 (2018). Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 9 Lite. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 7X. SmartZOZ is an online publication focused on technology news, reviews and descriptive videos.. The site offers reviews and information on wide range of products such as smartphones, tablets, laptops and various other consumer electronic products and software applications.. Leave this field empty if you're human:. 
Pakistan Android | Mobile Apps Games Tech News SEO Earn. Net Neutrality principles not relevant for Internet Access. Lenovo 1 Million 4G Smart phones Sale in India. LG G2 D802 Lollipop 5.0.2 Upgrade in Finland – Suomi. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo Y53 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia M2 lite Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia N2 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab3 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 10 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017. LG Watch Style Price in Pakistan. LG Watch Sport Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic LTE Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier LTE Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 LG Watch Urbane 2 LTE Price in Pakistan June 25, 2016. Unlock Android Phone Using Proximity Sensor. How to Open Youtube in Pakistan on Android Mobile. Latest cricket Score News Videos Highlights Streams. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Price in Pakistan. Home » Mobile » Motorola » Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Price in Pakistan. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) was released dated – 2014, September. Lets take a look at Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Price in Pakistan with detailed review and specification. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Core Features Review. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) has been officially released on 2014, September. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Supported legacy GSM networks bands are : GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 – SIM 1 & SIM 2. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Supported 3G networks bands are : HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) supports basic GSM / HSPA technology. Data Speed is HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) supports EDGE data modes -> Yes. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) supports GPRS data modes like Yes. In terms of Dimension it has 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in) size. Total weight is 149 g (5.26 oz). SIM Type is Dual SIM, (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) comes with 5.0 inches (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio) IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors providing a total of 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) MultiTouch support : Yes. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) runs Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L on the top of Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 chipset and powerful Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU. For fluid visual experience it has a powerful Adreno 305 GPU. This device comes up with Internal Memory and RAM of 8/16 GB, 1 GB RAM respectively. For expanding memory : microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Primary Camera or Rare/Back Camera is at 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash with Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama and video recording capability of 720p@30fps, stereo sound rec., HDR. Secondary or Front Camera is at 2 MP, f/2.2. For headphones 3.55 mm Jack : Yes. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) WLAN is based on Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot. Bluetooth Module version and supported profiles are v4.0, A2DP, LE respectively. GPS Module features are : Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS. USB Status : microUSB v2.0, USB Host. Has infra red port for controlling IR devices such as TV, fridge etc. Sensors such as Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass are integrated in the device. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) has Non-removable Li-Ion 2070 mAh battery. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Specification. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L. 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. – Google Drive (50 GB cloud storage). – Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Hands On. [su_box title=”Irmation” style=”glass” box_color=”#60b2d9″]Cannot see below video? Look like you need to Unblock YouTube on PC or Unblock YouTube on Android Device .[/su_box]. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Price in Pakistan and selected countries. Motorola Moto G5S Price in Pakistan. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Price in Pakistan. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Price in Pakistan. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan. vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan. October 19, 2014 5. LG G Watch R Urbane LTE Price in Pakistan with Review. April 3, 2015 4. February 8, 2015 4. How to Unblock or Open YouTube in Pakistan. October 18, 2014 3. Huawei Honor 6 Plus price in Pakistan with Review. December 27, 2014 3. Nokia Lumia 830 Price in Pakistan. Allview C6 Quad 4G Price in Pakistan. NIU Niutek 3.5B Price in Pakistan. Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6 Price in Pakistan. 
Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen 16GB Reviews. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen 16GB. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen 16GB. Moto G Dual SIM 2nd gen 8GB. Please feel free to post your review on this product.. You need to understand that Moto G2 is a budget phone launched in 2014. Since then lot of things have changed. Nowadays, budget phones have 3GB ram compared to 1GB in Moto G2. So, it is unfair to compare Moto G2 with new age phones.. You can still get a swift performance from Moto G2 by following the below steps:. Use an SD card to store applications and other files.. Delete all the unimportant and old messages.. Install only the important apps such as WhatsApp, Facebook, truecaller etc.. The above steps should ensure that you have at least 90MB of free ram and a few GB of storage. With this, I don't see any reason why there should be any performance issues.. Conclusion - You need to keep you expectations low and save some ram by installing only the important applications.. I work with 17 apps (downloaded from play store) and it works fine for me.. Don't forget, Moto G2 was a trend setter and best selling phone of its time. The phone offers good screen, is comfortable to hold, very well built and has loud speakers.. This phone is a great performance great speed it is the my best phone in life i have seen very much like it motorola is the greatest company in world for phone it looks the great minds of the members of motorola team i have seen many of phones in our life i have used samsung but samsung is slow phone in world for using and again i loved motorola phone and its new features this is new inovation for world must try it for all people this great phone. I brought my phone last year, it is working absolutly awesome. Basically it is good for my daily work , i found it useful. Talk about ram then 1gb is sufficient and internal also good 16gb .Battery backup is also good .. This phone is best in its price everything just awesome.i recommend it to all students. overall a good phone by motorola. Btw everyone should try it once .. You can play game very well on it. good quadcore processor handles tasks easily given the 1GB of RAM. not much fluff on top of Android4.3 and guaranteed update to 4.4. good looking screen with vibrant colors and great resolution/DPI. built-in FM radio (yes, I'm old-fashioned but it was a must for me). camera is decent for a phone. LED is powerful enough and makes a good spot for using as flashlight. built in compass is fairly precise and does not jump around much. no SD card (this is more of a fault to me since I like to put loads of music on my phone and thus only 4 star rating. You get ~12GB free with the 16GB version). Very very good product I love this product very much and the best product I've ever used in my life that is very good and it has very good design love this product this product has very good display very good graphics with 2GB RAM and also 13 megapixel rear camera and 5 megapixel front camera dual flash dual sim dual flash with dual SIM address but it is very great awesome product cool rock the rock the stage this was the best product from Motorola. Very good product i love it so much its awesome product amazingly designed body wuth snart processor. With 2 gb ran and also with dual sim and also wit dual sim and also with thrteen maga pixel cemara. With 13mega pixel rare camera and 5 naga pixel front camera and also with dual flash amazing product i have ever used in my life i love this so much very good product wow very amazing product i love this wow wow wow wowow owow wow amazing product love it.... Very good product i have ever used it is the product which i dream to use very nice product i love it its graphics is awesome. Full hd video very amazing product. This product body has been designed amazingly woow very nice product with 2 gh ram and also with android version 5.1.1 that is lollipop and also have 13 mega pixel rare camera and five mega pixel front camera and also with dual flash and also have dual flash and also have dual sim very nice product i love this product so much very good product from motorolaa wow very good product i love it wow good product good product good ptlroduct good product love it woow very amazing product love it wow good product..... The camera and the display are beyond any words.... The speakers are good and loud enough. The gorrila glass bis superb...I dropped my phone accidentally, but it was in great condition.... Battery is a thing of concern. The phone lags a litte,but not most of the time. Should have had multi colour notification lights and it would have been superb. The RAM usage is always 80-87 which is very high. MOTO G 2 ND GENERATION REVIEW. hi i brought Moto G 2nd gen and using from last 1year there is no problem with the mobile. i liked the design of the moto and quality is to good. water resistant, quality of sound is clear, time to time software updates. very less lag, display having cornilla glass etc.. some of cons of the moto g is battey is the main draw back and camera are the two main cons of the moto other than that its good phone. ram just 1gb some time lags.. quality of the picture from camera are not good.. [Good] All the features given in the phone is good enough. Internal memory is enough to keep all the apps and necessary files, video. No need to keep memory externally. Screen resolution is better than other phones. Android lolipop udpate working good & give better experience. [Bad] camera is better in sunlight but in room it should be more better. 3g network is not show in the phones always. It show 2g in 3g data. Motorola Mobile Phones > Motorola Razr > Razr2 V8. Want to buy this phone again. Motorola Mobile Phones > Moto X4. No heating issue and no hanging or lags while playing huge games. Fast fingerprint sensor response and it also severs as navigation keys. 4g works on both sims but their is no stand by mode. Motorola Mobile Phones > Moto G5 Plus. This phone has a sharp display, the clarity of the camera is cool and amazing , the google voice assist is very responsive and quick , the never hangs while using and playing games , the battery back ... View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Home Products Motorola Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Overview Specs Reviews. $200.00 Brand: Motorola Category: Smartphones. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 7.0 3.5 1. Design 7 / 10. Display 7 / 10. Battery 7 / 10. Features 7 / 10. Performance 7 / 10. Usability 7 / 10. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - Specs. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). Dual SIM - (Micro-SIM - dual stand-by). microSD up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 4.0 - A2DP - LE - aptX. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels - 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Android 4.4.4 (KitKat) - upgradable to Android L. 8 Megapixel - f/2.0 - autofocus - LED flash. Accelerometer - gyro - proximity - compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - Reviews Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: Display: Battery: Features: Performance: Usability: Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen) $320.00 View specs →. Motorola Defy Mini XT321 $160.00 View specs →. Motorola Moto E (2nd gen) $130.00 View specs →. New Arrivals Nokia 1 $70.00 Nokia 7 plus $400.00 Nokia 8 Sirocco $750.00 Nokia 8110 4G ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9. Categories Smartwatches 50 Tablets 231 Smartphones 2801. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy J2 $150.00 Huawei P9 Plus $450.00 BLU Energy M Huawei Enjoy 6s $250.00 HTC Desire 630 $190.00 XOLO Era 4K. 
Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). CPU : Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7. OS : Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - Specs. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L. 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Google Drive (50 GB cloud storage). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. 6 / 10 based on your selection. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) - Pictures. More Products from Motorola Phones. Motorola Moto X Play Dual SIM. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017). Nokia 6 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro. Apple iPhone 6 Plus vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Apple iPhone 6 vs Apple iPhone 7. Apple iPhone 7 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. © 2017 MainSpecs.com All Rights Reserved. Contact | Privacy | Terms | Sitemap. 
Mobiles Tablets Wearables Applications Games Themes Wallpapers Videos. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Overview. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Latest Themes. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Latest Games. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Latest Applications. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Latest Wallpapers. Compare Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) With Similar Mobile Phones. Post Your Comments on Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Features: 5.0" IPS LCD display, Snapdragon 400 chipset, 8 MP primary camera, 2 MP front camera, 2070 mAh battery, 16 GB storage, 1000 MB RAM, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Price: EUR: €200 | USD: $248 | PKR: 23,448 | INR: 15,978. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Rate It: User Rating: (Not Rated Yet). Overview Specifications Images Applications Games Themes Wallpapers. Also Known As Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Overview. , Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2014), Motorola Moto G2 Dual SIM, Motorola Moto G+1 Dual SIM. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) is Candybar, Touchscreen Android Smartphone from Motorola which runs on Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) is available in White, Black colors and 149 g (5.26 oz) of weight. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) has 5.0 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen display.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) is powered by Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU, Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 Chipset and Adreno 305 GPU along with 8/16 GB Storage and 1 GB RAM.. Additional features of Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) are Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) has GPRS, EDGE, 3G, WIFI, Bluetooth, GPS connectivity options on board. You can take pictures of your beloved ones from its 8 MP camera.. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Specification. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Unboxing & Review. View all Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Themes. View all Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Games. View all Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Applications. View all Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Wallpapers. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). (Not Rated Yet) 5 Stars (Outstanding) 4 Stars (Excellent) 3 Stars (Good) 2 Stars (Average) 1 Star (Poor). Reply to: Anonymous User 's comment. We are trying our best to provide you correct and updated information about Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) but we can not assure that all the details are absolutely correct on this page. If you find any mistake on this page then click here to inform us.. Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. All Manufacturers Android One Phones 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Rumored Phones SMS Screensavers Reviews Mobile Phone Prices Picture Messages. [Select Manufacturer] Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Copyrights © 2018 mobilesmspk. 
Encoding: Re-open Use Code Editor Close Save Changes. Warning : session_start(): Cannot send session cookie - headers already sent by (output started at /home3/umair/public_html/mobileproduct.php:6) in /home3/umair/public_html/header.php on line 2. Warning : session_start(): Cannot send session cache limiter - headers already sent (output started at /home3/umair/public_html/mobileproduct.php:6) in /home3/umair/public_html/header.php on line 2. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Android smartphone. Features 5.0″ IPS LCD display, Snapdragon 400 chipset, 8 MP primary camera, 2 MP front camera, 2070 mAh battery, 16 GB storage, 1000 MB RAM, Corning Gorilla Glass 3... Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Android smartphone. Features 5.0″ IPS LCD display, Snapdragon 400 chipset, 8 MP primary camera, 2 MP front camera, 2070 mAh battery, 16 GB storage, 1000 MB RAM, Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. Technology: GSM / HSPA: 2G bands: GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands: HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 Speed: HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes. Announced: 2014, September Status: Available. Dimensions: 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in) Weight: 149 g (5.26 oz) SIM: Dual SIM, (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Type: IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size: 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) Multitouch: Yes Protection: Corning Gorilla Glass 3. OS: Android 4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 CPU: Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU: Adreno 305. Card slot: microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) Internal: 8/16 GB, 1 GB RAM. Primary: 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash Features: Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama Video: 720p@30fps, stereo sound rec., HDR Secondary: 2 MP, f/2.2. Alert types: Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes, with stereo speakers 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth: 4.0, A2DP, LE, aptX GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Radio: FM radio USB: microUSB 2.0, USB Host. Sensors: Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging: SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser: HTML5 Java: No - Google Drive (50 GB cloud storage) - MP3/AAC+/WAV/Flac player - MP4/H.264 player - Photo viewer/editor - Document viewer - Voice memo/dial. Colors: White, Black Price: About 200 EUR. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud. exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea. commodo consequat.Duis aute irure dolor in. reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore. cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia. deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud. exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea. commodo consequat.Duis aute irure dolor in. reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore. cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia. deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.. Your Email Address will not be published. Home | About Us | Contact Us | Terms Of Use | Privacy Policy. 
Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels How Samsung's new Galaxy S9 compares to the Apple iPhone X Nokia CEO sees big 5G rollouts nearly a year ahead of schedule India to highlight 5G readiness, tech leadership at MWC. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Mar 8, 2016, 02.28PM IST. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day Delivered to your mailbox. Connect with us FOLLOWERS 1.5m FOLLOWERS 250k FOLLOWERS 35k. All Comments ( 0 ) + ^ Back to Top. Login from existing account Facebook Google Email. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter. Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.. Sort UpVoted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted. Be the first one to review.. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message. Top News Top tech news of the week (Feb 19 -23) 03:17 6 Samsung Galaxy S9 features that are missing in Apple iPhone X Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates. Smartron t.phone P review: A decent budget offering. Best Laptops with Intel 8th-gen Processor. For the latest Tech News, like us on Facebook. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2014). 1 Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) 2 Motorola MPx100 3 Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2014) 4 Motorola MPx 5 Motorola MOTOTV EX245 6 Motorola Moto G Dual SIM 7 Motorola MOTOSMART MIX XT550 8 Motorola MOTOKEY XT EX118 9 Motorola MOTOKEY Mini EX109 10 Motorola MOTOKEY Mini EX108. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Mobiles Tablets Wearables Applications Games Themes Wallpapers Videos. Motorola DROID Turbo vs Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola DROID Turbo vs Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Body Form Factor Candybar, Touchscreen Candybar, Touchscreen Dimensions 143.5 x 73.3 x 8.3 11.2 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in) Weight 169 g (5.96 oz) 149 g (5.26 oz) Colors Black Ballistic Nylon, Metallic Black, Metallic Red, Blue White, Black SIM Nano-SIM Dual SIM, (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Main Features Splash resistant Moto Display Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Display Type Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~565 ppi density) 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~70.9% screen-to-body ratio) 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio) Multitouch Yes Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Network 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 CDMA 800 / 1900 GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 CDMA2000 1xEV-DO HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 4G Network LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 13(700). Notifications Alert Types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Speaker Phone Yes Yes, with stereo speakers Memory Internal 32/64 GB ROM, 3 GB RAM 8/16 GB ROM, 1 GB RAM Card Slot microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) Connectivity GPRS Yes Yes EDGE Yes Yes Speed HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, LE, aptX 4.0, A2DP, LE, aptX USB microUSB 2.0 microUSB 2.0, USB Host Infrared Port Yes GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS NFC Yes. Camera Primary 21 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, dual-LED flash 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash Camera Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama Video 2160p@24fps, 1080p@30fps 720p@30fps, stereo sound rec., HDR Secondary 2 MP, 1080p 2 MP, f/2.2 Multimedia Audio Format Support MP3/WAV/eAAC+ MP3/AAC+/WAV/Flac Video Format Support MP4/H.265 MP4/H.264 Radio FM radio Software Operating System (OS) Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat) Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat) Upgradable Upgradable to v6.0 (Marshmallow) Upgradable to v5.0 (Lollipop) Browser HTML5 HTML5 Organizer Yes Yes Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Hardware Chipset Qualcomm APQ8084 Snapdragon 805 Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 CPU Quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450 Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Adreno 420 Adreno 305 Sensors Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Side / Additional Keys Volume keys, Power/Lock key Volume keys, Power/Lock key Audio Jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm Battery Battery Type Non-removable Li-Po 3900 mAh battery Non-removable Li-Ion 2070 mAh battery Standby Up to 675 h (3G) Talk Time Up to 48 h (3G) Additional Features Features Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0) Qi wireless charging Photo/video editor Document editor Google Drive (50 GB cloud storage) Photo viewer/editor Document viewer Voice memo/dial SAR US 1.39 W/kg (head) 0.50 W/kg (body). Compare Motorola DROID Turbo With Similar Mobile Phones. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. All Manufacturers Android One Phones 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Rumored Phones SMS Screensavers Reviews Mobile Phone Prices Picture Messages. [Select Manufacturer] Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Copyrights © 2018 mobilesmspk. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Usually ships within 2 to 3 days. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Cooper Cases(TM) Belt Clutch Universal Motorola Moto G Dual Sim 2nd gen / 3rd gen Smartphone Wallet Case in Black & Red (Belt Mount Strap; Credit Card/ID Slots, Slip Pocket; Dual-Tone Design). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Usually ships within 2 to 3 days.. Ships from and sold by Tablet2Cases .. Allview X1 Soul / X2 Soul Mini / Twin X2. Meizu M1 / M2 / MX3 / MX4. ZTE Star 1 / Star 2, Imperial II, V5 Lux. Sony Xperia M2 / M2 Aqua / M2 Dual / Z /.... Motorola Moto G 2nd gen / 3rd gen. Motorola Moto G Dual Sim 2nd gen / 3rd g.... LG G2 / G3 A / G3 S / G3 S Dual / G4 Bea.... ZTE Blade L2 / L3 / Q Maxi / S6 / Vec 3G.... Wiko Bloom 2, Highway Pure 4G/Star 4G, L.... HTC One/One Dual Sim/One Mini 2/One Remi.... Asus PadFone 2 (A68) / E (A68M) / S (PF5.... Huawei Honor 3C/3C 4G/3C Play/4C/4 Play/.... Xiaomi Mi 3 / Mi 4 / Mi 4 LTE / Mi 4i. Oppo Mirror 3 / 5 / 5s. BlackBerry Z3 / Z30 / Leap. Samsung Galaxy S4 Active / LTE-A. Intex Aqua 4G+, Power, Star 2 / L, Xtrem.... Motorola Moto G 4G 2nd gen / Dual Sim 2n.... Wiko Getaway, Highway /4G /Signs, Ridge .... Vodafone Smart 4 Power / Prime 6. QMobile Noir Z4 / Z7 / Z8 / Z8 Plus / Z9. Icemobile Gprime Extreme / Prime 5.0. Samsung Galaxy S5 / CDMA / LTE / Plus / .... NIU Andy 5EI / Andy 5T. Samsung ATIV SE / Galaxy A5 / Galaxy A5 .... Samsung Galaxy E5 / Grand / Grand Neo / .... BLU Studio C / C 5 + 5 / C 5 + 5 LTE. ZTE Nubia Z5S / Z7 Mini / Z9 Mini, Vital.... Gionee Ctrl V6, Gpad G1, Marathon M2 / M.... Gionee Elife E6 / E7 Mini / S5.1, Pionee.... Alcatel Pop C7 / Pop Icon / Pop S7 / Pix.... Xolo 8X-1020 / Cube 5.0 / Era / Win Q100.... QMobile Linq L15, Noir M90 / M300 / S1. Lava Iris Fuel 50, Pro 20/30/30+, X1 Gra.... LG L Bello/L Prime/L80 Dual Sim/AKA/Bell.... HTC Desire 510/516 Dual Sim/526/526G+ Du.... Microsoft Lumia 535 / Dual Sim, 540 Dual.... Huawei Ascend G610, G610S, G620s, G630, .... Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual Sim / LTE / LTE.... Nokia XL / XL Dual Sim / Lumia 830. Lenovo Vibe X S960 / Vibe X2 / Vibe Shot. ZTE Grand S / S Flex / X Quad V987 / X P.... Motorola Moto Maxx / Moto X 2014 / Moto .... Motorola Moto G (2014) /Dual Sim, Moto G.... Lenovo A3900 / A5000 / P70 / S60. Prestigio MultiPhone 5503 Duo / 5508 Duo.... BLU Life Play S / Pure, Vivo Air / Selfi.... BLU Studio Energy / Studio G / Studio X. Motorola DROID Maxx / Turbo / Ultra. Posh Orion Pro / Revel Pro / Titan HD. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime / Prime Duos .... Motorola Moto G Dual Sim 2nd gen / 3rd g.... Interior expandable pocket measures 3.5 x 0.6 x 5.7 inches (WDH) to fit a variety of the most popular smartphones, including Motorola Moto G Dual Sim 2nd gen / 3rd gen. Key feature is a snap-button strap that allows you to securely mount the case onto your pants belt for the added convenience of carrying the case on your hip. Extra cutout also built-in for attaching a lanyard or carabiner (not included).. Additional features include: 2 card slots and 1 ID slot w/ plastic window on the inside, and 1 external slip pocket for holding business cards or cash notes.. Made of premium, ultra-fine grain pleather material that offers a soft, comfortable grip. Retro-like dual-tone design provides some added style. Design of the phone compartment allows access to your device's audio-jack. So you can plug in earbuds (not included) while your phone is encased.. Next day delivery available with Express shipping (excl. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Size: Motorola Moto G Dual Sim 2nd gen / 3rd gen. 3.5 x 1 x 5.7 inches. 2.72 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 42% 4 star 8% 3 star 25% 2 star 17% 1 star 8%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 3.0 out of 5 stars Not sure about the quality.... Size: Motorola DROID Maxx / Turbo / Ultra | Color: Black / Red | Verified Purchase. I purchased this clutch in April and have been extremely pleased with it. My Droid Turbo fits it perfectly, there's just enough space for several credit cards and I love the red color! I'm giving it a 3 star rating because yesterday I saw that the inside seam that keeps the credit cards in is starting to come apart. I would have loved to return it and have a replacement sent, but it only had a 30 day return on it so I can't. At this point I don't know if the problems with my clutch are a glitch or if the product quality is just bad overall. My suggestion to anyone who orders this - keep an eye on that seam and if it comes apart, make sure you get it returned within 30 days.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Red and black case. Size: Motorola DROID Maxx / Turbo / Ultra | Color: Black / Red | Verified Purchase. Great case, very light to handle. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Size: Posh Orion Pro / Revel Pro / Titan HD | Color: Blue / Grey | Verified Purchase. Clip is flimsy at best and doesn't fit well. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars just not enough storage and not for easy, every day use. Size: Motorola DROID Maxx / Turbo / Ultra | Color: Grey / Purple | Verified Purchase. My phone fits in the case but it fits too snug and it is difficult to remove in time to answer a call. The slot for your license is difficult to put your license in and remove. Overall, just not enough storage and not for easy, every day use.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars The brown is not as orange as it looks in the picture. Size: 5" | Color: Brown / Grey. UPDATED: I have had this for less than a year and the inside card holder has opened up due to not being made well. There should be some kind of reinforcement on this part of the wallet because it is a stress point with the cards being slid in and out. Also, having this over time, I think the back snap is poorly made and overall the space would be better served as a coin holder. Not really something I would hang off my belt. The phone pocket is open on the sides so cannot securely hold coins. Also, there is no divider between where you can put the phone and any receipts or lose cash so find things falling out when I take out my phone. It is a great size and concept, but now know what to look for when I get another one. Previous Review: This little case took a long time to arrive, but looks like are shipping from within the US now - mine took 20 days to arrive. The case itself, although pleather is nice. The stitching is clean and the brown/grey is a nice color combination. The picture makes it appear almost orange, but it really is a nice golden brown color. In terms of the phone pocket, it has relatively open sides so the phone just slides in and if you want use a headphone, that would be no problem. I have a super old iPhone and it fits just fine, but I put a Motorola Droid in it and that works just as well. There is the back pocket/belt strap with a pretty sturdy snap on it; however, I found it hard to open and close. There is a very narrow pocket on this side, but I would not recommend putting anything in there that you need quick access to. I had to pull so hard on the back snap, I felt like the snap was going to pull away from the pleather. I worked it a little and it got better. I would suggest opening the snap from the side vs pulling on the strap up. The inside is nice and has a window pocket for an ID or photo pass It has a suede-like feel and matches the grey on the outside. The two additional card pockets could handle about 3 cards each with no difficulty getting cards in and out. They are shorter than the cards so you have somewhere to grab. This is true for the ID pocket also, which is a little odd, but not a big deal. The pocket behind the card slots is good for cash. There is not a good place to put coins. With 7 cards and a phone, I put a work ID badge in with my phone and tried to close the main snap. This is a different snap than the outside one and is much easier to snap/unsnap. With the volume of stuff I put in there though, it was too much, the thing popped open. There is the hole to add your own loop or carabiner, or perhaps a key chain. I don't quite understand putting the hole there with nothing in it, but it has a good solid grommet that could handle the abuse of a fairly large set of keys. There is also some room that you could attach a small keychain and drop a house key or car key into the main pocket with your phone to contain it, so that is an option. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good Hand Wallet for my Smartphone.. Size: 5" | Color: Brown / Grey. This is a simple, yet elegant hand wallet for ladies with a big smartphone pocket. The material is probably synthetic leather but it looks great. The design is two-tone so you have clothes combinations to use it with. The material is soft and flexible with fine stitching at the borders and and no threads left out. The wallet has 2 credit card cutout pockets and one ID pocket as you can see in the pic. There is a large pocket below the cutouts to store money, receipts, plane tickets or whatever you fancy. The smartphone pocket holds my phone (with cover) snug (a 5-inch screen Blue Advance 5.0) so I am really pleased that it satisfies its main purpose well. The smartphone pocket also allows for wired headphones to be plugged into the device – no obstruction. The external slip pocket is great for storing business cards or anything that fits like bills and receipts. It’s not bulky and rather simple but very functional. The only thing I might find missing per say is no RFID protection like so many wallets have these days. Other than that I’m pretty happy with it. I bought this hand wallet at a discount in exchange for my unbiased and honest review.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars One of the most handy items I own now.... Size: 5" | Color: Grey / Purple. This case is so cool! I can fit my whole phone, outer case and all, right inside and it has room for my ID, credit cards, hubby's ID, whatever I need. This case is perfect for anyone who is like us and likes trail riding or things of that nature because you can just snap it to your belt, belt loop or whatever you have available depending on what you're wearing of course, and you're good to go. Don't have to worry about extra purses, my husband doesn't need to worry about having his wallet on him, and it keeps everything together. Love it! Def going to show friends and family so they see how easy and convenient it is. **Had to drop to 2 stars. LOVED this item but not long after receiving it, the back snap broke in the middle of me showing my mom how cool it was. Couldn't do return or exchange bc was just barely beyond the time frame to do so. I don't hate this product, but I guess be mindful of the snapping strap on the back and be delicate with it. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars This was such an awesome little clutch case. Size: 5" | Color: Black / Red. This was such an awesome little clutch case. I was able to fit in my phone or my tablet, some money, ID and a credit card and be on my way. I was able to leave my purse locked up and just use this to carry around while I was on business. It has a nice sleek design. I happen to love the colors. My favorite colors and they match my car, bag and most of my accessories. Feel great to hold and it made traveling with my items a little easier. I received this product at a promotional price in exchange for my honest and true findings.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. I love this cell phone case. I was able to put all my id and cards and it remained closed. Has a lot more room that I thought. My only complaint is that ut toik 3 weeks to arrive. 5.0 out of 5 stars Cooper case belt clutch. I need you people to find me a case that fits my phone ,,,,Posh Titan HD 5.5 4g,,,,,,cause can't put phone next to anything magnetic HELP. 1.0 out of 5 stars need a case not a wallet,,,,,not supposed to have new phone net to anything. This phone case is so cute! I love the colors on it. I'm able to carry my phone, cards and money in this case. 5.0 out of 5 stars Love these colors. This Cooper Cases Belt Clutch is really nice. You can put your phone in it and carry your credit cards and cas with you. 5.0 out of 5 stars A stylish and useful clutch. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Electronics Cameras & Camcorders Camcorder Accessories Other Camcorder Accessories. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Charger Micro USB 2.0 Cable Kit by TruWire { Car Charger + 2 Micro USB Cable} True Digital Adaptive Fast Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging!. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. LIFETIME REPLACEMENT WARRANTY ***** SUPPORT AND MORE: Truwire offers a free lifetime replacement warranty for manufacturer defects and a full 30-day money-back guarantee for any reason. ADAPTIVE FAST CHARGER ***** With TrueWire Adaptive Fast Charger yo. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by e-Mart Direct. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Tell us if something is incorrect. LIFETIME REPLACEMENT WARRANTY ***** SUPPORT AND MORE: Truwire offers a free lifetime replacement warranty for manufacturer defects and a full 30-day money-back guarantee for any reason. ADAPTIVE FAST CHARGER ***** With TrueWire Adaptive Fast Charger yo. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283796838, DC-prod-dfw5, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Talibmobiles on Facebook. See more of Talibmobiles on Facebook. Shop number 12 Al madeev center Chock Kumhra (4,699.60 km) 60000 Multan. Places Multan Shopping & retail Mobile Phone Shop Talibmobiles. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 15 December 2017 ·. New stock available on Talib mobiles Shop number 12 Almdeev center chock kumhra wala Masoom shah road Multan 03216308815 🚛 🚛 🚛 🚛. · 26 September 2017 · Multan, Pakistan ·. Available box pack stock on Talib mobiles Shop number 12 Almdeev center chock kumhra wala Masoom shah road Multan 03216308815 Oppo.. F3 F1s A57 A71 A37 Samsung.. J7 pro J5 pro J7 prime J5 prime J7 16 J5 16 J2 Grand prim+ Huawei... P10 lite 6x Y7 prime Honor8 lite Y6 2 Y5 17 4G Y3 17 4g Y3 17 3g Y5 2 Y3 2 Q mobile... E2 E1 S6+ S6s S6 Energy x2 Energy x1 Evok power Evok power lite J1 Lt 550 Lt 500 pro Dual one I6 metal 17 I6 metal one I2 power I2 pro I8i Tab Q V9 Vgo tel mobile V8 v9 Nokia 3310 Htc 526 For rate call on 03045467757 Abu bakr........... · 31 August 2017 ·. لبیک الھم لبیک لبیک لا شریک لک لبیک ان الحمد والنعمت لک والملک لا شریک لک امت مسلمہ کو حج کا با برکت دن مبارک ھو. · 8 August 2017 ·. · 8 August 2017 ·. Talib Mobiles Shop number 79 in Almadeeve plaza chock kumhra has shifted to shop number 12 in the same plaza. Buy latest mobiles and tablets at best price. Enjoy the genuine mobiles shopping here. · 25 June 2017 ·. ‏میری طرف سےتمام اہل اسلام کوعیدکی بہت بہت مبارک! میری طرف سے ڈھیروں خوشیاں اور دعائیں آپ کے لئے اللہ آپ سب کا حامی و ناصر ہوں! Talib mobiles Shop number 79 Chock kumhra wala ... · 17 June 2017 ·. Pakistan vs India (Final) - Who will win the Match? - Answer the question with your country & city name. - Share post on your timeline. - Winner will get a surprise gift from Talib mobiles ... Shop number 79 Chock kumhra wala Almdeev center Multan. · 15 June 2017 ·. Who will win ICC champions trophy 2017 Like Comment Share. Win Samsung Galaxy On5 Talib mobiles Shop number 79 Chock kumhra wala Almdeev center Multan 03216308815. · 28 April 2017 ·. Available on Talib mobiles Shop number 79 Chock kumhra wala Almdeev center Multan ... 03216308815 Samsung On5 fingerprint rs15500 final Samsung J3 pro 13300 final Motorola' Turbo1 32gb Rs13000 final Motorola x 2nd Gan 32gb Rs 12500 Fina Lg g3 Rs 10500 final Lg g4 Rs 14000 Final I phone 5s 32gb Rs 19500 Final Samsung note3 dual Rs 17000 Final Moto x 1st gan 16gb Rs 8200.32gb Rs 9200 Final Htc 816 dual sim Rs 10500 Final Obi sf1 3gb dual sim Rs 11500 Final Samsung j5 2015 Rs 13500 Final At&T Treek 2Hd tablet 10500 final. Talibmobiles added 6 new photos .. · 19 April 2017 ·. Brand Name Kodak Model IM7 Announced Date January 2017. MEMORY Internal 16 GB Rom. Battery Model Li-Ion 2500 mAh Battery. DUAL SIM Card Single SIM+Micro-SIM 4G Yes, LTE band 2100. CAMERA Primary 13 MP Secondary 5 MP Camera Flash Yes, LED flash DUAL FLASH. Video Recording Yes, 1080P Camera Features Autofocus, Digital Zoom, Geo-tagging, Touch focus, Face detection MEMORY CARD SLOT. COLOURS IN BORDERS 1.ROSE GOLD 2.GOLDEN. New Box Pack Phone KODEK IM7 with All Accersseries And his Back Pouch COVER this is a same Back look of Motorola Moto Z Force i show in this Last Pic. NOTE: HOME DELIVERY AVAILABLE OVER ALL PAKISTAN. FOR ORDERS CLICK HERE : 📞 🎙 CONTACT NO : 03216308815 📞. · 5 April 2017 ·. # Silent_Circle_BlackPhone2_3GB_32GB_LTE # Original_Stock_NotRefurbished_Not_Korean. Price: Rs.13,999/- For Specs: http://m.gsmarena.com/blackphone_2_comes_at_mwc_2015_with_u… ... Talibmobiles added 5 new photos .. · 4 April 2017 ·. # BRAND_NEW # BOX_Pack # DUAL_SIM Call /Whatsapp 0321-6308815 # Obi # Worldphone SJ1.5 # Rs : 8,600 with 1 Week Replacement Warranty. # SPEC Android 5.1 1.3 Dual Quad Core Quadcore Processor (MT6580) 5.0 inch HD DISPLAY 1GB* Ram 16GB* Storage 8 Mega Pixel Camera* 5 Mega Pixel* Front Camera 3000 mah Battery Dual Sim (micro & nano) SD card option available. Talibmobiles added 3 new photos .. · 4 April 2017 ·. Samsung Galaxy Note-3Dual Sim Rs: 18,000/= (3GB+16GB). Call /Whatsapp 0321-6308815 with 1 Week Replacement Warranty. Talibmobiles added 4 new photos .. · 4 April 2017 ·. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Rs: 10,500/= (1GB+16GB). # SPEC Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) DISPLAY Size 5.0 inches (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio) Android OS, v5.0 Lolipop. MEMORY 16 GB + 1 GB RAM microSD, up to 32 GB CAMERA BACK 8 MP LED flash FRONT 2 MP BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 2070 mAh battery. Talibmobiles added 2 new photos .. · 27 March 2017 ·. 
Home City Guide Gadgets Mobile Phones Biz Directory Vehicles Media Appliances Sports more…. Laptops Tablets Digital Cameras Games Tv. Mobile Packages Nokia Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple Mobiles LG Mobiles HTC Mobiles Huawei Mobiles QMobile Motorola Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Infinix Mobiles. Celebrities Movies Television Live TV Channels. Air Conditioners Generators Refrigerators Grocery Items Kitchen Appliances. Recipes Health Names Videos. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android. 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flash. protected] , stereo sound rec., HDR. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, pan. 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. This is a Motorola Moto G Dual phone. It is an android and it has great featuers. It is very good looking phone for all ages with two colors Black and White.. There are no user reviews for this listing.. Already have an account? Log in now. You will be able to upload media right after you submit your review.. Latest Reviews No entries were found. 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Camera Mobile Phones Dual Sim Mobile Phones Memory Card Mobile Phones Micro Sim Mobile Phones Nano Sim Mobile Phones Single Sim Mobile Phones Wireless LAN Mobile Phones Upcoming Mobile Phones Selfie Mobile Phones Dual Core Mobile Phones Quad Core Mobile Phones Octa Core Mobile Phones 1GB RAM Mobile Phones 2GB RAM Mobile Phones 3GB RAM Mobile Phones 4GB RAM Mobile Phones 6GB RAM Mobile Phones. 5,000-10,000 10,000-15,000 15,000-20,000 20,000-25,000 25,000-30,000 30,000-35,000 35,000-45,000 45,000-50,000 50,000-55,000 55,000-60,000 60,000-65,000 65,000-70,000 70,000-75,000 75,000-80,000 85,000-90,000 90,000-95,000 95,000-100,000 100,000-105,000 +. Recent Blogs Actor Sridevi Dies At Age 54 In Dubai PSL 2018 Points Table – Current Team Standings & Rankings HBL PSL 2018 Official Anthem Song ”Dil Se Jaan Laga De”. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use. Home City Guide Media Mobile Prices Mobile Packages Gadgets Appliances Vehicles Names Health Biz Directory Sports Recipes Videos. 
Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Specs, Price, Release Date. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Price , Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Release Date , Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Specs. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) Specs:. 5.0 inch IPS Display @ 720 x 1280 pixels (294-ppi). 8/16 GB Internal Storage Up to 32 GB microSD. Android v4.4.4 (KitKat) upgradable to Android (Lollipop). 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (Dimension). Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Smart, Globe, Sun Cellular Prefix Numbers in the Philippines. Firefly Mobile Aurii Envy specs, price and release date. OnePlus 3 specs, price and release date in the Philippines. Cherry Mobile Price List as of June 2016. Cherry Mobile M1 specs, price and release date. nokia lumia 640 LTE philippines price my phone philippines myphone units mobile phones philippines price list Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Price in the Philippines cherry mobiles keypad best cellphone globe telecom gprs activate prices of nokia phones in the philippines globe mobile phone plan manila alltxt 10 promo smart TBEN. Sheena on Huawei Y635 Specs, Price, Release Date noel on Contact Us Robert on Contact Us Robert on Nokia Lumia 1320 Specs, price, Release date Irish on Choosing the best Cellphone Repair Center. cherry mobile philippines cherry mobile cherry mobile phones cherry mobile price list yhs-fullyhosted_003 yhs-fh_lsonsw globe plan samsung gtc3303k cherry mobile cell phone samsung cellphone pricelist philippines. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
Meizu m3 note vs Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Compare Meizu m3 note and Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). HSDPA 850, 900, 1900, 2100; TD-SCDMA. HSDPA 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). LTE, Cat6, 300 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Quad-core 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Quad-core 1.2 GHz ARM Cortex-A7. quad-core 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. Primary camera video stereo sound record. Compare Meizu m3 note vs vivo X20 Plus UD. Compare Meizu m3 note vs Sharp R1S. Compare Meizu m3 note vs Allview P8 Pro. Compare Meizu m3 note vs Haier I6. Compare Meizu m3 note vs Haier I8. Compare Meizu m3 note vs Texet TM-5581. Compare Meizu m3 note vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5. Compare Meizu m3 note vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) comparisons. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Wiko Fever SE comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Maxwest Gravity 5 LTE comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Wiko Lenny3 comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Plus comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Wiko Robby comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Oppo F1 Plus comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Wiko Sunny comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Wiko Tommy comparison. 
Huawei Y6 vs Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Compare Huawei Y6 and Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). HSDPA 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100. LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Quad-core 1.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A7. Quad-core 1.2 GHz ARM Cortex-A7. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. Primary camera video stereo sound record. Compare Huawei Y6 vs ZTE Blade V7 Plus. Compare Huawei Y6 vs vivo V7. Compare Huawei Y6 vs Wiko Sunny2. Compare Huawei Y6 vs Wileyfox Swift 2 X. Compare Huawei Y6 vs ZTE Grand X View 2. Compare Huawei Y6 vs Digma Vox S513 4G. Compare Huawei Y6 vs Wiko Sunny2 Plus. Compare Huawei Y6 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) comparisons. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs BLU Studio X8 HD comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Lenovo A6600 comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Coolpad Note 3 Lite comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs BLU Touch Book M7 comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Lenovo A6600 Plus comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Gionee Marathon M5 mini comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Gionee S6 Pro comparison. Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen) vs Lenovo C2 Power comparison. 
Motorola Moto G Dual SIM (2nd gen). 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flash. Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to Android L. 141.5 x 70.7 x 11 mm (5.57 x 2.78 x 0.43 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. admin on iPhone SE review: today’s tech, yesterday’s design. 
