Commercial Radios Batteries Two Way Radios. Pro Accessories Cell Phones Moto G Cell Phone Accessories Cell Phones Batteries Wearables Cordless Telephones. Pet Products Baby Monitors Barcode Scanners Package Deals Accessories. 1 - 7 of 7 Total. Featured Items Most Popular Price: Low to High Price: High to Low. Moto C (Black) - 16 GB. Factory Unlocked Dual Sim Mobile Phone. - 16 GB Internal (Up to 32 GB microSD Card Support). Moto G5 Plus - Lunar Gray. - CDMA / EVDO Rev A. - 650 MHz Adreno 506 GPU. - 2 GB/4 GB RAM Memory. - 32 GB/64 GB Internal (Up to 128 GB microSD Card Support). - 1920 x 1080 pixels Display Resolution. - 12 MegaPixel Dual Autofocus Main Camera. - Color Balancing Dual LED Flash. - 4K Ultra HD Video Capture (30 fps). - 8X Digital Zoom for Photos. - 4X Digital Zoom for Video. Compatible with Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, Republic Wireless & Consumer Cellular. 32 GB/Lunar Gray ($259.99) 64 GB/Lunar Gray ($334.95). Moto E4 Plus 16GB (Iron Gray). - 1280 x 720 pixel Display Resolution. Compatible with Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile & Sprint. Moto G5 Plus (Lunar Gray) - 32 GB. Factory Unlocked Dual Sim Mobile Phone. - CDMA / EVDO Rev A. - 650 MHz Adreno 506 GPU. - 32 GB/64 GB (Up to 128 GB microSD Card Support). - 1920 x 1080 pixels Display Resolution. - 12 MegaPixel Dual Autofocus Main Camera. - Color Balancing Dual LED Flash. - 4K Ultra HD Video Capture (30 fps). - 8X Digital Zoom for Photos. - 4X Digital Zoom for Video. Compatible with Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, Republic Wireless & Consumer Cellular. Moto G5 (Gold) - 16 GB. Factory Unlocked Dual Sim Mobile Phone. - 450 MHz Adreno 505 GPU. - 2 GB, 3 GB RAM Memory. - 16 GB Internal (Up to 128 GB microSD Card Support). - 1920 x 1080 pixels Display Resolution. - Color Balancing Dual LED Flash. - 8X Digital Zoom for Photos. - 4X Digital Zoom for Video. Moto C Plus (Black) - 16 GB. Factory Unlocked Dual Sim Mobile Phone. - 1 GB / 2 GB RAM Memory. - 16 GB Internal (Up to 32 GB microSD Card Support). - 8 MegaPixel Auto Focus Main Camera. - 2.0 MegaPixel Front Camera. - 3780 mAh-4000 mAh Battery Capacity. - Up to 30 hours of Battery Life. Moto E4 Plus (Iron Grey) - 16 GB. Factory Unlocked Dual Sim Mobile Phone. - MT6737 ARM Mali T720 MP1 650 MHz Processor. - 1280 x 720 pixel Display Resolution. - 720p (30fps) MPEG4 Video Capture. "MAP Price" stands for "Minimum Advertised Price" which means that we are not allowed to advertise some of the actual prices we sell for because they may be below the manufacturers Minimum Advertised Price.. In these cases you can simply click on the "add to cart" button to see our price. Please note that clicking on the "add to cart" button only places the item in your "shopping cart" there is no obligation to buy unless you complete the ordering process. At Factory Outlet Store we always strive to provide our customers with value. We believe that our combination of price, knowledge and customer service is the best that you will find anywhere.. All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.. Disclaimer : FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2018 Privacy Policy. As an email member, look forward to:. Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now. Free same day shipping on all orders. All discounts are being applied sitewide.. *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.. Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide. you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available. Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor. your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system.. don't email me any more offers. Join now to receive special offers and promotions. All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.. Thank you for signing up!. As an email member, look forward to:. Search for typos and double-check your spelling. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300). 145.5 x 73.6 x 9 mm (5.73 x 2.90 x 0.35 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~64.3% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~196 ppi density). 8 GB, 1 GB RAM - 3G model 16 GB, 1 GB RAM - LTE model. 5 MP (1.4 µm), LED flash. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Motorola Moto C - user opinions and reviews. What type of charger connection is it for this phone ?. i read your comment about moto c phone... what do you mean about the screen of your phone dont response?. How to delete tha phone contact number?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 LG K4 (2017) alcatel U5 Motorola Moto E (2nd gen) Nokia 2. Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G6 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Motorola Moto C. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Motorola Moto C smartphone was launched in May 2017. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 854 pixels at a PPI of 196 pixels per inch. Motorola Moto C price in India starts from Rs. The Motorola Moto C is powered by 1.1GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737M processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto C packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto C runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 2350mAh removable battery. It measures 145.50 x 73.60 x 9.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 154.00 grams. The Motorola Moto C is a dual SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Headphones, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Accelerometer.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Moto C, Moto E4, Lenovo K8 Note Available With Rs. Moto C With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. Moto C, Moto C Plus With Front Flash and Android 7.0 Nougat Launched. Moto C, Moto C Plus, Moto Z2 Force Leaked in Videos; Moto E4, Moto E4 Plus Leaked in Images. More Motorola mobiles Motorola mobiles price in India. Motorola Moto C Price in India Moto C (Starry Black, 16GB) Rs. 5,099 Moto C (Pearl White, 16GB) Rs. Release date May 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 145.50 x 73.60 x 9.00 Weight (g) 154.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2350 Removable battery Yes Colours Metallic Cherry, Pearl White, Fine Gold, Starry Black. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x854 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 196. Processor 1.1GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek MT6737M RAM 1GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 5-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 2-megapixel Front Flash LED. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones Yes FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor No Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Motorola Moto C. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Moto C, Moto E4, Lenovo K8 Note Available With Rs. Moto C With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. Moto C, Moto C Plus With Front Flash and Android 7.0 Nougat Launched. Moto C, Moto C Plus, Moto Z2 Force Leaked in Videos; Moto E4, Moto E4 Plus Leaked in Images. Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto M2 Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Droid Maxx 2 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style Motorola Moto G (Gen 3) Motorola Moto Turbo Motorola Moto E (Gen 2) 4G. Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Xiaomi Mi 5 Motorola Moto C vs. Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto C vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Lenovo P2 Motorola Moto C vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4 Xiaomi Redmi 5a vs. Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto C vs. Alcatel Shine Lite Motorola Moto C vs. Motorola Moto G 4g Motorola Moto C Plus vs. Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto C vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Motorola Moto C in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Jun 2, 2017. View all photos (10). Large camera sensor pixel size (1.4 μm). Does not support automatic screen brightness. Lacks a proximity sensor that turns the display оff during a phone call. Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (196 ppi). The Moto C runs Android 7 Nougat, and sports 5-inch display with 854 x 480 pixels resolution. The device is powered by quad-core MediaTek processor, and features LTE connectivity. The Moto C also offers 1 GB of RAM, 16 GB of expandable internal memory, and a 2350 mAh battery. As for cameras, the handset has a 5 MP rear one, and a 2 MP front-facing one, both with LED flashes.. Dimensions: 5.73 x 2.90 x 0.35 inches (145.5 x 73.6 x 9 mm). Weight: 5.43 oz (154 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 480 x 854 pixels. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Flash, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Quad-core, 1100 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 15 May 2017. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Motorola Moto C (Dual SIM). Motorola Moto C (3G Only). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Motorola Moto C specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Motorola releases the budget priced Moto C in India. Budget-friendly Moto C and Moto C Plus officially introduced, prices start at €89. Moto alphabetical road map surfaces during presentation. Seven Moto devices receive their Wi-Fi certification; all seven are powered by the MT6737 SoC. Entry-level Moto C receives its Bluetooth certification. Motorola Moto Z2 Force leaks out alongside the Moto E4 and Moto C series. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
With IP68-rated water-resistant design, moto x⁴ is protected inside and out.. Shop new moto style shells, now in Vibrant CorningⓇ GorillaⓇ Glass designs.. All Moto 360 software and apps. Phones Phones Moto Z Family. Moto Mods Moto Mods Shop all Moto Mods. Special Offers Special Offers Special offers. Software Software Moto software and apps. All Moto 360 software and apps. Community Community Register for updates. Get Help Get Help Product support. go ahead, sing in the rain. Smart Speaker with Amazon Alexa free with moto z² force edition. Everything you love about a Polaroid camera, right from your phone.. Stay unplugged for up to 2 days § with moto e 4 plus. Up to $40 off ***. Freshen up your moto z with moto style shells. Now in damage-resistant Vibrant Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass designs.. Mobile experiences as unique as you. Say hello to unlimited possibilities , features innovated to simplify your life, and always free shipping on orders over $75. 5.5” HD display, metal design, and water-repellent coating**. Up to 2-day battery with blazing fast turbopower™ charging§. Fingerprint sensor and quad-core processor with 4G speed. Advanced dual 13 MP rear cameras. Vivid colors and details on an impressive full HD display. 30-hour battery§ + moto turbopower™ charging. Our first camera combining laser autofocus and dual autofocus pixels. MOTOROLA, the Stylized M Logo, MOTO and the MOTO family of marks are trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC. LENOVO is a trademark of Lenovo. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All mobile phones are designed and manufactured by Motorola Mobility LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lenovo.. * Buy a new Moto Z2 Force Edition from authorized resellers between January 21, 2018 (January 25, 2018 for Verizon corporate locations) and February 25, 2018 and receive a Moto Smart Speaker with Amazon Alexa and 2 months of Amazon Music Unlimited Family Plan. Redemption is available online, or in select stores, while supplies last. In Verizon corporate locations, Gift with Purchase requires the purchase of the Moto Mod, the cost of which is returned in the form of a prepaid Visa card. Limit one Moto ModTM per Moto Z2 Force Edition purchased. May not be combined with any other Motorola promotional offers. Offer subject to additional Terms and Conditions, which vary by carrier, learn more here. Amazon, Alexa, and all related logos and motion marks are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. † A Daydream-ready headset and controller is required. § All battery life claims are approximate and based on a standard mixed use profile. The mixed use profile is based on Motorola devices on major 4G LTE networks with excellent coverage and includes both usage and standby time. Out-of-box settings are applied to the mixed use profile to project battery performance. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, and voice, data, and other application usage patterns.. ‡ Liquid damage not covered under warranty. Water, splash and dust resistance were tested to IP68 standards under controlled laboratory conditions. Resistance will decrease as a result of normal wear. Not designed to work while submerged underwater. Do not expose to pressurized water, or liquids other than fresh water. Do not attempt to charge a wet phone.. ** Advanced nanocoating technology creates a water-repellent barrier to help protect against moderate exposure to water such as accidental spills, splashes, or light rain. Not designed to be submersed in water, or exposed to pressurized water, or other liquids. moto x 4 for $399.99 $299.99 from Feb. CT to March 3, 2018 at 11:59 p.m. *** Add moto e 4 plus (unlocked version only) to your cart and take $30 off 16GB; $40 off 32GB. CT through March 3, 2018 at 11:59 p.m. Offer not valid on moto e 4 .. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Ultracheap Moto C and C Plus will land this 'spring'. The phones come with Android 7 Nougat and have a 2-megapixel camera with a selfie flash.. by May 15, 2017 9:43 AM PDT. Moto C specs 5-inch display with 854x480-pixel resolution Android 7.0 Nougat 5-megapixel camera with fixed focus and LED flash 2-megapixel front-facing camera with flash 1.3GHz quad-core processor (32-bit) 2,350mAh removable(!) battery 3G or 4G options 8GB storage MicroSD card up to 32GB 1GB RAM Dual-SIM (microSIM) for select countries Colors: Metallic cherry, pearl white, fine gold, starry black. The Moto C has a 5-megapixel rear camera.. The most important thing to know about the Moto C and C Plus , it seems, is that the phones are cheap. Motorola's Moto C starts at 89 euros (which converts to $98, £76 and AU$132), and the more advanced C Plus begins at 119 euros (that coverts to $131, £101 and AU$176).. With prices this low, you're looking at hardware and software basics.. The Moto C and C Plus will both arrive in "spring" to European, Latin American and Asia Pacific countries, according to Motorola.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Call FREE 0800 049 6250. All pay as you go phones. SIM free phones with SIM offers. The following items have been added to the basket:. By using this site, you agree we can set and use cookies.. For more details about cookies and how to disable them,. To view this video, please install the latest version of Adobe Flash Player.. Enter place or postcode to view stock in store. UH OH ! We're sorry, We are unable to find stores for your postcode.. Looking for Pay as you go. "With a bold, colourful design, the Moto C stands out in the crowd. This affordable smartphone comes with a great camera and bright 5-inch screen.". “The Moto C may not offer all the bells and whistles of the top-end smartphones, but it’s great value means it’s the perfect first smartphone.”. Find out more about the Moto C’s build. The Moto C has a micro-textured rear cover, which not only looks great, but gives you a good grip too.. On the front of the smartphone you’ll find a vivid 5-inch display. You’ll see loads of detail in your videos and photos, and enjoy a huge range of bright colours.. Discover the Moto C’s two cameras. The main camera lens is housed inside a slightly raised disk on the back of the phone. And with the bright LED flash, you’ll be able to capture photos no matter what time of day it is.. It’s always time for a selfie. The 2MP front-facing lens also has its own accompanying flash, so when it’s time to put yourself in the frame, you know your snaps will come out bright and clear.. What’s going on inside the Moto C?. The Moto C has a large 2,350mAh battery on board, which will keep you going when you’re out and about. If you do find yourself running low on charge, however, you can swap it out for a fresh power pack with just a click.. When it comes to operating systems, you’re in good hands with Android. Google’s home-grown platform is the most popular mobile OS in the world, and the Moto C runs on the most up to date version, Android Nougat.. 145.5 x 73.6 x 9 mm. Moto C Reviews - page 2. Rated 1 out of. Bought his phone as a back up and it's absolute rubbish. The battery dies within a blink of an eye and the operating system is worse than useless, Going back to windows phones.. Rated 1 out of. I bought this phone to use on my travels but it is the worst phone I've ever bought. It's less than a month and the battery dies very quickly. It takes a whole day to charge to full capacity. The touches do not respond fast enough and the keypads write whatever they like!!!. Rated 5 out of. so cheap its amazing whattech can do for u these days. Rated 2 out of. poor resolution,its beyond bad thats all is wrong sadly,going back sorry for exchange.. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new smartphones, we will bring it and give you. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high streets so you can compare more deals. Your default store Remove. terms and condition for notify me goes here e.g Your email will. only be used to stiffly you when the product is back in stock.. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it. and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new. smartphones, we will bring it and give you � 20. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour. timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to. 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high. streets so you can compare more deals. Monday - Friday: 8am - 10pm. The Carphone Warehouse Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered Office: 1 Portal Way, London W3 6RS, Registered in England No. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Motorola Moto C: Características y especificaciones. El Motorola Moto C es el smartphone más básico de Motorola para este año. El Moto C cuenta con una pantalla FWVGA de 5 pulgadas, procesador quad-core, 1GB de RAM, 16GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara principal de 5 MP de foco fijo, cámara frontal de 2 MP con flash LED, batería de 2350 mAh, variantes con solo 3G o LTE y Android 7.0 Nougat.. Motorola Moto C Características principales. Android 7.0 es el sistema operativo del Motorola Moto C. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 9 mm. y un peso de 154 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Motorola Moto C tiene una pantalla de 5" con una resolución de 480 x 854 pixels.. Dentro del Motorola Moto C encontramos un procesador MediaTek MT6737M 1.1GHz, acompañado de 1GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 16GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Motorola Moto C tiene una resolución de 5 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 2350 mAh. .El Motorola Moto C también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5", 480 x 854 pixels Procesador MediaTek MT6737M 1.1GHz 1GB RAM. 16GB, microSD Cámara: 5 MP. OS: Android 7.0 Perfil: 9 mm Peso: 154 g. Reviews de usuarios del Motorola Moto C. basado en 1 experiencias. Cámara de baja resolución (5MP) Poca memoria RAM (1GB) Baja densidad de pixels (196ppi). Motorola Moto C características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Motorola Moto C. Opina sobre el Motorola Moto C. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300)(solo versión LTE). 145.5 x 73.6 x 9 mm. 480 x 854 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 16GB memoria interna, 1GB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6737M quad-core 1.1GHz. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. 5 MP, flash LED, geo-tagging, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP, flash LED. - GPS con soporte A-GPS, GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. Opiniones y Comentarios Motorola Moto C. Hay 33 opiniones del Motorola Moto C .. Compre este celular hace menos de una semana me dijeron que hacía menos de 3meses salió al mercado y Vi que está del año pasado como es hace cuánto salió?. Es un equipo de sorprendentes especificaciones para su bajo precio. Pantalla de 5 pulgadas, flash frontal, android 7, y buena velocidad. Memoria de 8 GB expandible a 40 y batería extraible, a diferencia de la mayoría de motorolas previos, cuya batería es interna. Es un equipo ideal para el trabajo, para quienes no queremos invertir mucho, pero si requerimos un equipo funcional y con buena velocidad. Bueno, y no olvidar la duración de la batería, vengo de equipos cuya batería era un dolor de cabeza, la batería de mi moto c me dura el día entero sin problema, y cuando el consumo de energía es menor me dura hasta día y medio o 2 días.. Nadamas tiene 8GB de almacenamiento interno. Mejor pasarse a un Huawei por $1000 más.. 4 día de prueba en tres lo estoy cambiando.. Muy buen equipo a precio económico. Por supuesto si quieren algo mejor gasten 10 veces el valor de mercado del Motorola C. muy buen celular de gama baja no se le pide mucho, trabaja bien a mi hijo le gusta mucho el cel no se traba ni nada. solo quiero agregar que ay un error porque no tiene 16gb sino 8gb. Es un buen telefono, economico y cumple con lo basico. Perfecto si lo que buscas es comunicacion en redes sociales y algunas herramientas basicas como edicion de documentos. Si buscas un telefono para hacer fotografias magistrales y/o jugar juegos que exigen grandes prestaciones este no es el telefono para ti.. Es un teléfono de gama muy baja. No se puede instalar una brújula de la playa store porque no tiene sensor magnético. Creo que puedes comprar algo mucho mejor por ese precio.. Hola estoy pensando en conprarle este telefono a mi mujer queria saber si es bueno o es una poronga? Porfavor contesten. Hola me podrían decir si le moto c plus con 2gb de ram es rápido con juegos pesados como modern combat 5 y si no es rápido me pueden recomendar un celular al mismo precio. Ver todas las Opiniones del Motorola Moto C - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 33. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Motorola Moto C. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Motorola Moto C. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Motorola Moto C a otros usuarios. Motorola Moto C y Moto C Plus anunciados oficialmente. Motorola Moto C y Motorola Moto C Plus serán el primer eslabón del mercado de Lenovo. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm. Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Motorola / Motorola Moto C Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 6.7 Expert Score 3.8 5581 Ratings 6 Questions & Answers. The Motorola Moto C runs. Other variant of this mobile is Moto C Plus. It has a 5MP rear camera. and a 2MP front-facing camera with an LED flash. It has 16GB internal storage. expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include dual-SIM, 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS, and a microUSB v2.0 port. The device is powered by a 2,350 mAh Li-Ion battery .. Best Price: ₹ 5,099. Key Specifications MT6737M processor 1GB RAM 16GB internal storage 2350 mAh battery 5 M.Pixels rear & 2 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat). Earn ₹39 cashback on this product. (Not applicable for purchases in Amazon) i Sign up. Motorola Moto C Price in India. Motorola Moto C Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Motorola Moto C is at Shopclues, which is 13% less than the cost of Moto C at Croma (Rs. Motorola Moto C: Pros & Cons. Small and Compact Bad Stuff Poor outdoor visibility Slow performance Low battery life. Motorola has gained quite a lot of attraction from Indian customers due to its rugged build quality and its software experience. Motorola has learned that it's quite successful in Indian market with budget phones rather than high-end phones. Therefore, Motorola has launched its Moto C to compete against Xiaomi’s Redmi 4A.. The Moto C being a budget device comes with an FWVGA resolution in a 5-inch screen estate. The Moto C’s display uses an IPS unit to reduce colour shift while viewing from extreme angles. The Moto C’s primary camera is a 5-megapixel unit with LED flash and autofocus. The secondary camera on the Moto C is a typical 2-megapixel unit with an LED flash for better selfies and video calling.. The Moto C is powered by an quad-core MediaTek MT6737M processor clocked at 1.1GHz.. Motorola choose to use a 64-bit processor instead of a 32-bit for better performance. The 4G connectivity variant of the device comes with a 64-bit chipset. The device comes with 1GB of RAM and a rather low 16GB of storage.. The Moto C comes pre-loaded with the Android’s latest 7.0 Nougat OS. The device will come with the same smooth and bloatware-free software experience for which Motorola is known.. To power the efficient hardware, Motorola has gone with a 2,350mAh non-removable battery; it can be charged through microUSB port on the Moto C’s bottom. The Moto C still uses the microUSB v2.0 port instead of a Type-C port. The Moto C uses dual-SIM 4G/3G, Wi-Fi b/g/n, and GPS for wireless connectivity.. Motorola Moto C Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 480x854 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 294 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Design and Build Dimensions 5.7 x 2.9 x 0.3 inches Weight 154 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Camera Rear Flash Yes Selfie Flash Yes Primary 5 M.Pixels Front 2 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 16GB RAM 1GB Expandable MicroSD, 64GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 2350 mAh Turbo Charge No Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB MicroUSB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant MT6737M Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.1 GHz Make Mediatek Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Does it have a proximity sensor?. No, it doesn't have a proximity sensor.. Does it have a fingerprint sensor?. No, it doesn't have a fingerprint sensor.. No, it doesn't support 4G VOLTE. Does it support OTG or not?. Yes, it has a wifi feature. User Reviews of Motorola Moto C. 1 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Motorola mobile price list in India. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus price (Rs. Honor 9 Lite price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Motorola Moto C. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite: Price in India, Specifications and Features Comparison. Not too long ago most reviewers and tech enthusiasts never advised their friends and acquaintances to buy an entry-level Android smartphone Most handsets priced under the Rs7000 mark were notorious for being slow and of low quality It was advisable to save some more money and get a slightly hig. Why the Redmi 4 beats all other phones in its class. The Redmi 4 from Xiaomi was launched in May this year six months after the mighty Mi Note 4 As a junior version of the flagship phone the Redmi 4 was still beating out the competition including phones from Korean phone maker Samsung The phone was an instant favourite with Indian buyers who we. Motorola Moto C Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Motorola Moto C was obtained on 26th February 2018 14:56:06 The Motorola Moto C is available in Amazon, Croma, Ebay, Flipkart, Gadgets360, Gadgetsnow, Shopclues, Tatacliq The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Motorola Moto C online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Motorola Moto C is available in Black, White colours across various online stores in India.. Motorola Moto C Price in India is Rs. 5,249 as on 26th February 2018 14:56:06. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
SIM Only SIM Samsung Galaxy S7 black Apple iPhone 7 32GB black Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge black Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus black Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus rose pink Apple iPhone 7 32GB rose gold Samsung Galaxy S8 black Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge gold Samsung Galaxy S8 grey. Cheap and cheerful are the order of the day in our Motorola Moto C review. The Moto C will go on sale in the UK for around £80.. There is also a Moto C Plus family member that will go on sale for around £100. The extra money gives you a better screen resolution, camera resolution and significantly higher battery capacity, although it is heavier than the Moto C. So, it really is time to weigh up which cheap Moto phone is for you.. The Motorola Moto C has a 5” display with FWVGA resolution (480 x 854 pixels). This means that the phone is really aimed at those who aren’t wanting to play HD movies or immerse themselves in graphically orientated gaming. The Moto C Plus has HD resolution, so jump on over there if screen resolution is critically important to you.. Fill in the form and be the first to know when the Motorola Moto C is released .. The design is curvaceous and the micro-textured back cover, along with the large camera array and Moto ‘M’ logo, adds a pinch of design flair. The colours of Fine Gold, Metallic Cherry, Pearl White or Starry Black have more matte characteristics, so the Moto C family can be owned by older users too.. The Moto C is 9mm thick and weighs in at 154g, which isn’t heavy at all. This Motorola phone is powered by a MediaTek quad-core 1.1GHz processor with 1GB RAM, once again confirming that it is not a gamers phone.. The Moto C has a 16GB memory and this can be used to transfer over a good number of photos, videos, contacts and so on, from an smartphone or iPhone. Should the need arise, then the microSD card slot can be used to boost the memory. The Moto C is configured to work with microSD cards that have a value of up to 32GB.. New: Essential PH-1 review. For security, you can set up a PIN, password or pattern.. The Moto C has Google’s latest Android 7.0 Nougat OS and this allows you to run multiple apps at the same time.. New: Moto E4 review. Google apps come pre-loaded so apps such as the Chrome browser, Maps, Gmail and YouTube are all only a tap away.. The Moto C has a 5MP camera with a LED flash for the evenings and into the night. The 74-degrees lens captures most of the action and you can get better results by exploring the camera features, which includes Burst Mode, Panorama, HDR and Beautification.. If you wish to record video then this can be done at 720p (HD) quality at a rate of 30 frames per second. There is a 2MP portrait camera with a Selfie light and this lens has a 63-degrees field of vision.. The Moto C has a 2,350mAh battery. The Moto C Plus has a 4,000mAh battery, so if really long standby times are desired, then once again you should check out our Moto C Plus review.. Next: Motorola Moto Z2 Play review. 500 MB data. 1 GB data. 500 MB data. Reviewed on 01/06/2015 by Michael Brown. Apple iPhone SE 16GB space grey. Reviewed on 22/03/2016 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 28/02/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 16/08/2016 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 29/03/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 22/05/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 28/08/2017 by Michael Brown. Google Pixel 2 XL 64GB black. Reviewed on 11/10/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 13/11/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 28/12/2017 by Michael Brown. Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest deals. Mobilephones.com Unit 2 The Pavilions, Cranmore Drive, Solihull, West Midlands, B90 4SB. Mobilephones.com Unit 2 The Pavilions Cranmore Drive Solihull West Midlands B90 4SB. Copyright © 2013 - 2018 Mobilephones.com Ltd., all rights reserved.. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Motorola Moto C currently has an Informr score of 7.7 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 1. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. Really, Lenovo has managed to produce a good electronic device in the low-budget segment... if only it were not for the display. For us, the surprisingly good camera (despite fixed focus), the good audio features for this price class, the long battery runtime and high flexibility thanks to Dual-SIM.... Motorola released the Moto C on June 7, 2017.. The Moto C price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Motorola Moto C prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Moto C manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Motorola Moto C user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Motorola backs up the Moto C with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Moto C has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Motorola support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Motorola's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Motorola Moto C's screen size is 5 inches with 480 x 854 pixels resolution.. There is a MediaTek MT6737M Quad core 1.1 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 5+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 2+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium Polymer (Li-Pol), 2350 mAh battery. Motorola 's performance ratings are 1 minutes.. MediaTek MT6737M Quad core 1.1 GHz. Starry Black, Fine Gold, Metallic Cherry, Pearl White. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.6 x 7.4 x 0.9 cm (5.8 x 2.9 x 0.4 in). MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB). 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. HD (1280 x 720 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Manual (PDF) Motorola Moto C Reviews Where to buy Motorola Moto C. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 2100/800/850/900 /1800/2600/2300 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Motorola Moto C. Choice of material and workmanship are good for an entry-level device. Really, Lenovo has managed to produce a good electronic device in the low-budget segment... if only it were not for the display. For us, the surprisingly good camera (despite fixed focus), the good audio features for this price class, the long battery runtime and high flexibility thanks to Dual-S... Really, Lenovo has managed to produce a good electronic device in the low-budget segment... if only it were not for the display. For us, the surprisingly good camera (despite fixed focus), the good audio features for this price class, the long battery runtime and high flexibility thanks to Dual-SIM functionality, the SD card slot and exchangeable battery still cannot make up for the bad TFT panel and its resolution. The design combined with the bad display-to-surface ratio and the choice of material are a matter of taste, but workmanship is good.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Motorola Moto C & C Plus New Smartphones 2017. Motorola Moto C Unboxing & Hands on. Motorola moto C unboxing and hands on. Motorola Moto C Smartphone, Motorola Moto C Specifications, & More. Lenovo | Motorola Moto C Unboxing & Hands on. How install twrp and root for motorola moto c xt1750. Bypass Frp Motorola moto C XT1754. Motorola Moto C, Moto C Plus with Android Nougat 7.0 launched. Hard reset Motorola Moto C 4G. Motorola Moto C Smartphone Review 2017. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Google HTC Huawei LG Microsoft Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony Vodafone Wileyfox. Less than 4 inches 4 - 5 inches More than 5 inches. 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013. Motorola phones Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Conclusion - not bad for a cheap phone. 5 megapixel fixed focus camera with LED flash and HDR mode, 720p HD video recording. 2 megapixel front camera with LED flash. Display: 5 inches, 480 x 854 pixels. Connectivity: Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, micro-USB 2.0, 3.5mm audio jack. Processor: MediaTek MT6580m 64-bit quad-core 1.1GHz. Memory: 1GB RAM, 16GB built-in storage plus microSD card slot. Size: 146 x 74 x 9 mm. Ask a question Your name: Your country:. Your name: Your country: Rating: 5 stars (outstanding) 4 stars (excellent) 3 stars (good) 2 stars (average) 1 star (poor). In a nutshell: The Motorola Moto C is one of the cheapest smartphones you can buy, and if you're looking to spend under £100, then this is as good a choice as any. Don't expect it to be anything more than a very basic phone, and you won't be disappointed.. Today's best buy: Motorola Moto C from iD Mobile (£0.00). Smartphones don't really come any cheaper than the Motorola Moto C, so it's no surprise to find that it has the look of a toy phone, with a simple plastic body and a removable back cover. It's not particularly slim or lightweight, but most people will find it to be inoffensive. It's the kind of phone that won't give you palpitations if you accidentally drop it.. The phone comes in a choice of Black, Gold or Metallic Cherry.. The screen is a good size for a budget phone, measuring 5 inches diagonally. Unfortunately it's a particularly low-end display, with a 480 x 854 pixel resolution giving a blocky pixel density of just 196 ppi.. The phone runs the latest Android 7.0, which is good news. But the processor is underpowered, running at just 1.1GHz, which in modern terms translates as, "Hang on, I'll be with you in a minute." And with just 1GB of RAM available, you'll be stumbling through tasks like a snail.. The 16GB of flash memory is more than many other budget phones have, and that definitely swings the balance in favour of the Moto C. You can add extra memory with a microSD card too, for storing photos, videos and music.. You get front and rear cameras on the Moto C. Both come with an LED flash and HDR mode, but they're both fixed focus, so you can forget about capturing sharp shots. With 5 megapixels on the rear and 2 megapixels in front, the cameras are suitable for grabbing quick snaps only. The rear camera can also capture video clips.. The phone includes support for 4G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, micro USB and a 3.5mm headphone jack.. The battery in the Moto C is a relatively small 2350 mAh, but don't let that worry you. The low power demands of the device mean that it'll probably give you 1-2 days between charges.. With a phone costing a little over £50, we can't expect much. The Moto C has all the basics covered, but it gives you little more than the minimum. It's best feature is probably the 16GB of memory, which is more than phones like the Samsung Galaxy J1 or LG K4 offer.. In fact, for the price, it's hard to find anything we'd rather own. The Samsung Galaxy J3 is a much better phone, but it costs quite a bit more.. Motorola Moto C UK SIM-Free .... Motorola Moto C UK SIM-Free .... Got a question? This is the place to ask it!. Please don't ask a question that has already been asked. Give additional information so that other people can understand and answer your question:. never had a modern phone like this before so am struggling to do. Love this product? Hate it? Please share your experiences to help other people choose the product that's best for them. Please do not review this product if you have not used it, and please ask questions in our User Questions section above. Please do not use swear words or offensive language, and please, no advertising!. Missing text messages , awful camera ,. clock that like the rest of the phone , doesn't work. I find this phone so easy to use, basic but does what it says on the. tin! I'm not one for always having a phone in my hand so if that's you. I'm 50+ and like everything about it,. except sometimes I find my photos are a little blurry which I am. Same problems with messages missing and the. clock....may as well not bother as missed train because time froze.. After my s6 died just after going SIM. only I needed to get a phone. Whilst realising that at 80 quid I. wasn't going to be getting a top spec phone I did expect it to do the. I have had calls I can't answer as the screen froze, countless. times people have shown me the text they sent the me which had gone. missing never to be seen again. I woke up late for work as the alarm. don't go off with my phone still showing the time as 22.15 from the. And then today, whilst on charge, the battery went from. 35% to dead in about 2 minutes and took me 1/2 hour to get enough. charge in into turn it back on. enough not to buy this phone. Best 55 inch TV of 2017 Best smartphone under £200 (2017) Mobile phone unlock codes Sim Only Tariffs Mobile phones with lowest SAR values SAR values. About S21 | Site map | Disclaimer & privacy. © 2001 - 2017, Landmark Internet Ltd. 
Which? uses cookies to improve our sites and by continuing you agree to our cookies policy. Technology Home & garden Money Baby & child Cars & travel Campaigns Services More from Which?. Technology TV & home entertainment Computing Digital cameras Audio Phones Car technology Wearable technology Broadband, mobile & TV services Smart homes and gadgets. Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers. The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands.. Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems.. Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Ebook readers Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Cloud storage tools Tablets Wi-fi routers and extenders Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers External hard drives Desktop PCs. The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens.. Best cheap laptops for under £500. You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop.. Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune.. Troubleshooting tips and simple tutorials on our tech advice website. Contact the Which? Tech Support Helpline for jargon-free technical support. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Compact cameras Bridge cameras DSLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras. Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras.. These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions.. Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Radios Headphones Mini hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players and turntables MP3 players. Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested.. Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure.. Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers. The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries.. Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best.. Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom.. How to buy the best sat nav. Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav.. Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Find out about the Which? Car Survey. Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars.. Smartwatches Fitness watches & activity trackers. Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin.. From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all.. Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Broadband providers Broadband speed test. We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers.. We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider.. Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV.. Contact the Which? Tech Support Helpline for jargon-free technical support. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Smart home hubs Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Home automation explained Drones Virtual reality Smart home automation. The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link.. Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Home & garden Kitchen Bedroom Bathroom Garden Laundry & floorcare Heating, energy & air treatment Household essentials Shopping, food & drink Home improvements Home security & safety Health & personal care Mobility & disability aids. Refrigeration appliances Cookers & ovens Dishwashing Kettles & coffee makers Mixers, blenders & juicers Small cooking appliances Kitchen accessories. Refrigeration appliances Fridge freezers Fridges Freezers. Cookers & ovens Built-in ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Halogen ovens. Dishwashing Dishwashers Dishwasher tablets Washing-up liquid Limescale remover. Kettles & coffee makers Coffee machines Filter coffee makers Kettles Nespresso compatible coffee capsules. Mixers, blenders & juicers Food processors Stand mixers Blenders Juicers Hand blenders Hand mixers. Small cooking appliances Toasters Bread makers Air fryers Steamers Slow cookers George Foreman grills Ice cream makers Soup makers. Kitchen accessories Steam cleaners Spiralizers Ice cream makers Kitchen knives Cheap small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Mattresses Mattress brands Adjustable beds Electric blankets Mattress toppers Pillows Duvets. Thousands of owners have rated their brand of mattress in our survey to reveal the best brands for getting a great night's sleep.. Choosing the best type of mattress. Memory foam, pocket sprung or latex? We explain the options for finding the best mattress.. Expert tips for choosing the right bed for you and your home.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Electric showers Electric toothbrushes Electric shavers Beard trimmers & hair clippers Hair dryers Epilators Bathroom scales Bathroom brands Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Limescale removers Bath aids Toiletries shopping. How to choose the best shower. What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models.. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous lab tests.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Gardening tools What to grow Gardening accessories. Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors. What to grow Gardening through the year Grow your own. Gardening accessories Barbecues Compost Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Mini greenhouses Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Artificial grass. Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead.. This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend.. We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Find simple solutions to your gardening questions.. Laundry Washing machines Washer dryers Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioners Tumble dryers Steam irons Garment steamers Electrical stores rated Sewing machines. Vacuums & floorcare Vacuum cleaners Cordless vacuums Handheld vacuums Robot vacuums Carpet cleaners Steam cleaners Carpet stain removers. Top five best cheap washing machines. Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test.. The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless.. Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Heating Air treatment Electricity Energy bills & companies Generating your own energy. Heating Boilers Boiler servicing contracts Smart thermostats Carbon monoxide detectors Wood burning stoves Home heating systems Underfloor heating systems Heating oil Electric heaters. Air treatment Dehumidifiers Air conditioners Air purifiers. Electricity Energy monitors Smart meters Smart thermostats Solar panels Saving money on your energy bills. Energy bills & companies Energy companies Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants. Generating your own energy Solar panels Wood burning stoves Wind turbines Ground source heat pumps Air source heat pumps Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI). Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Batteries Rechargeable batteries Light bulbs Best cleaning products Dishwasher tablets Washing-up liquid Limescale remover Laundry detergent Fabric conditioners Carpet stain removers. Find out which own-brand and branded laundry detergents and washing powders deliver top-class cleaning at the best price.. Five tips for choosing the right light bulb. From fittings to colour temperatures, how to buy the best halogen, LED or standard light bulb for your needs.. Fed up of opening the dishwasher to find streaky glasses and grimy plates? We reveal the best dishwasher tablets to make the whole load sparkle.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Shopping Product safety Research and testing methods Best and worst shops Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Boxing Day and January sales Electrical stores rated. Food and drink Nespresso compatible coffee capsules Best food and drink Pet food Supermarkets. Find out how your supermarket compares with the rest using the results of our poll of thousands of shoppers.. The results of our price comparison reveals this month's cheapest and priciest places to shop for groceries.. Top-rated supermarket and branded fizz, based on the verdict of our expert panel of taste testers.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on food & drink. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Renovating your home Power tools DIY and home maintenance. Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Insulation Double glazing Wood flooring Home grants. Power tools Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Drills. DIY and home maintenance Damp Best DIY stores and DIY websites. We've surveyed more than 2,000 owners to bring you customer scores and ratings for 11 top fitted-kitchen brands.. The best and worst double glazing firms, as voted for by thousands of Which? members.. Expert advice on getting rid of damp caused by condensation, penetrating damp and rising damp.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home & property. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Burglar alarms and home security Smoke alarms Carbon monoxide detectors Wireless security cameras Shredders Baby monitors Stair gates Anti-virus software. Find the best company to install your burglar alarm with our exclusive reviews.. Keep your family safe by choosing one of the smoke alarms that earned top marks in our stringent safety tests.. Smart home security and monitoring To enable screen reader support. From wireless security cameras to door sensors, we explain the kit you can use to monitor your home.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Know your rights - Home & property. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Health & personal care Shaving & haircare. Health & personal care Painkillers Electric toothbrushes Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Optician stores Laser eye surgery Blood pressure monitors Health accessories Toiletries shopping Hearing aids Fitness trackers Fitness watches SAD lamps. Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers. How to choose the best shower. What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models.. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous lab tests.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Bath aids Mobility aids Hearing aids. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one.. We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces.. Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Money Insurance Tax Mortgages & property Credit cards & loans Pensions & retirement Savings & Isas Investing Wills & probate Banking Money-saving tips. Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance. How to get cheap car insurance. Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover.. See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction.. We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Tax calculator. Our easy-to-use tax return tool helps you calculate your annual tax bill, offering tips and tricks to save money, and you can submit your return direct to HMRC.. Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead. Understand the system and what you could be entitled to. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property. Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more.. Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro.. Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in.. 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers.. Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees.. Find the best high-street estate agents by comparing their past performance and fees.. Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it. Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters.. Tips to finding the best credit card. The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you.. Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired: working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Which? Elderly Care. Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get. The best income from your pension pot. Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination?. Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown?. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care.. The different types of savings account. Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds.. How to find the best cash Isa. With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account.. Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have.. Compare savings accounts and Isa rates. Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare.. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice. Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place?. How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa. Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions?. Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service.. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Which? Elderly Care. Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional.. Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself.. Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in.. Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable.. Get expert legal advice on probate. Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking security and new ways to pay. Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings.. Best banks for dealing with fraud. Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims.. Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants. Learn how you could pocket an extra £1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances.. Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money.. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets. From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey.. Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Baby & child Baby transport Nursery & feeding Child safety at home Shopping & family finances. Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children. Top 10 best child car seats. Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit.. Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down.. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling. Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Feeding and changing Nursery Bath and bedtime Pregnancy and birth. Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Baby wipes. Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Nursery furniture. Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses. Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Which? Birth Choice. These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests.. Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier.. Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expressing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Smart toys - should you buy them?. These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most.. The best nit and head lice treatments. Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best.. How to choose the best stair gate. We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Shopping for your baby Family finances Working parents. Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products. Family finances Tax credits & benefits. What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies.. Parents' 10 most useful baby products. Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust.. Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Cars & travel Cars Travel. Car reviews Car brand reviews Choosing a car advice Car ownership advice. Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars. Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews >. Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides >. Car ownership advice Most reliable cars Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands Best car breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides >. Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring. Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Travel essentials Transport & accommodation Outdoor clothing & accessories Planning your trip. Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health. Transport & accommodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire. Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories. Planning your trip Tripadvisor Cruise lines Travel agents Destinations. We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down.. There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid.. Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money.. Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Our care system is at breaking point. Help us convince the government to confront the creaking care system.. Join us in calling on the government, regulators and businesses to confront scams head on.. When your flight's delayed, all airlines should compensate you automatically. Dangerous products are putting millions of people at risk. Sign our petition to demand action now.. Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out.. Our railways are plagued by delays, cancellations and overcrowding. Sign our petition to demand better.. New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions.. Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits.. Free-to-use cashpoints are at risk of closure. We want the regulator to take action now to save Britain's cashpoints.. Do you feel tricked by sneaky fees and charges? Sign our petition to help us put a stop to this practice.. We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly - help us hold them to account.. Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition.. A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day.. An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong.. Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action.. Consumer advice Which? services Member exclusive. Consumer advice Consumer Rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline. Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate. Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk Gardening Helpdesk. More from Which? About Which? News & community. About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us 60 years of Which?. Which? membership Our products and services Log in. Latest news from Which? Which? Conversation. My account Log in Sign up. Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Mobile phone providers Nuisance calls. Motorola Moto C review Motorola is a household name, and is known for making mobile phones for all budgets. The Moto C is one of its cheap mobile phones, but does it offer good value for money? We sent this budget smartphone to our test lab to find out whether it's a good choice.. Launched Jun 2017 Reviewed Jul 2017. Try Which? for £1 to reveal the products that perform. Or is it a waste of cash?. Our Test Labs compare features and prices on a range of products. Try Which? to unlock our reviews. You'll instantly be able to compare our test scores, so you can make sure you don't get stuck with a Don't Buy.. Call clarity Battery life Camera quality. Find out how we test mobile phones. Test results Find out how we test mobile phones. score is available for members only. score is available for members only. score is available for members only. Try Which? for £1 to reveal all the scores. Our Test Labs compare features and prices on a range of products. Try Which? to unlock our reviews. You'll instantly be able to compare our test scores, so you can make sure you don't get stuck with a Don't Buy.. As well as thousands of impartial product reviews from our Test Labs, a Which? membership also gets you:. Advice on the move with our apps. Which? magazine delivered to your door. The inside scoop on important issues, from scams to savings accounts. Which? can help you make good decisions. Already a member? Log in here. Alternative mobile phones from Motorola. Motorola Moto G5 Plus. Which ? score %. Which ? score %. Motorola Moto E 2nd Generation 4G. Which ? score %. Find out how to buy the best mobile phone for you. Here, we give you our top shopping tips, and highlight the latest smartphone releases.. Baffled by all the mobile phone brands on offer? We give the rundown on the most reliable brands, and how their smartphones get on in our test lab.. Apple iPhone vs Samsung Galaxy mobile phones. We put the iPhone 8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 - as well as other mobile phones from Apple and Samsung - head to head in our lab tests.. Popular Categories Boilers Built-in ovens Child car seats Coffee machines Digital cameras Dishwashers Laptops Televisions Microwaves Printers and ink Food processors Pushchairs Sat navs Steam cleaners Steam irons Fridge freezers Tablets Tumble dryers Vacuum cleaners Washing machines. Follow us Find out more from digital Which? digital blog. 
3.4 from 8 reviews. Your trust is our top concern. Companies can't alter or remove reviews from ProductReview.com.au.. Good cheap smart phone for those on a budget. 5 out of 5 ,. I got this from Officeworks for $99, unlocked. I was after a cheap smartphone that was unlocked & had a new enough operating system to allow me to download any apps I may need, such as Uber or Shofer. This phone operates Android 7.0 and I've had no problems downloading apps so far. I mainly use it as a phone, to call & text and to web surf. I use the camera for transient things, such as taking a photo for a Gumtree listing. Having said that, I did go to Officeworks recently to print out a few photos that I needed to save. I personally think spending $$$$ on a phone is a waste of money. If you want a decent phone for a good price, this is a good choice.. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. 3 out of 5 ,. Quite slow to move between apps and. Constantly reboots when attached to some wifi's (this is an android issue but my wife's older Motorola has no issues). We have used Motorolas before and they are usually great value for money but this one just seems to lag. Don't like the switched buttons on the side and how it powers from the top. Did buy my mum one aswell as a first smart phone and it is great for her needs.. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. 3 out of 5 ,. I used this phone for a couple ofmonths but gave it away as I wanted to move to ios. While using this phone I like the things i could do with it. Watching video and stuffs but what I do not like is that it tends to be very very slow when I do multiple things at a time. But overall this phone is ok.. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. Priced right for entry level Dual sim smarty. 3 out of 5 ,. Reliable trouble free ok to setup in Australia. Bought and Fine for the kids (or can be a loaner for visitors) Bonus it is water resistance. Do Not link Googles Contacts else whole phone book moves over automatically (ok if a personal spare only purpose) and can play Havoc c All linked contact lists! Most of it Irreversible so a nusance! Don't think anyone makes - never seen a protective case/cover for it. Link to Moto bloatware a waste of space.. (apparently good if u have their fab Smart Watch 2016 onward). Dual sim is shared c Mem expansion slot.. Ps had a terrible time when trying 2nd slot in Hong Kong. Help Desk and Telco both couldn't get Dual sim to work properly. Talking to both sets of asian help staff = English was frustrating also. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. 4 out of 5 ,. I bought this phone as a gift for my Dad. He is 91 now and struggles with this sort of technology, he had a Telstra EasyPhone3 which was the most ridiculous, difficult to use phone I have ever seen. It didn't have a camera and Dad particularly wanted a phone with a camera. I have a Moto G4+ which I really like, I thought the Moto C would be a simpler version of something similar. Dad struggles with this Moto C, but I'm not sure any other smart phone would be any different. There are some things I really liked about the Moto G4+ that are missing from this phone, in particular the digits for the phone keypad are smaller and harder to read, it is more than just the difference between a 5 inch screen and a 5.5 inch screen. I have set display settings to large font size but the keypad digits are still small. The Moto G also has clever tricks, such as two "karate chop" movements to activate the torch and two "twist the wrist" movements to activate the camera. These features are missing from the Moto C. The Moto C's camera is also pretty poor. Slow to take a photo when you push the button, and low res. we have only ever used the camera indoors, which might explain a lot and outdoors in bright light it might be much better. the slow capture is a "feature" of the G4+ too, so Moto need to work on making their camera work faster. If you are taking a photo of something moving, it has left the frame before the image is taken. Otherwise, the screen is very good for the price - a good size, sharp and clear. The best thing about Moto phones is the lack of "bloatware", Moto phones have a pure android interface so it works without clutter. I particularly wanted this for my dad, we have it set so the home screen only has phone, torch, camera and photos. Despite having fitted the phone with a protective hard case and a screen protector, he has managed to crack the screen. Not sure if it is the phone's screen or the tempered glass screen protector. I think it is the main screen. It still works perfectly, so we aren't going to worry about it. This doesn't sound like a very positive review, but I like the phone. Just not sure if my Dad is up to using a smart phone, though he really wants to. If you can afford to spend more, I would buy a Moto G5 series. If you can't, this is a good phone, but don't expect too much from the camera.. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. 3 out of 5 ,. Purchased this phone as a burner because mine is being sent away for repair, so my expectations weren't too high. Firstly, I'd like to say the battery life is awesome! I can easily get 12 hours out of it with light-moderate usage (checking emails, social media and making/receiving calls). While the phone does slow down when I have more than one app running in the background (due to the measly 1GB RAM), it isn't unusable. While 2GB of RAM should be the absolute minimum in any Android smartphone these days, what can you expect for $120? The camera is ok (at 5MP), provided the lighting is good. In poor lighting, the quality begins to suffer. I wouldn't recommend buying this as your Instagram phone (posting photos). One last thing I should mention is how poor the screen quality is. The specs state that this handset has a 480p display (not even HD), so don't expect to view crisp photos or watch HD video. Pros: Battery life, call quality, getting the basics done (social media, phone calls and emails). Cons: Camera, performance, screen quality, no NFC. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. An amazing budget priced smart phone. 5 out of 5 ,. For $149 this really is a great smart phone, easy to use,takes a great photo and with a full 5inch display very easy on the eye, highly recommend it, especially to those who need to keep an eye on their finances. It has great battery life and built apps. Treat yourself for Christmas, you won't be dissapointed.. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. Moto C 8Gb Smartphone poor quality touchscreen. 1 out of 5 ,. I purchased this Lenovo-Motorola Moto C smartphone from Lulu in Muscat Oman. Specs looked good for a sub $100 Australian phone. Android 7, 4G with a 5" touchscreen. Unfortunately, the digitiser failed after 5 days so I couldn't interact with the phone. Nothing on the touch screen would respond. Having left Oman and headed home to Australia, no warranty so just binned it. Whilst working, I enjoyed the phone except for the 5MP rear camera which is rubbish. Battery life reasonable and handled all my apps without a problem. I used WhatsApp, Express Vpn and Facebook Messenger with no issues.. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. What's the bell icon with a slash through it mean on sent messages?. Register now and take advantage of ProductReview's Brand Management Platform!. Like our Facebook page to stay in the know on amazing new products.. General disclaimer: All third party trademarks, images and copyrights on this page are used for the purpose of comparative advertising, criticism or review. This is a public forum presenting user opinions on selected products and businesses, and as such the views expressed do not reflect the opinion of ProductReview.com.au. Further details in the disclaimer .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. Motorola Moto C XT1755 (Starry Black). 1 year Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan. OneAssist Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan for Mobile & Tablets from Rs 5001 to Rs 8000. from OneAssist Consumer Solutions Pvt Ltd. Self / auto Activation of the Plan within 15 DAYS of purchase of Device. FREE DOORSTEP DEVICE PICK UP & DROP SERVICE. Maximum 2 claims during tenure of membership. Cashless Repair in Authorized Service Center only. Protection plan is backed by Insurance and is Valid for One Year only on new device. One Year Protection Plan for Accidental Damage, Drops and Spills. Claims accepted only after successful activation of plan within 15 days of device purchase. Protection plan transferrable from Old device to New Device. Plan is applicable for Androids and Windows device only. For any IMEI Change inform Oneassist at 1800 123 3330. OnsiteGo 1 Year Comprehensive Screen Protection for Smartphones from Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. 1 year Screen Protection plan covers any kind of damage to the smartphone screen, caused by physical damage or liquid or moisture logging. Plan is applicable for all smartphones between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. The plan has to be purchased on the same day you buy the device. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. Activate the plan by following the simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the smartphone brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. Motorola Moto C XT1755 (Starry Black). No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold by BIGBAG (4.7 out of 5 | 29 ratings) and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfilled by Amazon indicates that this item is stored, packed and dispatched from Amazon fulfilment centres. Amazon directly handles delivery, customer service and returns. Fulfilled by Amazon items can be identified with an badge. Orders containing items Fulfilled by Amazon worth Rs.599 or more are eligible for FREE delivery. FBA items may also be eligible for faster delivery (Same-Day, One-Day and Two-Day).. If you're a seller, you can improve your sales by using Fulfilment by Amazon. This item can't be returned to Amazon, if the item is "No longer needed". In case of product issues, you may qualify for a replacement.. Mediatek MT6737M Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. This item: Motorola Moto C XT1755 (Starry Black). Sold by BIGBAG and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. This item Delivered FREE in India with Super Saver Delivery. Affix Motorola Moto C Plus [5.0 inch] Premium Tempered Glass Screen Guard Protector With Free…. Sold by Affix original and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Bracevor Motorola Moto C Plus Back Case Cover | Anti Slip | Rugged Armor - Shimmer Black. Sold by Bracevor and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Moto C XT1755 Window Flip Cover by SmartLike For Moto C XT1755. CEDO Toughened Tempered Glass Screen Guard Protector for Motorola Moto C Plus (Transparent). Motorola Moto C (XT1755) ELICA Flip Cover Professional Window Leather Flip Cover for Motorola Moto C (XT1755) BLACK. SHOPWAY Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Moto C Plus with free installation kit. Printed Back Cover For Motorola Moto C XT1755 Back Cover by RKMOBILES. VERTUS Motorola Moto C - Tempered Glass Screen Protector with 9H Hardness, Premium Crystal Clarity, Scratch-Resistant. Motorola Moto C smartphone was launched in May 2017. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 854 pixels at a PPI of 196 pixels per inch. The Motorola Moto C is powered by 1.1GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737M processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Motorola Moto C packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto C runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 2350mAh removable battery. It measures 145.50 x 73.60 x 9.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 154.00 grams. The Motorola Moto C is a dual SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Headphones, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Accelerometer.. improving the lives of millions of people.. Motorola is a pioneer in mobile technologies. With a presence in numerous countries, our range of Android-based Moto phones is ever popular. Our 80 years of experience in mobile phones has lead us to create the new Moto range, The Moto range of phones are loaded with functionality, are stylish and perfect for the fun, young, on the go crowd.. The Motorola Moto C comes with a large 5-inch screen with a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels.. The Motorola Moto C is powered by 1.1GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737M processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card.. The Motorola Moto C packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Motorola Moto C runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 2350mAh removable battery. It is light weight and weighs 154.00 grams. The Motorola Moto C is a dual SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Headphones, FM, 3G and 4G. Motorola Moto C XT1755 Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 14.6 x 0.9 x 7.4 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium Polymer batteries required. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies GSM, 3G, 4G LTE, WiFi. Special features Dual SIM, GPS, Music Player, Video Player, E-mail. Whats in the box Handset, Battery, Travel Adapter, USB Cable, Headset, Quick Start Guide and Legal Insert. #345 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 4 June 2017. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB). 10.or E (Beyond Black, 2 GB). 5 star 22% 4 star 14% 3 star 8% 2 star 10% 1 star 46%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Waste of money don't buy in this budget better to .... Waste of money don't buy in this budget better to go Samsung and no return policy in Amazon recently launched this is no information. Display not good and camera average please stop sale this moto c model bad to moto brand.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Return request pleased. THANKS Amazon for return request accept. This phone not switching on & Not charging Few hours after delivery. THANKS Amazon for return request accept.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Not much satisfied with MOTO C😩. Phone is good in this price range , bought it from amazon only but i am facing some problems like the display is so freeking amd yaas the biggest peep disappointment is that the phone actually loses its touch sensors when connected to headphones and how can i forget about the camera ,it is worse dude and no use for the front camera flash cozz if u buy this u would never like to open camera... but stilll lenovo did a good effort in this price range. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Do not buy this phone.. Phone is damn slow even with basic apps installed. Ringer goes on mute automatically even with full volume. Have to reboot twice to bring the ringer back. Always find missed calls and have to call back and apologise. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst product ever. I usually never buy without seeing the specs and reviews, somehow bought this phone by just seeing the name Motorola, as the price is higher than moto E, I thought this should be better version that that. Omg, have you seen any phone with blurred screen and icons? This is the only phone available in the whole world, go grab it. Initially I thought that was an issue and I asked for replacement, then I understood that all Moto C has a very low resolution and that causes these pixel blurness.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Best in price bracket.. Great phone at this price bracket. Motorola continuously produces consistent performing phones, works great for media consumption and gaming.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Probably not worth the money. Buy this phone only if you want a stock Android experience with a dedicated sd card slot. The camera and the display is not worth the price, you can always opt for redmi or 10 or D. This phone hardly can multitask with basic apps. Personally sould recommend redmi 5a or 4a at this price segment.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars BUT picture quality tooo poor... Its a oswm phone in range।.... BUT picture quality tooo poor...trust me too poor man.... But otherwise it's justtt a perfect smartphone that's all thanks!!!!. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. bcoz after 5days of delivary the there was aa problem in chager... 1.0 out of 5 stars i was notnice satisfied... 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. This mobile phone is processe very slow and hang this cellphone. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The item is not working at all. I wish to use it from today and it is not switching on even after charging for a couple of hours.. 1.0 out of 5 stars The item is not working at all. Very very worst in this motoc please don't buy if you want a details please WhatsApp me. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst phone moto c. Don't buy it...waste of money as product is defective. 1.0 out of 5 stars waste of money as product is. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. See and discover other items: 3g phone , 3g phones , all mobiles , 3gb ram phone , 3gb ram mobile , 3gb ram phones. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home › Motorola › Moto C XT1750 Motorola Moto C XT1750 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Motorola Moto C XT1750 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Motorola Moto C XT1750 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Dimensions : 73.6 x 145.5 x 9 mm Weight : 154 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 416 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2350 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Motorola Model Moto C XT1750 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 73.6 mm (millimeters) 7.36 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.9 in (inches) Height 145.5 mm (millimeters) 14.55 cm (centimeters) 0.48 ft (feet) 5.73 in (inches) Thickness 9 mm (millimeters) 0.9 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.35 in (inches) Weight 154 g (grams) 0.34 lbs (pounds) 5.43 oz (ounces) Volume 96.38 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.85 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Gold Red Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6580M Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 416 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.23 mm (millimeters) 6.22 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.71 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.779:1 Resolution 480 x 854 pixels Pixel density 196 ppi (pixels per inch) 77 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 64.54 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Pixel size - 1.4 μm Wide-angle lens - 74° Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Flash type LED Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Pixel size - 1.0 μm Wide-angle lens - 63° Continuous shooting HDR Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2350 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer 2G talk time 12 h (hours) 720 min (minutes) 0.5 days 2G stand-by time 220 h (hours) 13200 min (minutes) 9.2 days 3G talk time 12 h (hours) 720 min (minutes) 0.5 days 3G stand-by time 220 h (hours) 13200 min (minutes) 9.2 days Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 1 A (amps) Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A High Edition. Dimensions : 73.6 x 145.5 x 9 mm Weight : 154 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 416 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2350 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 138 results for "motorola moto c". See all results for motorola moto c .. Motorola Moto C UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Phones The new Moto C is super affordable .... Motorola Moto C UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Red. Motorola MobMotorolaC Red PA6L0012GB Phones Mobile Phones The new Moto C .... Motorola 8 GB Moto E3 UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. Moto E3 brings you a 5" H. Motorola Moto E4 Plus (Single Sim) SIM-Free Smartphone - Grey. The new Moto E Plus. Motorola Moto C Black Wallet Book Flip Case Cover. by For Unbranded Moto C. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. super wallet flip designed Motorola Moto C case cover will protect and .... Motorola Moto C Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Only For This Phone). by For Unbranded Motorola Moto C. Product Features Motorola Moto C Tempered Glass Screen Protector (((PHONE NOT INCLUDED))). Motorola Moto C Plus Black Wallet Book Flip Case Cover. by For Unbranded Moto C Plus. Only 14 left in stock - order soon.. super wallet flip designed Motorola Moto C Plus case cover will .... Moto C Case, Leather Wallet Book Card Case Cover Pouch For Motorola Moto C & Lenovo Moto C + Screen Protector & Polishing Cloth + Touch Stylus Pen (Black). Moto C Case,Printed Pattern Wallet Case Blue Butterfly PU Leather with Shock-absorption TPU Inner Cover Card Slots & Stand Function with Magnetic Closure (Motorola Moto C). Gr8value Plus Limited Moto C (5.0) - By Gr8value New Printed Butterfly .... Motorola Moto E 4G 2nd Generation SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Motorola Moto C Plus Purple Wallet Book Flip Case Cover. by For Unbranded Moto C Plus. super wallet flip designed Motorola Moto C Plus case cover will .... Moto C Plus Mobile Phone - Red Sim Free. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. The new Moto C Plus is super affordable, yet packed with the essentials .... Motorola Moto C S-Line Silicone Gel In Black Cover Case Cover (Only For This Phone). by For Unbranded Motorola Moto C. Snap on case for Motorola Moto C with perfect fit (Motorola .... Motorola Moto C Plus Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Only For This Phone). by For Unbranded Motorola Moto C Plus. Product Features Motorola Moto C Plus Tempered Glass Screen Protector (((PHONE NOT INCLUDED))). Motorola Moto G5 16GB with 3 GB RAM (Dual Sim) UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Lunar Grey. LEMORRY Motorola Moto C Case Leather Flip Wallet Pouch Slim Fit Bumper Protection Magnetic Strap Stand Card Slot Soft TPU Cover for Motorola Moto C, Blossom (Red). Free shipping with purchase of 3 items and 1 more promotion. 4% off purchase of 2 items See Details. Product Features Compatible with Motorola Moto C. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home » LENOVO » Motorola Moto C User Manual – PDF. Motorola Moto C User Manual – PDF. Motorola Moto C User Manual – PDF. Motorola Moto C manual – Lenovo reportedly will launch a number of devices, including Moto series C and X, in the year 2017.. For series C, it is estimated that Taiwan companies will launch the smartphone concept introduced in CPlus Lenovo Tech World last June.. Moto CPlus is a device that can be bent and pinned on the wrist, as well as supported by the flexible screen. Meanwhile, device related information not yet available Moto X series to be launched next year on a Lenovo.. Moto X presence plan this to be a fresh wind for such devices, once the fans had to wait for one year. In addition to the Moto Moto X, C and leakage of product road map that will be launched in 2017 also lists Moto Z and Moto M, as well as Moto G and Moto E.. Lenovo is also rumored to be focused on the launch of the device’s motto and ZUK for 2017. The motto of the whole device will be handled by a team of Lenovo, even though it still was launched under the brand Motorola and still maintaining the impression that carried this brand before.. This information also indicates a continuation of the Lenovo brand ZUK, who has launched two smartphones, namely ZUK Z1 and ZZUK 2 Plus. However, no available related information from other Lenovo smartphone series VIBE and series k.. Meanwhile, Lenovo acquired Motorola from Google in early 2016. Acquisition process is evaluated as being the reason behind the failure of the launch of the smartwatch Moto 360 by 2016. But the Phone calls, the smartwatch penetration Radar small despite initial higher estimate is the reason supporters of the failed launch of the first generation 360 Motto.. Related Posts Motorola Moto Z3 – Z3 Play User Manual PDF. Lenovo Tab 7 – Tab 7 Essential User Manual PDF. Motorola Moto G5s User Manual PDF. Lenovo K8 Note User Manual PDF. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s User Manual PDF. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro User Manual PDF. ZTE Axon 9 User Manual PDF. Nokia 7 Plus User Manual PDF. Random Search Terms surface book 2 user manual pdf samsung gear s3 frontier manual pdf download iPhone 5S User Manuals PDF Nokia 640 user manual nexus 5x user manual galaxy s7 owners manual Nexus 6 User Manual PDF 2013 chevrolet silverado 1500 manual samsung j2 prime manual LG K10 manual. Copyright © 2013 , All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Motorola Moto C Прошивка http://geho.kenmama.ru/Motorola%20Mot... Прошивка Motorola Moto C 3G XT1750 8GB Black PA6J0041UA. Новости Motorola Moto C 3G XT1750 8GB Black PA6J0041UA. Что Вам потребуется: Процессор 400 МГц или более производительный Не менее 256. Motorola Moto G 3rd gen - обновление и прошивка Здесь вы можете прошивку для телефона Motorola Moto C Plus, работающем на Android. Телефон Motorola Moto C Plus выпущен в 2017 году фирмой Motorola. Подробная инструкция по официальной прошивки на Motorola Moto X первого поколения XT1049, XT1050, XT1052, XT1053 T-Mobile, XT1056, XT1058 Claro, AmericanMovil, Brasil, XT1060, XT1080 через Fastboot. Как прошить Motorola moto X XT105x AinoTech Репутация. Обсуждение Motorola Moto C Petanque 3G, Petanque 4G, XT1750, XT1754 Описание: C 3G C. DOWNLOAD и вставить провод и прошивка шьётся Moto C 4G XT1754. Motorola Moto C Plus Dual прошивка Андроид. Процесс обновления Motorola Moto G 3rd gen XT1540, XT1541, XT1542, XT1543, XT1544, XT1548, XT1550 заключается в на него альтернативной прошивки ROM после того, как производитель перестал обновлять устройство. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. MOTOROLA MOTO C 4G XT1755 LENOVO Flashing Tutorial & Download Firmware. How to Firmware Restore your Motorola Device on Windows 10 without RSDlite. Motorola Moto C Plus Password Hard reset | 100% Working Method.. Motorola Moto C Unboxing & Hands on. Hard reset Moto C XT1754 Сброс настроек moto c xt 1754. Motorola Moto C & C Plus New Smartphones 2017. How to Flash Motorola C XT1755. Hard reset Moto C Plus XT1723 Сброс настроек moto c plus XT 1723. Moto C Full Review and Unboxing. Распаковка Motorola Moto C (XT1750) White. Install Official Stock Firmware on Moto C Plus XT-1721. How install twrp and root for motorola moto c xt1750. Unboxing do Smartphone Motorola Moto C de 8 GB. Motorola Moto C | El nuevo gama de entrada | Unboxing. Motorola moto C unboxing and hands on. Root Cualquier MOTO C & C PLUS 7.0 NOUGAT. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Motorola Moto C stiže sa 5-inčnim displejem, rezolucije 854 x 480 piksela. Telefon raspolaže kamerama od 5 megapiksela pozadi, odnosno 2 megapiksela napred. Kada je hardver u pitanju, imajući u vidu klasu telefona, sasvim je logično da dolazi sa četvorojezgarnim procesorom koji radi na 1.1 GHz. Što se memorije tiče, na raspolaganju je 1 GB RAMa, što je u okvirima klase, kao i 16 GB prostora za skladištenje Motorola Moto C možeš da kupiš putem Vip Online prodavnice na linku https://www.vipmobile.rs/privatni/mob.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Motorola Moto C Plus | Test deutsch. Redmi 5A vs Moto C quick comparison!. Motorola Moto C & C Plus New Smartphones 2017. HOW TO CLEAR RECENT APPS IN MOTO C. Motorola Moto C Unboxing & Hands on. Test: Motorola Moto C Plus: Was kann das 130-Euro-Smartphone?. Moto C Full Review and Unboxing. 10 STVARI ZA KOJE NE ZNATE CEMU SLUZE!. Moto C vs Redmi 3s SpeedTest Comparison. 109€ mit Super Kameras | Motorola Moto C | Erster Eindruck. Moto C - The new king of budget smartphone? Handson & Review. Sedam trikova na Viber-u koje mozda niste znali. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Motorola Moto C Price in the Philippines and Specification. The 3G Moto C will have a MediaTek 32-bit quad-core processor clocked at 1.3GHz of speed and 4G will have a MediaTek 64-bit quad-core processor clocked at 1.1GHz of speed. Both will be running Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box.. 5.0 inches, FWGA (854 x 4... 3G, 4G (LTE), 2G, 16GB, 8... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Model :16GB with Free Tempered Glass and BT Mono Headphone 1 Year Local Manufacturer .... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping for ..., 2-7 days for delivery. Fast 7 Express in 2-3 ... Motorola Moto C Price in the Philippines Starts from P3,490. The lowest price of Motorola Moto C is P3,490 at Lazada, which is 49% less than the cost of Moto C at Lazada (P6,795).. This smartphone is available in 8GB, 16GB storage variants.. The latest price of Motorola Moto C was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 10:23.. Moto C Unboxing, Hands on, Camera Samples and Software. Micro SIM, Single SIM, Dual SIM. expandable by up to 32GB microSD. Typical: 2350 mAh | Minimum: 2245 | Li-poly removable | 5W charger. 145.5 x 73.6 x 9 mm. User Review : 4 Reviews. Hindi ako masyadong nag-eexpect nang mataas sa phone na ito nung binili ko ito. Pero nung magamit ko na, nalaman ... Hindi o pa talaga siya na explore ng todo ang phone na ito kasi ka darating lang nito and binili ko siya through ... Bago lang may store ang motorola dito sa amin at matagal ko ng hinintay ito kaya binili ko na yung gusto ko itong ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Motorola Moto C hello sa inyong lahat, patulong lang po sana ako hindi ko kasi narerecieve yung mga text messages sa akin nahihirapan tuloy ako, pero maayos naman po pagka.nagsesend ako gamit itong unit na ito.Maraming salamat po.. Last updated : Jan 25, 2018. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Motorola Moto C itatatanong ko lang sana ano po bang kadalasan sagot kung yung unit nyo ayaw tumunog pero pag.nilagya niyo ng headset tumutunog naman?. Last updated : Nov 10, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. 5.5 inches, 1280 x 720 pi... 4G (LTE), 3G, 2G, 32GB, 1.... 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 5.0 inches, FWGA (854 x 4... 3G, 4G (LTE), 2G, 16GB, 8.... 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB, 3GB. 5.2 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... Most viewed ranking for Motorola Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Motorola Moto C Manual / User Guide. This is the official Motorola Moto C User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see our Specs page.. Please enter the Captcha on the left and click. You must click on the checkbox above, before proceeding.. The Moto C runs Android 7 Nougat, and sports 5-inch display with 854 x 480 pixels resolution. The device is powered by quad-core MediaTek processor, and features LTE connectivity. The Moto C also offers 1 GB of RAM, 16 GB of expandable internal memory, and a 2350 mAh battery. As for cameras, the handset has a 5 MP rear one, and a 2 MP front-facing one, both with LED flashes.. Motorola releases the budget priced Moto C in India. Budget-friendly Moto C and Moto C Plus officially introduced, prices start at €89. Moto alphabetical road map surfaces during presentation. Seven Moto devices receive their Wi-Fi certification; all seven are powered by the MT6737 SoC. Entry-level Moto C receives its Bluetooth certification. Motorola Moto Z2 Force leaks out alongside the Moto E4 and Moto C series. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available | Launch Date in India: 2017, June 2 |. (2.7/5) 371 ratings Rate now. 5MP Primary Camera, 2 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 480 x 854 pixels. Motorola Moto C XT1755 (Starry Black) 5,143 Go to Store Moto C (Starry Black, 16 GB)(1 GB RAM) 5,449 Go to Store. Motorola Moto C comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 480 x 854 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad core, 1.1 GHz, Cortex-A53, MediaTek MT6737M 1 GB RAM and 16 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Motorola Moto C sports a 5 MP Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Motorola makes use of a 2 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Motorola Moto C includes Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot, v4.0, microUSB v2.0, with A-GPS. The Motorola Moto C gets the power from a Li-Ion 2350 mAh battery.. The Motorola Moto C runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Amazon, Flipkart and leading offline stores.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim (Micro + Micro) ANNOUNCED Status Available Global Release Date 2017, June Indian Release Date 2017, June 2 BODY Dimensions 145.5 x 73.6 x 9 mm Weight 154 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 480 x 854 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) FWVGA PROCESSOR CPU Quad core, 1.1 GHz, Cortex-A53 Chipset MediaTek MT6737M STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage RAM 1 GB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Yes Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Yes CAMERA Primary camera 5 MP Camera Front Camera 2 MP Camera Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, WAV Video Player MP4, H.264, H.263, HD Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 2350 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0 USB microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility with A-GPS Browser HTML 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE. 2 GB 13MP. 1 GB 8MP. 2 GB 13MP. 2 GB 8MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTkxNzk5fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Moto G5S Plus unboxing and First Impressions. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Highlighted Features. 1,000 temporary price cut; costs just Rs. 5,999 January 05, 2018. Moto C Plus was launched in India back in June last year at a price point of Rs, 6,999 in an aim to compete with the Xiaomi Redmi 4. Motorola has taken to Twitter than the Moto C Plus will. Motorola Moto C now available at Rs 6,999 via Amazon: Other budget smartphones to consider June 15, 2017. Looking for a budget-friendly Android smartphone with all the necessary features? Well, Motorola Moto C can be a decent option. 6,999 on Amazon.in, the handset comes with a 5-inch FWVGA (480x854 pixels) display and is powered by. Moto C budget smartphone launched in India: Price, Specifications and more June 02, 2017. Looking for a budget-friendly smartphone with the essential features? Well, Motorola has just launched the Moto C smartphone in India. Motorola's new offering Moto C is an affordable device and is packed with features which according to the company will. Lenovo's Moto C, Moto C Plus are official; prices start from Rs. 6,000 May 16, 2017. It was only a day back that the entire list of upcoming Motorola smartphones was leaked in a presentation. Now, Lenovo has quietly launched the Moto C and Moto C Plus smartphones belonging to the entry-level market segment. Motorola Moto X4 (64GB - 4GB RAM). Motorola Moto G5s Plus (64GB - 4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, VoLTE, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.1 GHz Processor 1 GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt 2350 mAh Battery 5 inches, 480 x 854 px display 5 MP Rear + 2 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v7.0. Shipping: FREE 2-5 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 2 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-7 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-7 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Moto C (Starry Black, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Moto C (Pearl White, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C 16 GB (Starry Black) 1 GB RAM, Dual SIM 4G. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C 16 GB (White) 1 GB RAM, Dual Sim 4G. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C - Starry Black. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C (1 GB, 8 GB, Starry Black). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C (1 GB, 16 GB, Pearl White). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C (1 GB,16 GB,Starry Black). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C | 1 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Sealed Brand New | 1 Year Warranty. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola India Warranty Motorola Moto C Duos 16GB 1GB 5'' 5MP 2MP 4G LTE Black. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C Duos Dual 16GB, 1GB Ram - 1 Year Manufacture Warranty. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola India Warranty Motorola Moto C Duos 16GB 1GB 5'' 5MP 2MP 4G LTE Black. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C (gold/Black)4G VoLTE 16GB ROM Android Nougat 7.0 1year warranty. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. MOTORALA MOTO C 1GB RAM STARRY BLACK. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola India Warranty Motorola Moto C Duos 16GB 1GB 5'' 5MP 2MP 4G Mix Color. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C XT1755 (Starry Black). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Motorola Moto C XT1755 (Pearl White). Motorola Moto C Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy Motorola Moto C Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. Motorola Moto C Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v7.0 Slim 2350 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 480 x 854 pixels Camera: 5 MP Flash 720p HD Video Recording 2 MP Front Camera with Flash Technical: 1.1 GHz, Quad Core Processor 1 GB RAM 16 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G VoLTE WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: Music Player Video Player FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Has a camera for taking photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Having a front camera flash allows you to take selfies in low light. Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can use this to make calls over 4G network. It is compatible with Reliance Jio. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Watch your favourite video songs and movies in video player. It supports MP4, H.264 file types. Listen to your favourite songs in music player. It supports MP3, eAAC+, WAV etc. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. Images, videos and text will not look very sharp. Images, videos and text will not look very sharp. Text will be harder to read. Slower CPU has trouble in running graphics rich applications. You can't connect your phone to a TV. Compass Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Sim Size: Micro + Micro SIM Device Type: Smartphone Release Date: May, 2017 Design Dimensions: 145.5 x 73.59 x 9 mm Weight: 154 g Display Type: Color TFT screen, 16M colors Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 480 x 854 pixels PPI: ~ 196 PPI Memory RAM: 1 GB Internal: 16 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes VoLTE: Yes (Supports Reliance Jio) Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes USB: Yes, microUSB Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 5 MP Dual Camera: No Features: Geo tagging, Panorama, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 720p @ 30fps Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 2 MP with LED Flash Technical OS: Android, v7.0 (Nougat) CPU: 1.1 GHz, Quad Core, Mediatek MT6737M Processor Java: No Browser: Yes, supports HTML Multimedia Supports: MMS, Instant Messaging Email: Yes, with Push Mail Music: MP3, eAAC+, WAV Video: MP4, H.264 FM Radio: Yes Document Reader: Yes Battery Size: 2350 mAh, Li-Po Battery. No Expert reviews found for this mobile.. No reviews found for this mobile. Be the first to write a review.. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Motorola Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs Motorola Moto C vs Motorola Moto C Plus vs Motorola Moto C vs Xiaomi Redmi 5A vs Motorola Moto C vs Nokia 2 vs Motorola Moto C vs Motorola Moto E4 vs Motorola Moto C vs Comio C1. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones Motorola Motorola Moto C. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. 72 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Buy Motorola Moto C In India at These Prices. Get extra ₹50 off (price inclusive of discount). Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Starry Black - Out of Stock. Starry Black - Out of Stock Starry Black - Out of Stock Starry Black - Out of Stock Starry Black - Out of Stock Starry Black - Out of Stock Fine Gold - Out of Stock Starry Black - Out of Stock. Motorola Moto C Full Features & Specifications. / 10 See Better Options Screen Size 5 inch Screen Resolution 854 x 480 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 196 PPI Bezel Less No Chipset. / 10 See Better Options Brand MediaTek Processor Speed 1.1GHz Processor MediaTek MT6737M Processor Type Quad-Core RAM 1GB 6. / 10 See Better Options Rear Camera Resolution 5MP Front Camera Resolution 2MP Camera Details 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, panorama Video Recording Resolution HD Video Recording (720p) Camera Features LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 7.0 Nougat Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type Micro USB Features GPS, FM Radio Sensors Accelerometer Dimensions (mm) 145.5 x 73.6 x 9 Weight 154 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth, VoLTE (Works with Jio) Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color Starry Black, Fine Gold, Pearl White Device Warranty 1 Year In The Box Device, Charger & Cable Separate, SIM Ejector Tool, User Manual Storage. / 10 See Better Options Internal Storage 8GB Card Slot Yes Maximum Card Slot Capacity 32GB Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Micro SIM SIM 1 Details 3G, 2G, Micro SIM 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 Battery. / 10 See Better Options Battery Capacity 2350mAh Battery Type Lithium-Polymer (Li-Po) Removable Battery Yes Wireless Charging No Fast Charging No. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Motorola Moto C Price in India. The best price of Motorola Moto C is Rs. You can buy Motorola Moto C on Flipkart and also look through other stores. All mobile prices are in INR & generally valid with EMI & COD in all cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Chennai & Pune. Kindly report any errors in specs of Motorola Moto C. Prices were updated today i.e., 26th February 2018.. Seller(s) of Motorola Moto C Latest Price Flipkart Rs. The Moto C is the first smartphone by Motorola in the C-series. The phone lies in the low-budget price range and comes with decent features and specifications. Let's take a look at what the phone has to offer its users.. Although the Moto C has a decent design, it misses out on having a metal body. The phone is available in three colour variants:. Starry Black, Fine Gold and Pearl White. Display of the phone spans 5 inches and provides a resolution of 854 x 480 pixels which is comparatively quite less. It has an LCD panel and lacks any kind of screen protection.. In terms of optics, the phone sports a 5-megapixel rear camera which has fixed focus. It can record HD videos and is accompanied by an LED flash. On the front, the phone fits a 2-megapixel snapper which gets a 63-degree wide lens. Even the front camera has got an LED flash for low-light selfies .. To pull of performance, the Moto C comes with a MediaTek MT6737M processor which is clocked at 1.1GHz. The phone also comes with 1GB of RAM to carry out multi-tasking. The phone runs on Android Nougat out of the box. With respect to storage, the phone gets 8GB of internal memory which can be expanded till 32GB via microSD card.. The Moto C packs a 2350mAh battery unit which can last almost a day with moderate usage. For connectivity, it comes with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS/A-GPS, 3.5mm audio jack, and a micro-USB port.. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. 4G Mobile Phones Price Android Mobile Phones Price In India All Mobiles Price Phones Between Rs. 10,000 Price In India Budget Mobile Phones (Low Cost) Price Upcoming Mobile Phones Price In India Motorola Mobile Phones Price 5 inch Smartphones Price In India Kult Mobile Phones Price Apple iPhones Price In India. Itel PowerPro P41 Itel S21 LG phoenix 3 Itel Wish A41 Itel Wish A21 Lenovo Vibe C2. User Reviews for Motorola Moto C (Total: 7). By Ramneet Singh on November 4, 2017 | Verified Owner. Motorola Moto C is an affordable smartphone for someone wishing to enter the smartphone market with a less budget. It provides the latest Android version. Battery life is not that great. Was this review helpful? 0 0. By Bikas Jakhar on November 23, 2017. The Moto C Plus has HD resolution,the phone is really good for playing HD movies or immerse themselves in graphically orientated gaming.The design is curvaceous and the micro-textured back cover. Moto has updated android version so it allows you to run multiple apps at the same time. Lags in camera Battery is weak. Was this review helpful? 0 0. By Sahil Khan on November 23, 2017. The Motorola Moto C is one of the cheapest smartphone. The Moto C does not look or feel very premium.It's the kind of phone that won't give you palpitations if you accidentally drop it.The screen is a good size for a budget phone but has low resolution.. Great battery backup Value for money Updated android version. Was this review helpful? 0 0. By Shreya Srana on December 19, 2017. I purchased this phone for a family member who does not have a vast usage of the phone. The affordable price with average features was the main reason for purchase. Was this review helpful? 0 0. By Umang Kumar on December 19, 2017 | Verified Owner. This phone is just not worth the price please don't waste your money on it. The battery here is slow and the front camera is not decent. You should just spend your money on better Chinese phones in the market as they are more value for money.. Fits in one hand 5MP front camera is good. Battery is small Front camera is very bad Weighs heavy. Was this review helpful? 0 0. By Deshbandhu Saini on December 20, 2017 | Verified Owner. This was the first smartphone that I ever used. Moto C was a good device for its time But now Its simply not the best you can get for this price. I would suggest you to go and buy yourself some another phone. This phone has a pretty old processor and the Android updates lag a lot. Also the front camera is very bad.. Bad front camera Slow phone, lags a lot. Was this review helpful? 0 0. Have you used this product? Write a review of Motorola Moto C. 7 Pricebaba users have written their experience with Motorola Moto C. If you own Motorola Moto C, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to Motorola Moto C. Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Moto G6, G6 Plus and G6 Play Fresh Renders Appear; Design, Specs and Pricing .... Moto E5 Leaked: Relocated Fingerprint Sensor. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Talk about Motorola Moto C, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. 5,335 is the Best Price In India for Motorola Moto C, last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Motorola Motorola Moto C. Motorola Moto C Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Economically priced Motorola Moto C is an upcoming smart phone by Motorola. Nothing has been finalized about the phone, there are various speculations ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only) 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300) Speed HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2017, May Status Coming soon. release 2017, June Body Dimensions 145.5 x 73.6 x 9 mm (5.73 x 2.90 x 0.35 in) Weight 154 g (5.43 oz) SIM Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.0 inches (~64.3% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 480 x 854 pixels (~196 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Platform OS Android 7.0 (Nougat) Chipset Mediatek MT6737M CPU Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720MP2 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal 8 GB, 1 GB RAM - 3G model 16 GB, 1 GB RAM - LTE model Camera Primary 5 MP, LED flash Features 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, panorama Video [email. protected] Secondary 2 MP, LED flash Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth 4.2, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio FM radio USB microUSB 2.0 Features Sensors Accelerometer Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP3/eAAC+/WAV/Flac player - MP4/H.264 player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Removable Li-Po 2350 mAh battery. Motorola Moto C Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Economically priced Motorola Moto C is an upcoming smart phone by Motorola. Nothing has been finalized about the phone, there are various speculations that we keep on hearing all the time about Moto C. The display is rumored to come with a 5.00-inches touch screen display with a sharper and brighter resolution of 480 pixels by 854 pixels. The Motorola Moto C is a single SIM operated device only. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Headphones and 3G fast data speed for live streaming and faster browsing. The Motorola Moto C is expected to be powered by 1.3GHz quad-core processor with a Mediatek chipset and comes with a 1GB RAM. The Moto C is rumored to pack 16 GB of built in memory that can be expanded further via a micro SD card. The Motorola Moto C is speculated to pack a 5-megapixel back camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front snapper for selfies. The Motorola Moto C is running on Android 7.0 OS and be powered by a 2350mAh non removable battery. Find the Motorola Moto C price in Pakistan updated online.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. LS1/ L-S1 - Battery For Bla .. THZ15707AP - Vuscape Case & .. MM 100 - Bluetooth Headset .. BL-44JH - Battery For LG Mo .. Blocks Texture Soft Case fo .. 
