GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 115.5 x 63 x 10.4 mm, 73.2 cc (4.55 x 2.48 x 0.41 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm 2 (~62.6% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~233 ppi density). - Nokia X platform 1.0 UI, upgradable to 1.1.2.2. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 3.15 MP (1/5"), check quality. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Removable Li-Ion 1500 mAh battery (BN-01). Up to 13 h 20 min (2G) / Up to 10 h 30 min (3G). Bright green, bright red, cyan, yellow, black, white. Contrast ratio: 637:1 (nominal), 1.291 (sunlight). Voice 67dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 75dB. Also known as Nokia Normandy, Nokia A110, Nokia X Dual SIM RM-980 with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Nokia X - user opinions and reviews. This is horrible phone, the bttery is nightmerr, do not buy it , the performance is so extreamly poooooooor considiring the it's specs, even galaxy pocket neo that should less then this nokia is mucht better in gaming. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Nokia X2 Dual SIM Nokia XL Nokia X+ Nokia 8 Apple iPhone 5 Nokia Lumia 520. Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 6 Nokia 7 plus Nokia 8 Nokia 6 (2018). 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. This isn't the Nokia Android phone you were looking for. The Good The Nokia X is as well built as you'd expect from this company, and its battery easily lasts for a day and a half. The dual-SIM feature can be useful.. The Bad This low-end phone is sluggish and at times, responds very slowly to your touch. The ugly UI doesn't help much with the user experience either. You'll need to do some work importing your contacts if they're stored in the cloud, and the Nokia Store lacks some apps (you'll have to install a third-party store).. The Bottom Line Bogged down by sluggish performance and a lacklustre UI, the Nokia X only disappoints.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. The Nokia X is cheap but colorful. Design The rear cover is removable. Features Software It looks similar to Windows Phone, but it isn't nearly as slick. You'll need to venture outside of the Nokia Store if you want apps such as WhatsApp. Rumors of Nokia making an Android smartphone had been churning for a long time. Finally, at Mobile World Congress in March, the Finnish company unveiled a new range of phones, the X, X+ and XL , aimed at those who can't afford hundreds of dollars or pounds on a new mobile.. Running on a forked version of Android , the X range of devices lack Google Play services, which Nokia has ignored, choosing to feature Microsoft's products instead. While this seems like a good idea on paper, Android doesn't really stand up too well without the Google foundations -- but more on that later.. Furthermore, as these are cheap smartphones meant for emerging markets (taking over from the previous Asha range of phones), Nokia has chosen to go with low-end specs, which impacts the performance and user experience.. Nokia is best known for the build quality of its smartphones, and the Nokia X isn't any different. Despite a low retail price of around $140 (€89 in Europe and around £100 in the UK), the phone feels solid and well-made. The 128g device sits quite comfortably in one's palm.. The phone sports a 4-inch display with a resolution of 800x480 pixels, and instead of the three menu buttons found on most Android devices, the Nokia X only has one, which lets you go back. To get back to the home screen, you press and hold it.. The rear cover is removable, swappable for different colors, and sports a matte finish. You'll need to open up the back to access the dual-SIM card slots which is located next to the 1,500mAh battery.. As a low-cost smartphone, the Nokia X doesn't come with the bells and whistles you'll find on more expensive phones. What you get are the basics: Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity.. The X comes with just 4GB of onboard storage, but don't let that stop you -- Nokia has chosen to include a microSD card slot. This gives you an additional 32GB of storage, should you need it.. Powered by the Nokia X platform, the operating system is what's known as a "forked" version of Android. It's based on Google's code, but the interface is all Nokia -- and it doesn't come with any Google apps. (You can install them if you "root" the device, but that will void the warranty.) Instead, what you get is a mix and match of Nokia apps as well as some tweaks to allow Microsoft's Bing search engine into the picture.. While this may sound like a fine idea in theory, Google has made its services a very large part of the Android ecosystem, and because of that, the Nokia X feels lacking. For a start, if you've already made purchases on the Google Play store on your old phone, these aren't transferrable.. This is point is moot if you're a new smartphone user, but you're still missing out on the sheer number of available apps in the Google Play store. Popular messaging app WhatsApp wasn't available on the Nokia Store, for example, so I had to download a third-party app store called 1MobileMarket and install it from there instead.. The lack of Google support also means you won't readily be importing your contacts from your Gmail account. In my case I manually downloaded my address book as a vCard. The Nokia X didn't recognise the country codes in front of the phone numbers, however, so incoming calls and messages won't show contact details.. As for the UI, it's still the same Windows Phone lookalike from when it was announced at Mobile World Congress , and unlike the more usable Microsoft mobile operating system, the Nokia X is confusing.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Nokia X. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Nokia X Dual SIM. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Nokia X Dual SIM smartphone was launched in February 2014. The phone comes with a 4.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 800 pixels at a PPI of 233 pixels per inch. Nokia X Dual SIM price in India starts from Rs. The Nokia X Dual SIM is powered by 1GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play processor and it comes with 512MB of RAM. The phone packs 4GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Nokia X Dual SIM packs a 3-megapixel primary camera on the rear The Nokia X Dual SIM runs Nokia X platform 1.0 and is powered by a 1500mAh removable battery. It measures 115.50 x 63.00 x 10.40 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 128.70 grams. The Nokia X Dual SIM is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Excellent design and build quality Great camera Innovative UI Runs most Android apps Bad No front camera Average battery life Potential for confusion if Android apps display errors Uncertain platform future. Read detailed Nokia X Dual SIM review. Nokia X Software Platform 1.2 Update Now Rolling Out. Nokia X Dual SIM Android smartphone price dropped to Rs. How to root Nokia X and get access to Play Store and Google Now. Nokia X gets first source-built custom Android ROM. More Nokia mobiles Nokia mobiles price in India. Nokia X Dual SIM Price in India X Dual SIM (Black, 4GB) Rs. 5,999 X Dual SIM (Red, 4GB) Rs. 6,500 X Dual SIM (White, 4GB) Rs. 6,999 X Dual SIM (Green, 4GB) Rs. Nokia X Dual SIM detailed specifications. Release date February 2014 Dimensions (mm) 115.50 x 63.00 x 10.40 Weight (g) 128.70 Battery capacity (mAh) 1500 Removable battery Yes Colours White, Black, Red, Green, Blue, Yellow. Screen size (inches) 4.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x800 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 233. Processor 1GHz dual-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play RAM 512MB Internal storage 4GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 3-megapixel Rear Flash No Front camera No. Operating System Nokia X platform 1.0. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 3.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Nokia X Dual SIM. 3.3 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 5 3 Star 2 2 Star 3 1 Star 1. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 9 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. Better to buy Sony Xperia E1 except of Nokia X. By Shaique Rizwan | 1 May 2014. I had used Nokia X for a whole month. It looks very good in hands from outside. But its performance is not too good as compared to Sony Xperia E1 at same prices. Nokia X is only good looking phone but not a good phone for its performance. And if we will root it for Google services then it gives more poor performance. And also it is not looking same as lumia UI. It looks shabby as compared to its lumia UI live tiles. And also lumia type live tiles is not live as it only gives the preview of saved images only.. And the most important thing is that Nokia X is running only 4.1 jellybean OS where as Sony Xperia E1 is running 4.3 jellybean and also can update to the latest Kitkat 4.4 android version. At last i came to this conclusion that a user will not have to buy Nokia X as it gives very bad performance.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 11 out of 11 people found this review helpful. Good phone marred by microsoft restrictions. By Debojyoti Kundu | 8 May 2014. I got my nokia x few weeks back for my father at 7k and I am quite happy with my decision. The phone has a good build quality and the screen is also surprisingly good at this price. The loudspeaker is loud enough to watch videos and call quality is also loud and clear. The ui is unique for an android device but it is pretty straightforward and easy to use. The device runs smoothly with some occasional lags when multiple apps are open. Games like plants vs zombies runs perfectly and didn't slow down the device. However I have not tried any high end games on this phone. The phone comes preloaded with lots of games mostly junk. The only drawback is non availability of Google apps which is bad as we are all used to multiple Google services in our lives particularly Google now and the maps. However you can sideload apps apk and run them if they are supported. The Nokia app store has a decent number of popular apps which are enough for most users. The camera is ok as you shouldn't expect a good one at this price. Overall a nice phone in this budget if you are not too much into gaming and dont bother about tons of apps.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 4 people found this review helpful. By Praful Yadav | 5 May 2014. Firstly I will give 10/10 to Nokia to accept Android Os. But when we think it without google services, we may think it's not good enough like other android devices. But as per my taste Its a great move from boring classic icon based interfaces to a metro look android device. Now some points for those who interested to buy this device but little bit confused. Ok, I'm expressing something why one may opt nokia x series phone.. OneDrive (Free cloud space to store personal data). Outlook (the better mailing experience with Microsoft). Less battery consume as heavy google devices outed. Nokia Extended Warranty service up to 3 years. So, One request to those, who are writing bad comments without using it, please don't do it. Just use it & then post your comments.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 5 people found this review helpful. By Ravi Ninjar | 8 May 2014. I purchased Nokia X last month with hopes that Nokia would surely provide a reliable phone. Needless to say, I am disappointed by the purchase.. There are several flaws, fastlane is just meaningless. Also, the unlocking system is worthless, my calls gets disconnected while removing my phone from the pocket.. I cracked my screen last week :), but even Nokia service stations in 2 cities don't have a replacement.. The phone heats up a lot and call quality is not up to mark. The camera is too basic and low light captures are just blank. Overall, Nokia should have invested to have better phone experiences. People please stay away from this one as it is a sheer waste of money.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. An affordable android smartphone from Nokia. By Irshu Lx | 15 May 2014. the screen is amazing for a midlevel smartphone. I replaced the existing tile based UI with "GO Launcher ", now the UI is smooth and fluid. I give it 9.5/10 because i dont have access to Play store.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 3 people found this review helpful. Nokia X Software Platform 1.2 Update Now Rolling Out. Nokia X Dual SIM Android smartphone price dropped to Rs. How to root Nokia X and get access to Play Store and Google Now. Nokia X gets first source-built custom Android ROM. Nokia X buyers to get 500MB of free 3G data per month from Airtel. Nokia X receiving minor software update with performance improvements. Nokia X 'sold out' within four minutes at Chinese retailer. Nokia X Android smartphone security features detailed. More Nokia X Dual SIM news. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 3310 4G Nokia 6 (2018) Nokia 2 Nokia 7 Nokia 3310 3G Nokia 130 (2017) Nokia 105 (2017) Nokia 9 Nokia 3310 (2017) Nokia 8 Nokia E1 Nokia 5 Nokia 3 Nokia P1 Nokia 3310 Nokia 6 Nokia 150 Dual SIM Nokia 150 Nokia 216 Dual SIM Nokia 230 Dual SIM Nokia 230 Nokia 222 Dual SIM Nokia 222 Nokia 105 (2015) Dual SIM Nokia 105 (2015) Nokia 215 Dual SIM. Nokia X Dual Sim vs. Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia X Dual Sim vs. Micromax E390 Lenovo A6000 vs. Nokia X Dual Sim Nokia Lumia 636 vs. Nokia X Dual Sim Nokia X Dual Sim vs. Blackberry Z10 Intex Aqua Y2 Pro vs. Nokia X Dual Sim Nokia X Dual Sim vs. Huawei G300 Nokia Xl Dual Sim vs. Nokia X Dual Sim Panasonic Eluga S vs. Nokia X Dual Sim Nokia Lumia 930 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Nokia X Dual SIM in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Nokia , later Microsoft Mobile [1] [2]. Your Fastlane to Android apps. ( GSM / GPRS / EDGE ): 850, 900, 1,800 and 1,900. 3G ( HSDPA 7.2. Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen display, up to 2 fingers. MB in Nokia X+ and XL ). Media related to Nokia X at Wikimedia Commons. Nokia X range of Android Devices. Nokia X platform (Modified Android Jelly Bean 4.1.2 [4] ). The Nokia X was a mid-tier smartphone announced as part of the Nokia X family in February 2014, running on the Nokia X platform. The device shipped on the same day as the unveiling, with Nokia targeting the product for emerging markets. It is currently sold and maintained by Microsoft Mobile. On 17 July 2014, Microsoft announced that it would discontinue the line, [5] but would revive its model number as a new Lumia product to be announced at MWC 2015. The X was previously under development known as Normandy , [6] Project N , [7] the Asha on Linux project [8] and MView. Stephen Elop unveiling the phone at MWC 2014. The phone was unveiled by Stephen Elop at the 2014 Mobile World Congress, Barcelona. [ when? ] Contrary to previous leaks, two variants, Nokia X [10] and Nokia X+ [11] were released, with the Nokia X+ having 768. MB of RAM, as opposed to 512. MB of RAM, as well as with a microSD card included in the box. A third phone, the Nokia XL , was announced, with a larger screen, front-facing camera, rear flash, and longer battery runtime. Very soon after release, a developer had rooted the device, and enabled the installation of Google's apps and services. The Nokia X was heavily criticized for not having a home button, but the error is being fixed in the next Nokia X phones. [15] The newly introduced Nokia X2 had fixed this.. In an interview with Forbes , former HMD Global CEO Arto Nummela stated that analysis showed that the Nokia X series became surprisingly popular with users of high end Samsung and Apple smartphone devices, despite the fact that it was a mid to low end device family. ^ a b "Nokia X Dual SIM - Affordable dual SIM smartphone with Android™ apps - Nokia". Retrieved 5 August 2014. ^ Carey, Bridget (25 April 2014). "Goodbye Nokia phones, hello Microsoft Mobile - CNET". Archived from the original on 25 August 2014. Retrieved 5 August 2014. ^ Jesdanun, Anick (18 July 2014). "Axed Nokia X phones suffered from lack of identity". Retrieved 16 January 2018. ^ "Nokia X rooted, Google Apps installed to make it more useful". ^ Warren, Tom (17 July 2014). "Microsoft kills off its Nokia Android phones | The Verge". Retrieved 5 August 2014. ^ Blass, Evan (23 January 2014). "Twitter / evleaks: Project Normandy = Nokia X". Retrieved 5 August 2014. ^ Blass, Evan (11 December 2013). "Twitter / evleaks: FYI (and in case you hadn't ..." Twitter. Retrieved 5 August 2014. ^ Thurrott, Paul (12 December 2013). "Nokia Reportedly Eyeing Android as a Replacement for Asha | Paul Thurrotts WinInfo content from Windows IT Pro". Retrieved 5 August 2014. ^ Warren, Tom (13 September 2013). "Nuclear options: Microsoft was testing Surface Phone while Nokia experimented with Android | The Verge". Retrieved 5 August 2014. "X Dual SIM - Affordable dual SIM smartphone with Android apps". "X+ Dual SIM - Affordable dual SIM smartphone with Android apps". ^ Brandom, Russell (2013-09-30). "This is Nokia X: Android and Windows Phone collide". ^ "Xtraordinarily xcellent: the Nokia X family - Nokia Conversations. ^ Nokia X rooted and Google apps installed; Android is Android - AndroidCentral. ^ Exclusive: Next-gen Nokia X series smartphones to get a dedicated home button | Latest Tech News, Video & Photo Reviews at BGR India. 1 Developed by Microsoft Mobile , Nokia branding under transitional license agreement. 2 Developed by HMD Global , Nokia branding under transitional license agreement. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Capacitive touchscreen mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2014. Hidden categories: All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from March 2015 All articles with vague or ambiguous time Vague or ambiguous time from June 2015. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه বাংলা Català Deutsch فارسی Français Bahasa Indonesia Latviešu Polski Русский Suomi తెలుగు Türkçe Tiếng Việt 中文. This page was last edited on 16 January 2018, at 08:22. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Nokia 6 , Nokia 5 , and Nokia 3. Nokia X platform (a fork of Google Android ). We have a great relationship with Nokia. They may do some things we're excited about. Other things we are LESS excited. But whatever they do we are very supportive of the partnership. Joe Belfiore , Corporate VP for Windows Phone, Microsoft [45]. Nokia XL 4G [ edit ]. Internal storage and included microSD card. MP, autofocus and LED flash. MP, autofocus and LED flash. MP, autofocus and LED flash. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. WCDMA 850 / 900 / 2100. TD-LTE bands - 38 (2570-2620. 2G = Up to 28.5 days. 3G = Up to 22 days. 2G = Up to 28.5 days. 3G = Up to 22 days. 2G = Up to 41 days. 3G = Up to 26 days. 2 SIM cards = Up to 23 days. 2G = Up to 13.3 hours. 3G = Up to 10.5 hours. 2G = Up to 13.3 hours. 3G = Up to 10.5 hours. 2G = Up to 16 hours. 3G = Up to 13 hours. 2G = Up to 10 hours. 3G = Up to 13 hours. 2G = Up to 15 hours. 3G = Up to 11 hours. Nokia X 1.x software platform (AOSP 4.1.2). Nokia X 1.x software platform (AOSP 4.1.2). Nokia X 1.x software platform (AOSP 4.1.2). Nokia X 2.x software platform (AOSP 4.3). Nokia X 1.x software platform (AOSP 4.3). Nokia N1 – Nokia's new Android tablet. Fire OS – the Android Open Source Project derivative by Amazon.com. Nokia N9 — Nokia's previous product of Linux Project ( MeeGo ). HMD Global - the company making the new range of Nokia smartphones in 2017. Media related to Nokia X family at Wikimedia Commons. Not to be confused with Nokia Xseries or XpressMusic .. Microsoft Lumia 435 and 532. The Nokia X family was a range of smartphones that was produced and marketed by Microsoft Mobile , originally introduced in February 2014 by Nokia. The smartphones run on the Nokia X platform , a Linux based operating system which was a fork of Android. Nokia X series ran on Symbion S60 5th Edition which existed since the late 1990s many years before Android existed please repair page to relflect fact) Nokia X is also a model of phone, known generally as the Nokia Normandy. as per Wikipedia pages Nokia X6 system is Symbion S60. The first Android device Nokia made, and came as a surprise as the company was in its Microsoft partnership and was in the process of selling its mobile phone business to Microsoft, which eventually happened two months later. Nokia X phone known as: Nokia Normandy, Nokia A110, Nokia X Dual SIM RM-980 with dual-SIM card slots is the only phone Nokia released using Android prior to Microsoft purchasing the Mobile Division of Nokia.. The Nokia X devices heavily resemble the newer (50x and 230) Asha phones, and also contain some Lumia features. They have a single "back" button like the Asha 50x and 230. A "home" button was added to the X2 series when they were released in June 2014. [2] They are affordable, low-cost smartphones that were only sold in emerging markets, and never made its way to Western Europe or North America.. Nokia CEO Stephen Elop called it the Nokia X family during an announcement, possibly to distinguish it from the unrelated Xseries that ran from 2009 to 2011.. In July 2014, Microsoft Mobile announced the end of the X range after just five months (as well as Asha and Series 40 ) in favor of solely producing and encouraging the use of Windows Phone products. 2.3 Nokia XL 4G. Despite choosing the Windows Phone operating system for its Lumia series of smartphones, Nokia had experimented with the Android platform in the past. Images of a Nokia N9 running Android 2.3 were leaked in 2011. They were believed to be genuine, as Steven Elop mentioned Nokia had considered using Android at one time. On 13 September 2013, the New York Times writer Nick Wingfield revealed that Nokia had been testing the Google Android operating system on its Lumia hardware. Another project, known as "Asha on Linux", used a forked version of Android without Google services. The Asha series previously ran the Java-based Series 40 and Asha platforms. These were not as functional as a similarly priced low-end Android handset, a price range that Windows was not able to provide Windows Phones in. [6] Meltemi (operating system), a Linux-based operating system designed to replace Series 40, had been scrapped by the company. The Chinese technology site CTechnology revealed that despite the announced merge of Nokia with Microsoft, development of the Asha on Linux project was continuing until November 2013 and 10,000 prototype units had been manufactured by Foxconn , containing a Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 8225Q chip. A report by Tom Warren from The Verge on 11 December 2013 showed an Asha-like device, codenamed "Normandy". He said that "despite the finalisation of the acquisition, development of the device is continuing." [9] As of late January 2014 the deal stands as not finalized because of scrutiny from Chinese regulators. [10] ) AllThingsD suggested that Microsoft may not stop development of the device. A 14 December 2013 report by CTechnology claimed that the device development had been halted, along with an Android-based 7 inches (18. The two projects were to have been created by Nokia's CTO division, which Microsoft did not acquire, with Peter Skillman, the head of UX Design, at the helm of the UI design. The report said that wearable devices were the new focus of the CTO division. A further leak by @evleaks showed a press image with several colour options for the phone. According to NokiaPowerUser , the device was dual-SIM with a 4 inches (10. cm) display, the model number was RM-980, and it had a 640×360 resolution. [16] In a second report, they suggested the device may be a member of the Asha range, as the development team was headed by Egil Kvaleberg (from Smarterphone ), and the UI led by Peter Skillman (who worked on the Asha Platform's Swipe UI). A tweet by @evleaks on 31 December 2013 stated that " The reports of Normandy's death have been greatly exaggerated ". A leak on the ITHome technology website showed a blurred image of the phone, and the app drawer of its UI in operation, confirming it to be a dual-SIM device. However, no Nokia logos were found on the device. @evleaks later posted screenshots of the UI, showing the lock screen and Skype in action. The device later showed up on the AnTuTu benchmark software as Nokia A110 , with KitKat 4.4.1 , a 5MP camera and an 854 x 480 display. Two new photos of the Engineering prototype were leaked in January 2014. [22] One shows a different app launcher than previous photos, suggesting a placeholder. On 13 January 2014, a press photo showing the tile-like UI of the home screen was leaked, [24] and was accompanied by a screenshot of the Asha platform's Fastlane -style notification centre the next day. [25] According to Eldar Murtazin, Microsoft was not keen on the idea, saying there were "too many politics" around the project. He claimed it would have to be released in February, before the acquisition of Nokia was completed, if at all. [26] Another source suggested Microsoft would use the device as a trojan horse to increase Windows Phone adoption. The phone (with the model code RM-980) was certified by the Indonesian authorities on 21 January 2014, suggesting a close launch date. On 23 January 2014, Nokia sent out invitations to its press event at Mobile World Congress on 24 February 2014, where the device would be unveiled, if it wasn't cancelled. @evleaks later tweeted that the name of the phone is Nokia X. A few days later, the specifications were leaked by @evleaks. The device had a dual core Snapdragon processor, 512. GB internal storage memory, a 1500. MAh battery, Nokia Store and third-party app stores, confirming its placement into the low-end market segment. On 30 January 2014, the French website nowhereelse.fr released more photos of the device, showing its form factor and rear view for the first time. According to GoAndroid , an anonymous Senior Nokia Executive Officer in India revealed that the device would debut in India in March 2014 under the Asha line. NokiaPowerUser later revealed that the phone gained certification in Thailand and Malaysia. The Wall Street Journal 's sources confirmed that Nokia was going to reveal the device at the MWC in Barcelona at the end of February 2014. Reports from Artesyn Technologies and tech.qq said Nokia X is the first of several Android devices from Nokia, including high-end models. These additional devices, one named Nokia XX , would be released during May or June 2014, and were claimed to be out of beta and would possibly receive FCC certification. Nokia's social media accounts on Twitter and Facebook had their colour changed to green, which was suggested by WPCentral to be a veiled reference to the Android operating system. @evleaks confirmed that the phone was to be called Nokia X. [40] Rumours of devices being sent to developers in India were published at GSMArena. As the release date grew nearer, teaser videos on Nokia's YouTube and Vine accounts under the hashtag #GreenDuck were released, as well as teaser images, such as a treasure map with an X marking the spot on the Sina Weibo microblog in China. More images of the interface also surfaced, showing the finalised product for the first time. On 18 February 2014, the Hungarian technology website tech2.hu claimed the device was under mass production at Nokia's Komárom plant in Hungary. At a pre-MWC event on 23 February 2014, Microsoft VP for the Windows Phone platform Joe Belfiore was asked about how the company would feel in the event that Nokia released an Android phone. The phone was unveiled by the Nokia CEO at Mobile World Congress on 24 February 2014. Two variants, the Nokia X and the Nokia X+ were released, with the Nokia X+ having 768. MB RAM as opposed to the 512. MB RAM reported by leaks, as well as a microSD card included in the box. The phone also contained the Lumia-inspired UI design, in addition to the Nokia suite of mobile applications as previously leaked. Nokia XL , released at the end of Q2. A third phone, the Nokia XL, was released, with a larger screen, front-facing camera, rear flash and greater battery life. [47] The XL featured 768. MB of RAM and a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 chipset with a dual-core 1.0. On 24 June 2014, Microsoft launched the Nokia X2, which featured 1. GB of RAM and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 chipset with a dual-core 1.2. [49] It was launched with an official price of €99 (US$135; £80). [2] It also had single and dual-SIM options. The Nokia XL 4G was released in China in July 2014. GHz quad-core CPU over the 1.0. GHz dual-core CPU in the original Nokia XL, LTE support of LTE bands, 1. GB of RAM over the original 768. In an interview with Forbes , former HMD Global CEO Arto Nummela stated that analysis showed that the Nokia X series became surprisingly popular with users of high end Samsung and Apple smartphone devices, despite the fact that it was a mid to low end device family. The source of information is from the developer.nokia.com and the website of Microsoft mobile China. ^ a b Kelion, Leo (2014-06-24). "Microsoft to release Android-powered Nokia X2 handset". ^ "Microsoft is killing off Nokia's feature phones in favor of Windows Phone". Retrieved 17 July 2014. ^ Savov, Vlad (2011-06-14). ^ Wingfield, Nick (2013-09-13). "Behind Microsoft Deal, the Specter of a Nokia Android Phone". New York City: The New York Times Company. ^ Blandford, Rafe (2013-12-11). "Asha Normandy — an Android powered phone from Nokia?". ^ Reisinger, Don (2012-06-26). "Nokia quietly kills Linux-based Meltemi, report says". ^ Bielinis, Stasys (2013-09-19). "Nokia still working on Android phone, won't cancel until November. ^ Warren, Tom (2013-12-10). ^ Burrows, Peter; Bass, Dina (2014-01-30). "Google's Moto Sale Casts Doubts on Microsoft's Nokia Plan". ^ Fried, Ina (2013-12-11). "Why Nokia Is Building an Android Phone and Why Microsoft Might Not Kill It". ^ Bielinis, Stasys (2013-12-16). "Nokia abandons Peter Skillman led Android adaptation plans, refocuses on wearables, smart glasses for 2015". ^ Swanner, Nate (2013-12-16). "Nokia Android phone, along with other projects, might be shelved". ^ "诺基亚已放弃 Android 手机/平板计划，未来将力推穿戴式设备" [Nokia has abandoned Android phone/tablet plans, and in future will be pushing wearable devices]. Archived from the original on 2014-03-26. ^ Wagner, Alex (2013-12-23). "New Nokia Normandy leak shows the Android device in several colors". "Dual-Sim RM-980 may be Nokia Normandy with 4-inch display". "More details about Nokia's "Project N". Why Android, the team & the missed oppurtunity". "Twitter / evleaks: The reports of Normandy's death have been greatly exaggerated". ^ "Nokia's first Android phone purportedly shown again in leaked pic". ^ Wagner, Alex (2014-01-08). "Latest Nokia Normandy leak includes screenshots of custom Android software". "Nokia Normandy shows up on AnTuTu. 5 MP Cam, 854 x 480 display, running Android KitKat 4.4.1". ^ "Engineering prototype of Nokia Normandy leaks in a live photo". ^ Callaham, John (2014-01-13). "Image of Nokia's Android phone prototype Normandy leaked [Update with Android skin UI]". ^ Pratap, Ketan (2014-01-14). "Nokia 'Normandy' budget Android phone purportedly leaked in multiple images". ^ Goodwin, Richard (2014-03-12). "Nokia X Now On Sale In India For INR 8,600". ^ a b "Nokia Normandy Android Phone Ready, If Politics Don't Get in the Way, Sources Say". ^ "Nokia Normandy (RM-980) gets certified in Indonesia – Launch Date Close?". ^ Nokia Normandy Android phone may see MWC reveal, if Microsoft doesn't stop it | News | TechRadar. ^ Android-based Nokia Normandy smartphone gets a name: Call it the 'Nokia X' - Winbeta. ^ Nokia X specs leak, confirm low-end Android. : Photos et caractéristiques finales du NOKIA sous Android?. ^ "Nokia X (Normandy) Coming In March Under Asha Series In India". ^ "Nokia Normandy passes certification in Malaysia now. ^ "Nokia Normandy aka Nokia X gets certified in Thailand. ^ Nokia Releasing First Android Phone - Wall Street Journal. ^ "Nokia X the first of many Android smartphones planned for 2014: Report | NDTV Gadgets". ^ "High-end Nokia Android smartphone may launch sooner than you think". ^ Nokia goes green, teases upcoming Mobile World Congress Android reveal. ^ Nokia's turning green, Android is green — this is not a coincidence. ^ Another marketing render from the Android-based Nokia X leaked - Neowin. ^ Nokia sends Nokia X Normandy to developers in India - GSMArena. ^ Nokia X A110 photo gives us first peek at new UI - GSMArena. ^ Nokia teases ‘Nokia X’ with “Green Duck” video now. Says, 5 days to Go!! - NPU. ^ Komáromban már gyártják az első androidos Nokia okostelefont -tech2.hu. ^ Live Blog - Microsoft Media and Analyst day - WPCentral. ^ Robertson, Adi (2014-02-24). "This is Nokia X: Android and Windows Phone collide". ^ a b "Xtraordinarily xcellent: the Nokia X family — Nokia Conversations. "Nokia XL Smartphone price and Full Specifications". ^ McCann, John (2014-06-24). "Nokia X2 launches with bigger screen, more power and home key". "Nokia X2 Dual price and Full Specifications". Series 60 ( N-Gage ). Operating systems by Microsoft. Android Open Source Project (AOSP). Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. LG UX ( Optimus UI ). Samsung Experience ( Samsung TouchWiz ). Categories : Smartphones Nokia phones by series Microsoft hardware. Hidden categories: CS1 Chinese-language sources (zh). Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 6 December 2017, at 20:50. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 4 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (42). Click to read the full review. Too little RAM memory (0.5 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (233 ppi). The most prominent feature of the Nokia X is the fact that it runs on a “forked” version of Android. Nokia took the open source parts of Android from the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) and built a new platform on top of it. In terms of specs, the Nokia X is a decidedly affordable smartphone that impresses with price, not with ground-breaking silicon. It comes with a 4-inch 480 x 800-pixel capacitive IPS LCD touchscreen, a 3-megapixel fixed-focus camera and a 1GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 chip. With 512MB of RAM and 4GB of storage, it looks decently powerful for its price.. The device comes in one of six colors, and all of them are typically vibrant and cheerful in a typical Nokia fashion. The Nokia X features only 3G connectivity with download speeds of up to 7.2Mbps. It also has a 1500mAh battery with quoted talk time of over 10 hours.. The device comes in one of six colors, and all of them are typically vibrant and cheerful in a typical Nokia fashion. The Nokia X features only 3G connectivity with download speeds of up to 7.2Mbps. It also has a 1500mAh battery with quoted talk time of over 10 hours.. Nokia X and Nokia X+ hands-on Nokia X manual Nokia X benchmarks. Dimensions: 4.55 x 2.48 x 0.41 inches (115.5 x 63 x 10.4 mm). Weight: 4.54 oz (129 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Colors: Black, Yellow, Green, Blue, Red, White. Display Physical size: 4.0 inches. Resolution: 480 x 800 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Settings: ISO control, White balance presets. 864 x 480 pixels 30 fps. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 13.30 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 17.0 days (408 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 10.50 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Data: HSDPA 7.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Cell ID, Wi-Fi positioning. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 24 Feb 2014. Shopping information Accessories: High Efficiency Charger AC-20, Nokia Battery BN-01 1500 mAh, Nokia Stereo Headset WH-108, Quick guide. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Nokia RM-980 (Dual SIM). Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Nokia X specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. PCD G'zOne Type-V / Casio Hitachi G-Shock NX9200. The best and worst Nokia smartphones we've ever reviewed. Update brings some of Nokia X2's software features to the Nokia X, X+, and XL. Microsoft CEO says some Nokia X devices will be revamped to Windows Phone ones. Microsoft and Gameloft are giving away several games to all Nokia X devices until August 31. Nokia X2 vs Nokia X vs Nokia XL: specs comparison. Microsoft unveils the Nokia X2: a little more of the same. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Microsoft tries to own all the Google juice. A well built and designed budget smartphone that shows off some of the best of Nokia. It's let down by weak performance, but at the right price it's a strong offering despite an uncertain future.. Ever since Nokia decided to go all-in with Windows Phone, there has been a nagging feeling that it would have been better off using Android as its mobile operating system of choice.. A feeling that has got stronger as Android devices have so rapidly taken over the lion's share of smartphone sales.. At Mobile Web Congress in February 2014, Nokia finally fulfilled this dream by announcing the Nokia X range comprising the Nokia X (reviewed here), a higher specified X+ and the physically larger Nokia XL. Not just one Android phone, but a whole range.. There was more than a little irony in seeing Stephen Elop, once a Microsoft stalwart and the architect of Nokia's Windows Phone strategy announcing these new devices on stage. He went to great pains to point out that the Nokia X is a phone running AOSP, the Android Open Source Project.. This project underpins every Android phone in the world. As always in the Nokia story, it is not quite as simple as that. While the Nokia X runs Android, it does not run Google Android.. Briefly, Android as we know it is typically made of two parts; the underlying Android system and the Google apps. The underlying Android system is what the Nokia X runs along with all the usual well known Android phones such as the Samsung Galaxy S range and the HTC One M8 .. Unlike those devices though, the Nokia X does not run Google apps. In order to run Google apps – Gmail, Maps, Calendar, Google Now etc – phones need to be certified. Nokia has not taken this step and it has done so on purpose.. The Nokia X software is based off of Android 4.1, a version released in July 2012. There is so far no information on updates but we can only hope Android 4.4 is planned as that version is designed to run on lower end hardware.. Nokia has designed the X to use the equivalent services from itself and from Microsoft, and Nokia has provided an API for everything that Google provides meaning that developers should be able to port apps quite easily.. This makes the Nokia X an Android phone by name, but one that would perhaps be unfamiliar to those already used to running Android on other mainstream devices. If you are thinking of switching to the Nokia X from another Android device, it is most important to note that the Play Store is not available.. It is possible to side-load any legally obtainable apps including other app stores such as the Amazon app store, but even that wont bring Google services to the Nokia X.. Who would have imagined a Microsoft product running Android? It does seem like an anomaly, and by the looks of it that's exactly what the Nokia X will be - an anomaly.. Microsoft has announced that it will be ditching its Android plans altogether , leaving just four Nokia branded handsets running the heavily modified version of Google's platform - the X, X+, XL and X2.. Moving on from this muted outlook, what do you get on the Nokia X? The standout software included are Nokia HERE Maps, a fantastic alternative to Google apps, and Nokia MixRadio which is a great way to stream your favorite music on demand.. Instead of the Play Store you will find the Nokia Store, which is already starting to fill out with many top apps. Nokia include Facebook and Twitter apps along with BlackBerry Messenger as standard. Various simple games are loaded on the X as well. All these apps run on a heavily customised version of Android 4.1.. Powering the Nokia X is a dual-core Snapdragon S4 Play processor running at 1GHz with 512Mb of RAM and 4GB of internal storage, which can be supplemented by a microSD card. The X has a 4-inch WVGA (800 x 480) LCD display and a fixed focus 3MP camera on the back. These are very modest specs indeed and that does end up informing the whole experience of using the Nokia X.. What makes up for that is the price, the range starts at just €89, £80 (around $120, AU$135). This is a phone targeted at emerging markets, at people who are buying their first smartphone and perhaps their first phone. Some buyers of the Nokia X will have never bought any sort of computing device before.. Nokia has brought the X range to Europe, including the UK, but it has been clearly designed to replace the top end of Nokia's Asha range of phones. The Asha range is filled with very nicely designed but slow and simple feature phones, which have very limited capabilities.. The Nokia X is a decent step up from an Asha device and has the potential to do a lot more. Here in the UK, other reasonable smartphones are available for a similar price as the X but in its first market, India, this is not the case. Phones at a similar price point suffer from extremely bad design and build quality and very poor performance.. Despite the meager specifications and just a 1500mAh battery, the Nokia X provides a reasonable upgrade for users in these emerging markets who are upgrading from either feature phones or locally produced budget handsets which simply will not have Nokia's level of design and build.. When you pull the rear shell off the Nokia X model it is possible to see another indicator as to the target markets for this new range. The Nokia X is a dual SIM device.. In many other markets, the best value for cellular connectivity is achieved by separating your contracts for voice usage and data usage, which mandates two SIM cards. It's like running your calls through Vodafone and your data through T-Mobile.. On the X, the dual SIM setup supports dual standby that means both SIM cards can be active at the same time. Only slot one supports 3G connections, so that is where you will want to put your data SIM. Both slots are of the micro SIM variety. There is no 4G in sight here, but that is hardly a surprise.. The X range comes in a lovely range of colours with the basic X is available in black, white, cyan, yellow, bright red and the bright green, which is especially striking. The slightly higher spec X+ shares the same palette while the larger XL swaps the red for an even nicer orange colour.. Nokia has done what Nokia always seems to do at the budget end of its range. It has designed and built a phone that looks and feels more expensive than it is, something Nokia do not get enough plaudits for.. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Nokia X is a mid-range smartphone, released by Nokia in February 2014. The Nokia X runs a modified version of Android, named as the Nokia X software platform. The device has a 4" IPS LCD display with a resolution of 480x800. The Nokia X is powered by a Dual-core 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon and 512MB RAM. Other features include 4GB internal storage, with a microSD slot capable of up to 32GB, a 3.15MP camera and a 1500mAh battery.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. X General X Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting X Accessories X Android Development X Original Android Development X Themes and Apps. Lineage OS 13 Help And improvement Project (Update). [FIX] Blank Screen On Boot (format sys_boot). [GUIDE] Nokia X - How boot in Recovery and Bootloader Mode. All Custom ROMS Bugs & fixes [UPDATE 31-1-2016] (Kitkat XL Camera Fix Here !). [HOW-TO] Download and Flash X, X+ and XL Stock ROM with NX Flasher [NOOB FRIENDLY]. Possibility of Android Go in our device?. Format internal sd to ext4 format?. More X Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Threads. Nokia X Flip cover and Screen guards. Nokia X Mocolo Glass Protector review. [NEW][X/XL][ROM]Stock X Revolutionized V3 | SuperCharged | Performance | Battery |. [ROM][NOKIA X/XL][OTA] Lewa OS 5.1 (04-08-2015). [ROM][NOKIA X/XL][PORT][UNOFFICIAL] PACMAN KK ROM 7-10-2016. [RECOVERY][Nokia X/XL] TWRP Recovery 3.2.1-0 (07-02-2018). [RECOVERY][Nokia X] ClockWorkMod Recovery 6.0.4.8 [2014-04-16]. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL]Lineage OS 11 for NOKIA X & XL. [ROM][4.4.4] NOKIA XL CYANOGEMOD 11 {CAMERA WORK} BY Weritos. More X Original Android Development Threads. Stock Android Font(Roboto) for Nokia X. Nokia Pure Fonts - for those who are having problem with their fonts. Dolby Digital Plus for Nokia X. More X Themes and Apps Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Originally from Finland, Nokia ruled the mobile industry for almost a decade.Now owned by and sold under Microsoft, it is usually known for devices that run on Windows, and is popular for its Lumia series.. Nokia and Microsoft combined have over 600 service centres in India.. Overview Prices Expert review User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Nokia X details Low cost Trendy design Standard size display Performance optimised No front camera Read more. The Nokia Normandy is the first ever Nokia phone running on Android operating system, and arrives with a very affordable price tag. It features a trendy design, loaded with all the features required in an average smartphone. It brings good camera, standard sized high quality display, 3G support and much more for the price of featured Asha phones.. Nokia X is the first Android smartphone from Nokia and gives birth to a unique combination that consumers have beeen waiting for years.. The Nokia X sports 4-inch IPS touchscreen with 480 x 800 pixel resolution. It comes in various colors including black, white and red. The Nokia X runs on a forked version of Android 4.1.2, but doesn't let you access Google Play Store.. The smartphone is equipped with 1GHz dual core Snapdragon processor, supported by 512MB of RAM. It features a 3MP primary fixed focus camera, and lacks a front camera for video calling.. The Nokia X houses 4GB of built-in storage, which is expandable using a microSD card slot. The networking and connectivity options are 3G, Wi-Fi, USB port, Bluetooth, aGPS etc. It is backed by a 1,500mAh li-ion battery.. Nokia X price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Nokia X is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 512 MB RAM 4.0 inches (10.16 cm). IPS LCD 3 MP Primary Camera. No Front Camera 1500 mAh. Available 4 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro No Fingerprint sensor FM Radio. First ever Android smartphone from Nokia The best 1 4 Inch Nokia phone. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Mobile Phones in range of 5000 to 10000. Top 10 Camera Mobiles Below 10000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 2,121 RATING(S). 13 Mar 2014 By Kaushik Somaiya On flipkart.com. First let me just swipe away those fools who are criticizing about nokia X. nnClaim 1 ) Nokia X is not pure android, Older version of android blah blah !!nnWait ... did you just said that ? Do you know the difference between various android versions ? I am not talking about interface and features difference. Nokia is a 1865 based company and have years of experience manufacturing phones. So whatever they do you gotta believe in them ! Crapsung and other crap companies have flooded the market and your minds as well with typical grid type icons interface Android mobiles. Whats the deal if Nokia just modified that for a new taste ?nnClaim 2 ) Nokia X uses older Adreno , Qualcomm processors blah blah !!nnOH please, you are not a m.tech in Micro processor. Do you know the architectural difference between older and newer processor ? nIt may be that this version of qual comm is enough for a 512 mb memory. We cant give any judgement until we do not know about the precise architectural differences between processors. nPerhaps India is a country where quantity is selected first rather than quality. Thats the biggest reason why brands such as Micromax have succeeded. People believe that higher processor frequency means higher performance !! Oh please , put on blankets and go to sleep. nnClaim 3) No Apps from Google Play store ! nnPlay store has innumerable developers around the world. You cannot dislike a phone just because it dont have a play store. Here also Quality vs Quantity arises. nPlay store gives quantity of apps including those which access you personal data, steal your private information, access your phone services, eats your battery, and also dares to display ads on their interface when data connection is on. nnClaim 4 ) Poor Camera , low end features blah blah !!nnWhen Samsung, Micromax, others.. says 5MP camera, they are just joking ! nWhen Nokia says 5MP, they actual mean it ! nThere is a quality in every component that nokia makes. nnEven the older Nokia 5230 smart phone gives superb quality videos with just 2MP camera vs the crap Samsung star pro 2MP camera. nnMoral : Dont look after quantity, always go for Quality. nnUPDATE: I dont owe Nokia X because i (will)have Nokia XL. But Recently i visited The Mobile Store shop and used the Demo piece. Let me tell you its really good. Especially the design , you will feel like keep looking at it. The built quality is so tough that you can throw it at some ones head and kill him. The screen is awesome even at such low resolution. The only issue was that the interface was lagging when we swipe the screen. The solution to that is go to settings and turn off the animation feature. Then it would be very fine. 7K is perfect price for this one. And the Camera even being just 3.15MP is exceptional. You can clearly read any thing small written in book or magazine. The fonts and graphics are very smooth and eye pleasing. 13 Mar 2014 By Dixit Mahajan On flipkart.com. Awesome Phone from Nokia now beware of chinese. First of all i want to say something about who are saying bad about Nokia X.n-dont have google play store, camera is 3 mp, only 512 mb ram ....android without playstore no existence etc etc.nni just wanna say who are saying dese are the chinese mobile promoters or who haven't used android phone, who knows 0 about android phones or they spent much amount on chinese and they feel bad for it. nni will explain these BACHAS some basics of android.n-dont have google play store- dont be afraid for this frnds, you can easily install google play store on your android you can download google play store apk file from google or by following linksnnnow 2nd point camera is just 3 mp.n- bacho tum ab chinese chalane vale....toh soch b chinese naa rakho...its nokia 3 mp resolution with actual 3mp quality much better image than 13 mp chinese. its genuine nokia not chinese.quality speaks.nnnow 3rd point-nonly 512 mb ram- the new snapdragon dual core processor performs much better with 512mb ram. you will not feel any lags like in samsung and other chinese brands. lumia 520also having 512 mb ram ....makhan jese chaltannaur mere chinese bachon.....ab 8500 mein tum bache ki jaan loge kya.....abi toh bas starting hai...ekho tumhari dukan band hone ka time aagaya.nnlo mere chinese bachon aaj tumhe kuch naya sikhne ko mila.... Android v4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) SIM Slot(s). 4G: Not Available, 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Black, Blue, Green, Red, White, Yellow. 4.0 inches (10.16 cm) Screen Resolution. 480 x 800 pixels Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play MSM8225 Processor. Dual core, 1 GHz, Cortex A5 Graphics. Exposure compensation, ISO control Camera Features. 4 x Digital Zoom, Face detection. Up to 10.5 Hours(3G) / Up to 13.3 Hours(2G) Standby time. 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. USB 2.0, Mass storage device, USB charging, microUSB 2.0. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. HSDPA 7.2 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Nokia Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4 inches. More RAM: 768 MB vs 512 MB. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 3 MP. Dual core 1.0 GHz SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 4 GB 15786 people viewed together 11412 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 1500 mAH. Lower pixel density: 187 ppi vs 233 ppi. More thickness: 10.9 mm vs 10.4 mm. More weight: 190 grams vs 128.7 grams. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches Processor:. Dual core 1.0 GHz Primary camera: 3 MP. More RAM: 768 MB vs 512 MB. Battery capacity: 1500 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 233 ppi Internal Memory: 4 GB Thickness: 10.4 mm Weight: 128.7 grams 8728 people viewed together 6977 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 4.5 inches vs 4 inches. Quad core 1.2 GHz vs Dual core 1.0 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 3 MP. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 2868 people viewed together 4121 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 2070 mAH vs 1500 mAH. Higher pixel density: 326 ppi vs 233 ppi. More internal memory: 8 GB vs 4 GB. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. More thickness: 11.6 mm vs 10.4 mm. More weight: 143 grams vs 128.7 grams. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.2 GHz vs Dual core 1.0 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 3 MP. Higher battery capacity: 1700 mAH vs 1500 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 233 ppi Internal Memory: 4 GB 3693 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 10.3 mm vs 10.4 mm. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 3 MP. More internal memory: 8 GB vs 4 GB. More expandable memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Screen size: 4 inches Processor:. Dual core 1.0 GHz Pixel density: 233 ppi 6372 people viewed together 3458 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 9.9 mm vs 10.4 mm. Lesser weight: 124 grams vs 128.7 grams. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. Lower battery capacity: 1430 mAH vs 1500 mAH. Lesser SIM card slots: 1 vs 2. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 3 MP. More internal memory: 8 GB vs 4 GB. More expandable memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Screen size: 4 inches Processor:. Dual core 1.0 GHz RAM: 512 MB Pixel density: 233 ppi 4750 people viewed together 3398 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 9.9 mm vs 10.4 mm. Lesser weight: 124 grams vs 128.7 grams. Lower battery capacity: 1430 mAH vs 1500 mAH. Lesser SIM card slots: 1 vs 2. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about Nokia X. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. People who viewed Nokia X also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
XaaS - Everything as a service. Worldwide IoT network grid as a service (WING). Nokia at MWC18 Learn more about Nokia at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. What are you looking for today?. Please choose Product and solutions Services Support and training Latest launches. IoT for Smart Cities is a fully integrated modular and scalable framework to efficiently deliver and manage smart city services.. Nokia introduces services, technology to help operators address needs of digital cities 20.02.2018. Nokia Secure MVNO solution enables mission critical Public Safety communications over commercial networks.. Nokia introduces services, technology to help operators address needs of digital cities 20.02.2018. Nokia brings unsurpassed Wi-Fi experience throughout the home while reducing CSP’s OPEX and generating upsell possibilities.. Nokia enhances whole-home Wi-Fi solution for service providers to provide faster, better, smarter network experience 25.02.2018. Nokia deploying 5G for Vodafone Italy's 5G trial in Milan. Nokia and Facebook work together to expand ecosystem for Fixed Wireless Access over 60 GHz. Nokia enhances whole-home Wi-Fi solution for service providers to provide faster, better, smarter network experience. Nokia to bolster home Wi-Fi portfolio with acquisition of Unium. Nokia and China Mobile to jointly explore use of 5G to drive new business opportunities for vertical industries. Use case: Securing digital age railways against cyberattacks. Video: Unprecedented connectivity at Helsinki Airport with private LTE. Video: 2Gbps on Nokia 4.9G and Qualcomm Snapdragon X24. Why CSPs must deploy IoT device management in SaaS Delivering the TV user experience from the cloud Nokia predicts the future of television. Case Globalstar: 6 ways to leverage their spectrum asset. Open source is taking the telecom industry by storm. © Nokia 2018 All rights reserved. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 121.7 x 68.3 x 11.1 mm, 87.4 cc (4.79 x 2.69 x 0.44 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.3 inches, 52.6 cm 2 (~63.3% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~217 ppi density). - Nokia X platform 2.0 UI. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 5 MP (1/4"), autofocus, LED flash. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - OneDrive (7 GB cloud storage). Removable Li-Ion 1800 mAh battery (BV-5S). Up to 10 h (2G) / Up to 13 h (3G). Glossy green, orange black, yellow, white, matt dark grey. Also known as Nokia X2 RM-1013, Nokia X2DS. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Nokia X2 Dual SIM - user opinions and reviews. I am use since 2015 to this phone it is goood working but..Now play store is not working..... Search Google for "nokia x2 ds root tools". You can root the phone and install google play store and services. You just need a pc or laptop. Or, download king root and then search for google play store and services apk files man.... Use Amazon app store not great but nice to deal with quality app. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Nokia X Nokia XL Nokia 2 Nokia 3 Microsoft Lumia 535 Dual SIM Motorola Moto E Dual SIM. Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 6 Nokia 7 plus Nokia 8 Nokia 6 (2018). 
Nokia's first and possibly last attempt at Android. 4GB on-board storage with microSD card expansion. Available in a variety of colors including black, green, white, red, yellow and blue. The Nokia X was first announced at the annual Mobile World Congress in February 2014. Unlike Nokia's Lumia or Asha devices, the Nokia X runs on a customized version of Android. There's no Google services, but Nokia has created and curated its own Android app store specially for the Nokia X.. The future for the Nokia X line looks a little bleak, with Microsoft announcing a round of layoffs and that in the future the X line will be re-aligned as a low-end Windows Phone device.. Nokia X is both a phone and a family of phones. The 4-inch Nokia X is the base model, and there is also the Nokia X+ and the larger, 5-inch Nokia XL. All run similar hardware and the same software with a consistent experience across each.. The 4-inch Nokia X shapes up like this:. Nokia is taking itself down a new path in the lower end of the market with the Nokia X, but is it any good? Back on Feb. 24 at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, the press – including us – were gathered around the Nokia booth to listen to what Stephen Elop was about to introduce. What came after that was the Nokia X. (And its siblings, the better-spec'd Nokia X+, and the larger.... Nokia has stiff competition in the budget Android space for its first entrant, so how does the Nokia X stack up against the current king, the Moto G? In late 2013 Motorola knocked our socks off with the Moto G. What it delivered was a top of the line Android experience for not a lot of money. It changed the budget space for the better and set a new benchmark for how a cheap Android.... It's a Nokia, with Android, minus the Google Nokia made a big deal out of the Nokia X – and it's sibling products, the X+ and XL – back at Mobile World Congress, it's first foray into the Android world. But it's not exactly Android in the sense we're familiar with in these parts. Take out the Google and add in some square tiles and you're on the right track. Why the Nokia X family is bad for everyone. When you do a thing poorly, nobody benefits I've had a few days to digest the Nokia X product line announcement from early Monday morning. I've tossed things around in my head, trying to get a handle on what Nokia was trying to accomplish with the new products, what it means for both the Windows Phone and Android ecosystems. I've seen the horrible reaction from potential users on.... Nokia X to soon be rebranded as Lumia. In an email to Microsoft employees, CEO Satya Nadella announced that the software giant would trim its global workforce by 18,000 over the course of the year. The first batch of layoffs will begin later this year, and will see over 13,000 employees leaving the organization. In the email, Nadella talked about integrating Nokia's Devices and Services unit into Microsoft, which.... Opera will replace Nokia as default store app. Opera has today announced the company has signed a deal with Microsoft to see its Opera Mobile Store replace Nokia's portal as the default hub for apps and games on select hardware. Nokia feature phones, Symbian, as well as Nokia X mobile devices will be affected by the switch, which will commence in the first quarter of 2015 as Opera begins redirecting consumers through their own store.... The Nokia XL now comes with 4G. The Nokia X family is destined for the chopping block, but that hasn't come in the way of Microsoft launching a 4G enabled version of the Nokia XL in China today. The device comes with upgraded hardware and Chinese D-LTE and TD-SCDMA LTE network compatibility. The hardware enhancements include 1 GB RAM from 768 MB on the standard version of the Nokia XL and a 1.2 GHz quad-core.... Nokia X update brings more Microsoft, a new task switcher and store. The Nokia X line of devices is recieving a sofware update which adds a number of new features and enhancements. These include a number of pre-installed Microsoft services, as well as a new app switcher. When activated, the new app switcher displays your apps as a series of cards. This is a lot like the switcher found on the Nokia X2. To activate it, swipe down from the top of the.... Microsoft and Gameloft give away free games to Nokia X owners. Microsoft has announced that owners of the Nokia X, Nokia X+ and Nokia XL smartphones will be able to download three Gameloft game titles for free from now until August 31. One of the three games is Real Football 2014, which will allow owners of the Android-based smartphones a chance to get in some virtual football action as the 2014 World Cup starts to heat up for the final..... Microsoft today announced the Nokia X2, the successor to the original X released by Nokia, as was previously teased with Nokia Conversations blog post. Priced at just €99, it's an affordable Android smartphone for targeted markets. The 4.3-inch display with Nokia Glance is joined by expandable internal storage, dual-SIM support, as well as apps and services from Microsoft. Microsoft Mobile has published a small teaser article on the old Nokia Conversations blog, revealing a countdown for June 24th. Not giving much away, the company teases that "summer brings out our inner glow... stay tuned to Conversations to find out what we've got in store". We're not entirely sure what the company will announce, but since it's green (similar to teasers for the Nokia X.... Next Nokia X reportedly getting home button to fix common complaint. Different folks have a different perpective on the Nokia X but if a new report is to be believed, Microsoft will be fixing at least one common complaint in the next generation device. According to BGR India, the Nokia X successor is currently in development and will be getting a dedicated home button like regular Android devices. One of the issues we noticed with the Nokia X during.... Nokia X software update adds a little more Microsoft. Nokia has a software update pushing out for its Android powered Nokia X that among other things adds a little bit more Microsoft into the mix. Not a lot, but as part of the software version 1.1.2.2 update OneDrive is now pre-installed onto the phone. The Nokia X also receives a brand new Contact Transfer app that should help folks move their numbers across much easier, as well as an.... Microsoft starts selling the 5-inch Nokia XL in APAC and IMEA regions. Almost two months after the launch of the Nokia X, Nokia has announced that the Nokia XL is available for sale in the APAC (Asia Pacific) and IMEA (India, Middle East & Africa) regions. With a 5-inch screen, the Nokia XL is the largest device in the Nokia X family of Android smartphones. The Nokia XL is targeted at the entry-level segment and will be available for 109 Euros. The Android Central App is available in the Nokia X store!. Android Central, but on a Nokia! Well, you knew this was going to happen, right?! If you've picked up a Nokia X then you're definitely going to want to grab the Android Central App, available to download right this second in the Nokia X Store! Just fire it up on your device, search for "Android Central App" and you should see Lloyd looking right back at you. China loves Nokia X, 1 million pre-orders and counting. The Nokia X isn't for many of us in these parts, but it certainly is for plenty of folks in China. The most populated country on Earth has taken a shine to Nokia's own take on an Android powered smartphone with Nokia announcing 1 million pre-orders for it already.. Nokia X coming to India on March 10. Nokia's new budget phone, the Android-powered (but very much Microsoft-centric) Nokia X, will be heading to one of the world's most important emerging markets next Monday. Invites sent out by Nokia India asks guests to "Xperience a new beginning" on March 10 with local exec P Balaji leading the event. Our sister site Windows Phone Central will be on the ground next Monday to cover the.... Nokia X rooted and Google apps installed; Android is Android. Nokia X now one step closer to a 'real' Android phone you won't want to buy When Nokia was handing out Nokia X developer units, they had to know this was coming. Using the Framaroot app the Nokia X has been rooted, and with root comes the ability to add other apps to the system — including Google's own closed-source apps. Now you can have your Google services on your Android phone,.... Attacking from the bottom: why Nokia's Android-powered phones make sense. Today, at the start of Mobile World Congress, Nokia made it official. I’m not going to rehash all of the data or walk you through the basics of the phone since that’s already been covered in-depth quite well today. While some at Microsoft may be embarrassed by what Nokia is doing, I can see how it’s a smart move that will help. First look at the Android Central App on the Nokia X!. Nokia says 75 percent of all Android apps should be able to run just fine on the new Nokia X line. So we put that to the test here at Mobile World Congress by (what else?) installing the Android Central App. So how'd it go? As you'd expect, sideloading an app on the Nokia X is exactly like on any other Android phone. You'll need to tick the "Unknown.... Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. nokia x3 nokia x6 nokia x2 nokia x3-02 nokia x7 nokia x2-00 nokia x1 samsung nokia lumia 920 nokia x2-01 nokia n nokia c7. All Listings - Current page. Save nokia x to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow nokia x to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Nokia X3-02 - Cellular Phone (Factory Unlocked!). Nokia X6 x6-00 8gb/16gb/32gb 3G Wifi GPS 5MP Original Touchscreen Cell phone. X7 Original unlocked Nokia X7-00 mobile phone GPS WIFI 8MP 4.0" Touchscreen 3G. Nokia X3-02 Touch and Type - Black&White&Ro se (Unlocked) Cellular Phone GSM WIFI. Nokia X Series X3-00 (Unlocked) Cellular Phone 3.2MP MP3 Player Free Shipping. Nokia X2 Dual sim RM-1013 1GB RAM 4GB ROM 3G WCDMA 5MP Camera Original Unlocked. Original Nokia X7 Mobile Phone 4.0" Touchscreen Wi-Fi GPS 3G GSM 8MP X7-00. Original NOKIA X RM-980 Dual Sim Unlocked Qual-Core 4GB ROM 4'' 3MP 3G WIFI GPS. Nokia X RM980 Black Dual SIM - Factory Unlocked - International Version No Warra. Nokia X A110 Blue (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4GB , 4.0" , 3.15MP , Dual Sim , Android. Original Genuine Nokia X5 X5-01 QWERTY PDA QUAD Metal 3G 5MP Mobile Phone. Original Nokia X3-02 Bar Style 3G WCDMA 5MP Cellphone Wifi Bluetooth. Nokia X RM980 Black Dual SIM - Factory Unlocked - International Version No Warra. Original Nokia X2-00 Bar Style 2G GSM Cellphone X2 with Accessories and Box. Nokia X7 journey 8MP, Capacitive Touchscreen, Dual-LED Flash, Unlocked World. Nokia X7 journey 8MP, Capacitive Touchscreen, Dual-LED Flash, Unlocked World Sma. Original Unlocked Nokia X3-02 Touchscreen GSM WIFI 3G 5.0MP Bar Cellular Phone. Original Nokia X3-02 3G Data Capable Wi-Fi Capable Bar Style Bluetooth Enabled. Nokia X3 Mobile Cell Phone Bluetooth 3.2MP MP3 Player X3-00 Slider Cellphone. Cheap Nokia X2-02 dual sim FM radio Bluetooth MP3 2MP camera mobile phone. BNIB NOKIA X5-01 200MB AZURE / DARK GREY FACTORY UNLOCKED MOBILE PHONE 3G GSM. Original Nokia X3-02 Touch Unlocked WIFI Israel Hebrew keyboard WIFI Bar Phone. Android Dual Sim Nokia ANDROID Sim-Free WHITE COLOR Nokia X DS RM-980. Nokia X RM980 Black Dual SIM - Factory Unlocked - International Version No Warra. Nokia X3-02 Factory Unlocked GSM 3G Touch Cellphone. Nokia X3-02 Dark Metal (unlocked) Sim Free Black Mobile Phone. Nokia Android Dual Sim DS Android Sim-Free BRIGHT GREEN Nokia X DS RM-980. Nokia X Series X2-01 Silver Unlocked Cellular VINTAGE COLLECTION LifeTimer 0. Nokia X1-00 Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. X7 Original unlocked GPS WIFI 8MP 4.0" Touchscreen 3G Nokia X7-00 mobile phone. Nokia X3-02 Touch- different colors Mobile Phone. Nokia X3-02 Touch and Type - black Mobile Phone. Nokia X1-01 Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Nokia X3-02 Touch and Type - black Mobile Phone. Nokia X7 Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X3-02 Blue Factory Unlocked GSM 3G Touch Cellphone. Cheap Original Unlocked X2 Original Nokia X2-00 Bluetooth FM JAVA 5MP Cell Phone. Nokia X3-02 Factory Unlocked GSM 3G Touch Cellphone. 2 new & refurbished from $66.99. Amzer Soft Silicone Jelly Skin Fit Case Cover for Nokia X7-00 - Blue. AMZER DURABLE BLACK PUDDING SOFT GEL SKIN TPU BACK CASE COVER FOR NOKIA X2. Nokia X2-01 QWERTY Keyboard Symbian OS Mp3 Mp4 Player Email Classic Businessman. Nokia X7-00 Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Nokia X5-01 Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Nokia X2-02 Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Nokia X2-05 Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Nokia X3-02 Touch and Type - Black&White&Ro se (Unlocked) Cellular Phone GSM WIFI. Original Nokia X2-00 unlocked mobile phone 5.0MP Camera Bluetooth FM MP3 MP4 pla. Nokia X6 8GB Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X7 Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X3 Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X Green Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X2 Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Nokia X1 01 Unlocked C*VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X+ Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Nokia X5 01 Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Nokia X3-02 Pink WiFi Touchscreen Unlocked QuadBand 3G Cell Phone New. NOKIA X SERIESE X2-00 BLACK&SILVER 5MP FM RADIO MP3 UNLOCKED MOBILE CELL PHONE. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Got a tip? Let us know.. You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.. Startup Battlefield TechCrunch is going to Paris - Apply for Startup Battlefield Europe today!. Nokia X Review: Windows Phone Maker Does Low-Cost Android Surprisingly Well. Gartner reports first ever global decline in smartphone. Foxconn to plug at least $340M into AI R&D over five. The light and dark of AI-powered. HMD unveils its new slate of Nokia Android smartphones starting at. HMD/Nokia’s smartphones join Google’s Android One program ‘leading the. ZTE will deliver the first Android Oreo (Go Edition) handset for the U.S. KaiOS, a feature phone platform built on the ashes of Firefox OS, adds Facebook, Twitter and Google. Nokia acquires Unium, a mesh WiFi startup that works with Google Fiber, as part of big home WiFi. HMD unveils its new slate of Nokia Android smartphones starting at. If You Want Android On A Nokia, The Nokia X Is Probably Your Last. Nokia’s Mobile UI Mixology Serves Up A Hybrid Family Of Devices To Outshine Budget. Nokia’s Forking Of Android Could Benefit. Posted Mar 24, 2014 by Darrell Etherington ( @etherington ). Wanelo, Closes $2M Seed To Splash On Making An iOS App For Social. Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual-core 1GHz processor. 512MB RAM, 4GB on board storage. Up to 32GB expandable storage via micro SD. 28 days standby battery, 10.5 hours talk time , 4.5 hours web browsing time. Price: Roughly $120-140 US off contract. Nokia’s weird foray into Android is the Nokia X , a small, affordable smartphone that uses Google’s mobile OS, painted up as though it were almost a Windows Phone software variant. It’s a strange beast, with a chunky candybar design that blatantly screams ‘Nokia,’ and a price tag aimed at emerging markets. There’s a good chance Microsoft will kill it as soon as it takes over Nokia’s hardware business ( now set for April ) but in the meantime, does the Nokia X offer users a way to claw back some of the market share they’ve given up to low-cost Android devices?. The Nokia X isn’t fancy, but it’s also not a bad-looking device by any means. It resembles many of other Nokia devices, with defined edges and a thicker case, plus a polycarbonate back that’s matte and smooth to the touch. The case manages to feel like a single-piece design despite the fact that the back is removable because the phone itself pops out from the wraparound cover, instead of having just simple back panel that snaps on and off like on similar phones from Samsung.. The Nokia X comes in a variety of colors, and as Nokia is prone to do, it executes well on the brighter range of the spectrum. The black version I managed to get my hands on is also good looking, though much more understated than its candy-coated cousins.. A weird feature of Nokia’s take on Android is the single capacitive button it uses, which is simply a back command. This is kind of like a Home button, but contextually aware, so that it goes back a screen no matter where you are, with exiting an app being the final step in any chain. Pressing it on the home screen brings up a Windows Phone-like linear list of recently opened apps, too.. The home screen itself takes cues from Windows Phone, with icons arranged in a tile-like multicolored array. The icons can be adjusted and reconfigured, and set to take up either a 2×2 or 1×1 spot in the grid, and there are widgets accessible to the home screen, too, including ones specific to Nokia and standard Android ones built into third-party apps. It’s a different take on Android to be sure, and a far cry from a stock experience, but it’s also a system that I find far preferable to most other OEM UI reconfigurations, including Samsung Touchwiz.. This phone isn’t the most cracking handset on the block, and if you’re used to a top-end device like the iPhone or latest Galaxy S, you’re going to notice sluggishness, especially when browsing media-rich content and websites, or even a homescreen with a lot of icons. But overall, the experience does alright with limited resources, and never manages to become genuinely frustrating.. In terms of the field of devices against which it competes (those in the $100 range off-contract), it’s much more of a standout, offering more than competent access to Facebook, the native web, Twitter and other Android standbys in a package that’s both slick and affordable.. The dual-sim Nokia X also offers the ability to change easily between networks, and it has tremendous stand-by battery life. You can have the thing idle for weeks at a time and it’ll still be ready to go when you need it, which is a key concern in markets where access to power might not always be possible. If you’re using the cellular network constantly, battery life dips quickly and falls far short of either the iPhone or any other flagship Android device, but for infrequent use, the Nokia X outperforms either.. One more really nice thing about the Nokia X: Notifications on the custom home screen, including a text-based summary. It’s something that’s still missing from stock Android, and it’s a welcome addition to this custom fork.. The Nokia X is a surprising bit of hardware, if you can put aside top-tier smartphone expectations and take it for what it is. It’s a good take on Android, and one that actually seeks to improve the experience, in addition to acting as a funnel for Microsoft’s line of mobile software and services. It might not be long for this world, but it also certainly doesn’t feel like a last-minute move Nokia made casually to just try a low-cost Android device before ceding its hardware business to Microsoft, either.. Nokia is a Finnish multinational communications corporation engaged in the manufacturing of mobile devices, network infrastructure, location-based technologies, and advanced technologies businesses worldwide. The corporation is also engaged in converging internet and communications industries. It manufactures a wide range of mobile devices with services and software that enable people to experience …. Android is a software platform for mobile devices based on the Linux operating system and developed by Google and the Open Handset. Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories. The Last Episode Of | Crunch Report. The Samsung Galaxy S9 arrives March 16 for $720, with AR emojis, real-time translation and a better. 16 hours ago | Brian Heater. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 wants to turn the camera into a new home. 16 hours ago | Darrell Etherington. 17 hours ago | Brian Heater. Huawei launches its new MediaPad M5. 20 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois. Ford adds Waze to its Sync 3 AppLink for iOS. 48 minutes ago | Ingrid Lunden. BMW wants to turn your smartphone into your car. 48 minutes ago | Frederic Lardinois. KaiOS, a feature phone platform built on the ashes of Firefox OS, adds Facebook, Twitter and Google. 1 hour ago | Ingrid Lunden. 1 hour ago | Natasha Lomas. Wanelo, Closes $2M Seed To Splash On Making An iOS App For Social. Sales & Proposal Specialist at PSF Mechanical, Inc. Field Services Engineer at Haivision Network Video (New York, NY, USA). Equipment Service Analyst (Contract) at DWFritz (Wilsonville, OR, United States). Senior Server Engineer at ProsperWorks (San Francisco, CA, USA). Principal Software Engineer (Backend) at CBRE (Seattle, WA, USA). Subscribe to The Daily Crunch. Latest headlines delivered to you daily. Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch. Ford adds Waze to its Sync 3 AppLink for iOS. 48 minutes ago by Ingrid Lunden. BMW wants to turn your smartphone into your car. 48 minutes ago by Frederic Lardinois. KaiOS, a feature phone platform built on the ashes of Firefox OS, adds Facebook, Twitter and Google. 1 hour ago by Ingrid Lunden. 1 hour ago by Natasha Lomas. Sony’s smart assistant-powered Xperia Ear Duo arrives in May, priced at. 1 hour ago by Brian Heater. Triple, the marketplace for local travel experiences, acquires competitor Local. 1 hour ago by Steve O'Hear. Sony’s new Xperia flagship shoots 4K HDR. 1 hour ago by Brian Heater. Tencent and JD.com each take minority stakes in Chinese retail group Better. 2 hours ago by Catherine Shu. Revolut broke even in December, now has 1.5 million. 2 hours ago by Romain Dillet. Congress should close the loophole allowing warrantless digital car. 11 hours ago by Alan McQuinn, Daniel Castro. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Tags Nokia X. NOKIA X 'Nokia X'- 63 Story Search Result(s). All Articles Videos Photos. MixRadio Finally Launched for Android and iOS. by Ali Pardiwala, May, 20, 2015. Nokia X2 Dual SIM With 4.3-Inch Display Launched at Rs. by NDTV Correspondent, Sep, 05, 2014. Nokia X2 Dual SIM Update Brings Access to Few Google Services, and More. by Robin Sinha, Sep, 05, 2014. Nokia May Rejoin Smartphone Market With Android Devices, Tip Job Listings. by Ketan Pratap, Aug, 01, 2014. Nokia X Software Platform 1.2 Update Now Rolling Out. by Ketan Pratap, Jul, 28, 2014. Discontinued Nokia X Phones Suffered From a Lack of Identity. by Associated Press, Jul, 18, 2014. Memo From Microsoft Executive Vice President Stephen Elop Announcing Job Cuts. by Associated Press, Jul, 18, 2014. Nokia X, Nokia X+ and Nokia XL Will Not Get Nokia X Software Platform 2.0. by Ketan Pratap, Jun, 25, 2014. Nokia X2 Dual SIM With 1GB of RAM and 4.3-Inch Display Launched. by Ketan Pratap, Jun, 24, 2014. BBM for Windows Phone Will Launch in July, Confirms CEO. by Hitesh Arora, Jun, 20, 2014. Nokia X2 Launch Expected at June 24 Event. by Hitesh Arora, Jun, 20, 2014. Nokia Partners With Airtel to Offer Free Download of Android Applications. by NDTV Correspondent, Jun, 14, 2014. Nokia X+ Dual SIM Now Officially Available in India at Rs. by Robin Sinha, May, 29, 2014. Nokia XL Review: The Experiment Continues. by Jamshed Avari, May, 28, 2014. Nokia X2 Dual SIM Android Phone Spotted on AnTuTu With Specifications. by NDTV Correspondent, May, 23, 2014. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. Nokia X review: What happens when Nokia makes an Android phone?. For a company now under Microsoft's rule , Nokia has serious grit. The phone maker announced an Android phone called the X just two months before completing its merger with Microsoft. Even more intriguing is the fact that this is no run-of-the-mill Android device: The X comes with a Windows Phone-like launcher, offers Microsoft services and will be sold for around $120 in developing markets. While it may not be a powerful smartphone, it has many unique qualities that help it stand out from the low-end crowd. What's it like, and should Microsoft invest in its success?. Gallery: Nokia X review | 31 Photos. Battery life is good for most tasks. For its price, the X has respectable features and good hardware. However, its confusing ecosystem and numerous performance issues make it hard to recommend over similarly priced budget phones.. The X doesn't stray from Nokia's signature design language. In fact, if I were to briefly see it in the wild (not knowing what it was), I'd easily confuse it for an Asha 500-series device. Just like the Ashas, the X has square corners, straight edges, a large bezel and a removable plastic back cover with a matte finish, although it lacks the transparent casing of the Ashas. My review unit is a white, dual-SIM Nokia X, but it also comes in black, blue, yellow, red and green.. Everything about the X looks and feels simple. A volume rocker and power button grace the right side, while a micro-USB port and 3.5mm headphone jack are located on the bottom and top, respectively. Keeping with Nokia's usual style, the left edge remains devoid of any buttons. And just like the Asha 503, the front of the X features only a capacitive back button and earpiece. It lacks a front-facing camera, and when you flip the phone over, you'll notice a rear 3.2-megapixel camera with no LED flash.. Fortunately, I had no problem holding the 4-inch, 10.4mm-thick device, although these days, such a handset is considered quite small. If you're coming from an Asha or older 3.5-inch iPhone, you'll likely appreciate the size of the device; just to put things in perspective, it's 5mm wider and 1mm thicker than the iPhone 4s. Nokia will come out with a 5-inch version of the device known as the XL in the near future, so hang tight for a little longer if you'd rather go with something bigger.. Because it's an inexpensive handset (it starts at $123 USD), the X was never intended to be a lavish device. It exists primarily to bring a modern smartphone OS to developing markets at a lower cost, so the specs are about as minimal as you can get these days. It comes with a low-power processor, WVGA display, limited internal storage (1.2GB user-accessible), small battery and so on. In other words, it's ideal as someone's first smartphone.. The X uses a 4-inch IPS LCD panel with WVGA (800 x 480) resolution. At a pixel density of 233 pixels per inch, the display is reasonable compared to other Android phones sold at around the same price. As expected from this kind of screen, the viewing angles are decent and whites are bright, but unfortunately, colors are unsaturated and there's a lot of light unnecessarily bleeding out from the sides of the display. Those rough patches aside, the screen is actually pretty good for such an inexpensive device.. For connectivity, the X is a basic, entry-level 3G device suited for developing markets, though it sports a limited number of frequencies. It comes with quad-band GSM/EDGE and dual-band (900/2100) HSPA, which maxes out at 7.2 Mbps down and 5.76 Mbps up. You'll also get WiFi 802.11b/g/n, Bluetooth 3.0 and GPS.. The one area of the X that should appeal to both power users and first-time smartphone buyers alike is the firmware. In short, it's unlike anything anyone has ever seen. Since the X is positioned between Nokia's Lumia series and the Asha lineup, it's not surprising that it uses a proprietary interface that takes elements from both devices, even though it technically runs on Android AOSP (version 4.1.2, to be exact). This means you can still use most apps, widgets and launchers supported on the platform, but just like on many Chinese devices running Android, you won't have access to Google Play Services like Gmail, Contacts, Calendar and so on.. The default launcher on the X is tile-based, much like Windows Phone. The tiles can even be resized -- two different options are available -- and you can change the color of each one to fit your own way of organizing the phone. There's enough space for three small tiles, or one large and one small tile, if you prefer. However, this system differs from Windows Phone in that Live Tiles aren't supported, so most tiles don't change at all when you make them larger (only specific ones, such as the gallery, add more functionality to the tile when enlarged).. You won't have access to a standard Android app tray, but you can create folders if you like to download a bunch of apps. This action is done by long-pressing any tile, which also allows you to move apps around and add widgets at your leisure.. There are plenty of other gestures that you'll need to learn as well. Tugging down on the launcher brings up a search bar (think Spotlight for iOS 7). Swiping down from the top opens up a type of quick-settings menu, which shows toggle switches for connectivity and music, as well as a list of devices or networks you're connected to. There's also a shortcut to your settings. Swiping up from the bottom reveals a menu that corresponds with whatever app you're using.. Gallery: Nokia X Android screenshots | 44 Photos. Using Android on the X Camera Performance and battery life The competition Wrap-up. Finally, a swipe to either the left or right brings up the Fastlane. This is a feature carried over from Asha (you can even trace its roots back to MeeGo), and it serves as Nokia's version of the notification menu. It shows recently opened apps, notifications, alarms and your current music selection. Some alerts, such as texts and calls, are actionable, so you can respond to them within Fastlane itself; if you want to clear out your alerts, you can do it individually or all at once. You can also customize the list so unwanted items are filtered out. (Pro tip: Tapping the back button from the home screen will take you to Fastlane as well.). There's also a special lock screen that shows your recent notifications. Swipe left on an individual alert to remove it, or swipe right to jump directly into that app. You can also swipe up from the bottom to clear them all out, if you don't want several notifications taking up all your screen space.. Just like on Nokia's latest Lumia devices, the X features a Glance screen that lets you view the date, time and symbols for each type of notification awaiting you. Sometimes it works; sometimes it doesn't. Additionally, you can double-tap on the screen to wake it, but I couldn't get this to work very consistently. Unlike most Android devices, which offer reasonable multitasking options, the X is much more restrictive. You can only get to the Fastlane from the home screen, which means you can't multitask without exiting your current app completely.. Nokia doesn't bombard you with Microsoft services, but it does make them more readily available than, say, their Google equivalents. Skype is preloaded, but you can also get OneDrive and Outlook in the Nokia Store. Curiously, it almost feels like the company wants to avoid looking like it's blatantly pushing Microsoft products, even though that's exactly what it's trying to do.. That doesn't mean Nokia's avoided bloatware altogether, however. You'll still get too many preloaded apps: Opera browser, WeChat, Viber, BBM, Nokia MixRadio, Here Maps and 10 games. Many of them can be uninstalled, aside from the Nokia-branded offerings. Most core apps -- dialer, messaging, calendar, camera, alarms, internet, music and email, for instance -- were made by Nokia, and are thoughtfully designed. (I especially like the alarm, which was inspired by the MeeGo-based N9 .) Even the keyboard has a Nokia flair that offers neat swiping gestures.. The best part is: If you don't like Nokia's interface, no sweat -- just download a new launcher and use that as your default instead. I tried a few and each one made it feel like I was using a real Android device, but there are still some catches you should be aware of. Most importantly, Google Play Services aren't allowed on the X (without rooting, at least). This means you don't have the full suite of the company's services: Play Store, Music, Games, Calendar, Voice, Google+, Contacts -- the list goes on. Primarily, this is because Nokia wants to focus on selling Microsoft's offerings instead, including Skype, Outlook, OneDrive and so on. This is actually a good idea on Nokia's part, when you consider the first-time smartphone buyer (or anyone else who hasn't been fallen under Google's spell): If Windows Phone is too expensive, at least the X is a cheaper option that introduces users to Microsoft's ecosystem in a roundabout way. In theory, once consumers are able to buy fancier phones, they'd be more inclined to give WP a closer look because they're already tied into Microsoft services.. This kind of setup is enough to confuse most users. Along with this mix of Microsoft services, Windows Phone and Asha, the X is, at its core, an Android device. Thus, it supports most Android apps, but the means of obtaining those apps are not as cut and dry as they should be. The Nokia Store is the official place to go, but it doesn't offer the same library as the Play Store. Instead, Nokia curates apps: It invites developers to add lines of code that make their apps compatible with Nokia's special UI, and then submit their apps and wait for its approval. It's quite the process, and judging by the limited number of available apps in the Store, it seems that a lot of developers haven't bothered with it yet.. So what happens if the app you really want isn't in the Nokia Store? To Nokia's credit, the company's made it possible to download or sideload any app you want -- though it isn't easy. If you can't find the app you want in the Nokia Store, it suggests a list of third-party app stores for you to check out. Currently, it lists SlideME, Aptoide, 1Market and Yandex as options, and, by using this method, I was able to get the app I wanted around 95 percent of the time. Of the numerous searches I conducted, only a small handful produced no results. The problem is that it takes much longer to find the app you want (if you find it at all), and you have to go into individual stores if you're looking for an update. Lastly, you can load any APK file onto the phone via microSD and internet links, though you won't get updates unless you manually sideload them.. There isn't much to say about the fixed-focus 3.2MP camera. The pictures aren't fantastic (especially for Nokia), but it's not fair to hold such an inexpensive phone to standards set by fancier devices. Since the X is intended for many first-time smartphone users on a limited budget, this camera will fit their needs quite well. It's got a 1/5-inch sensor size and f/2.8 aperture lens, and Nokia even throws in a few manual settings to sweeten the deal, including ISO, white balance, exposure, sharpness and face detection.. Predictably, you're not going to get great images at night. The phone simply doesn't have the right specs to do low-light shots any justice. That said, the photos I took during the day actually looked about as good as one would expect from a camera like this; while the limited dynamic range and lack of autofocus make it difficult to have an enjoyable experience, I came away impressed by the color reproduction.. At such a low price point, the expectations for a phone's performance differ from that of a midrange or flagship model. The X comes with a 1GHz dual-core Cortex-A5 Snapdragon S4 Play, an Adreno 203 GPU and 512MB RAM (the X+ and XL will come with 768MB). In plain English, this means it's good enough to handle most basic phone functions, but it's geared toward first-time smartphone users and developing markets, and isn't meant to keep up with high-end, quad-core smartphones.. Looking at it from that point of view, I wanted to see a phone that's usable, responsive and consistent. I didn't expect it to make computations incredibly fast, nor did I need it to load games like Asphalt 8 on a dime. Still, it had to support all of the core apps and a few extras without crippling the user experience.. With these criteria in mind, the X has its share of good and bad traits. The mesh of various UI elements from different platforms will drive an Android aficionado nuts, but the X is also designed to keep things simple. As long as the user isn't venturing too far into the weeds (sideloading apps, for instance), it'll be easy enough for someone to figure their way around the phone. And while it may be a bit confusing for some, the learning curve and user experience are more reasonable than an Asha phone. In fact, as time goes by and the price of the X goes down, I wouldn't be surprised to see this series completely replace the Asha lineup.. However, it isn't a very responsive device. I noticed a lot of delays between my touch and the screen indicating that I'd done anything. There were plenty of times in which I had to repeat gestures over and over until it finally figured out what I wanted it to do. And at least a couple times a day, I long-pressed the back button to go to the home screen, only to be greeted by a lengthy pause and "please wait" message. I also noticed that the screen would randomly flash on and back off again, and it sometimes turned on in my pocket without being prompted (this caused frequent redials and misfiring emails to people I rarely talk to anymore). At times, notifications showed up later than they should have, and occasionally they didn't even show up at all.. Because of all this, I can't say that the X has consistency. Too often, I'd repeat the same action only to get different results. A handset that has a mind of its own isn't something I can tolerate in any phone, regardless of how much it costs. In addition, it was often a pain to get even the most basic services set up on the X.. Call quality is mediocre at best, as most of my conversations have been full of static and the other end of the line is typically muffled. Additionally, my experience connecting the X to Bluetooth devices was inconsistent. On the other hand, the meager 1,500mAh battery lasted longer in regular smartphone use than I would've expected, although processor-heavy tasks did worse. After a day of moderate use, my review unit still had 30 percent leftover, and light phone users should be able to squeeze out at least two or three days, if not more. The phone didn't fare well in our endless-video rundown test, making it only four hours before dying; in the X's case, this isn't so much an indicator of a horrible battery as it is the inability of the processor to handle such activities efficiently.. Pricing will vary depending on region, but the X officially retails for around $120. It's positioned between the higher-end Lumias and lower-end Ashas, although, as I mentioned earlier, I wouldn't be surprised to see the X make the Asha lineup irrelevant if it drops in price in the next couple years. Its current cost, however, is about the same as the Samsung Galaxy Star Pro , a comparable device with similar specs. The X has 3G support and a better camera, but it also has a confusing ecosystem based on Microsoft services; the Star Pro, on the other hand, has full access to Google services and features a more familiar TouchWiz interface. It's also uncertain what kind of support Nokia will offer the X now that it's officially under Microsoft's wings, so it may make more sense to go with something like the Star Pro, which has a more robust ecosystem.. On one hand, its brand-new acquisition just came out with a product running its competitor's OS; on the other, that same product might be key to gaining mindshare in developing markets, which is one of the bloodiest battlefields in mobile right now. It's hard to feel confident in the X's future because Microsoft may choose not to invest in the series, focusing resources on cheaper Windows Phones instead. Because of this uncertainty, the X needs to be an absolutely stunning device and a fantastic value if I'm going to recommend it -- and unfortunately, it's not.. For its cost, it has respectable features and solid hardware, but it doesn't have enough redeeming qualities to help it pull ahead of its competition. The specs are comparable to a sub-$150 Android smartphone. However, the ecosystem is more confusing and the performance doesn't quite meet my expectations for a budget device. Plus, who knows how long Microsoft will keep it around and update it? Nokia's still a trusted brand, and it'll get a lot of interest in developing markets regardless of the competition, but I was ultimately too frustrated to recommend this over other similarly priced models.. The X works better as a possible Asha replacement than a full-on smartphone experience, and perhaps that will happen in the next year or two. I'm more confident in the performance of low-end Windows Phones like the Lumia 520 than I am in comparable Androids, and a dual-SIM Lumia in this price range would be a much more compelling deal.. Edgar Alvarez contributed to this review.. android , Engadget spotlight review , engadget spotlight reviews , google , microsoft , mobilepostcross , nokia , nokiax , nokiax+ , nokiaxl , review , spotlight review , spotlight reviews , uk-feature , uk-reviews , video. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Nokia X release date, news and features. Nokia X release date, news and features. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A Nokia Android smartphone? Whatever next?. Nokia X release date and OS. Nokia X release date and OS. Nokia X screen, design and past rumors. Nokia X release date and price Nokia X operating system. Nokia's Android ambitions have come to fruition and if you want to see what we think so far you can head straight on over to our hands on reviews of the Nokia X , Nokia X+ and Nokia XL .. If you fancy getting to know the trio of handsets at once, stick around and we'll reveal the specs, the design, the release dates and the price of each of these unusual handsets.. It started out as a pie-in-the-sky rumour: Nokia is making an Android device. Surely not, given the Finnish firm has only recently been acquired by software giant (and the Windows Phone peddling) Microsoft. So why would Nokia jump into bed with the enemy?. While many eyebrows were raised, and eyes rolled, when news of the Nokia X first took to the web (under the moniker Normandy), the sheer deluge of leaks added more and more credibility to the handset's existence.. And then it was made official. At MWC 2014 , Stephen Elop took to the stage to announce the arrival of the Nokia X, X+ and Nokia XL .. The Nokia X and Nokia X+ are bedfellows – all that separates them are the amount of RAM they have.. The Nokia X has just 512MB, while the Nokia X+ has a slightly more generous 768MB and comes with a 4GB microSD card in the box. As for the Nokia XL, this is a low-cost phablet with a 5-inch screen.. Nokia's first smartphone to run Google's Android OS. Now, in selected markets (Nokia X+ and XL arrive soon). It's cheap: €89, €99 (X+) and €109 (XL). Announced on February 24, the Nokia X was revealed by Stephen Elop, who said that the new device was indeed Android but with a difference. "The Nokia X is built on Android open source software. We have differentiated and added our own experience," he said.. We did learn that the Nokia X would be launched first, and cost just €89 (around £75, $120, AU$135). It's now on sale in India for Rs8599, which equates to around £85, and is available in Kenya for roughly the same price too.. The Nokia X+ and Nokia XL will be arriving in selected markets during the second quarter of the year for €99 (around £80, $135, AU$150) and €109 (around £90, $150, AU$170) respectively.. While these devices will come to more developed markets in the future, we're still waiting for Nokia to outline its exact launch plans for places like the UK and US.. We got hands on with the Nokia X+ at MWC 2014:. The single biggest feature on the Nokia X (X+ and XL) is its operating system. Nokia is heavily invested in the Windows Phone platform for its Lumia range, while its Asha devices run its own, in-house Asha OS.. The Nokia X range runs Android. But not the Android you know (and perhaps love). This is a heavily modified version that is built on Android open source software, although it does use Android Jelly Bean 4.1.2 as the base.. This isn't an Android that comes with the Google Play store. This is an Android that has been moulded and contorted into an operating system that runs and looks more like Windows Phone.. There are live tiles just like Windows Phone, but you will be able modify the handset a little more freely than on Windows Phone.. Essentially it marries the design language of Windows Phone to the more open nature of Android with a touch of Asha thrown in for good measure.. For example its uses a version of the Asha "Fast Lane" feature, which shows all your recent activity, from new messages to the last apps you used and it can be customised to hide specific information so it only shows you what you want to see.. Nokia has put its own Android store on to the device (giving you a more limited selection than Google Play) and there will be a number of apps pre-installed on to the device.. Unsurprisingly these are mostly Microsoft ( OneDrive , Skype etc) and Nokia (HERE Maps, HERE Drive and Mix Radio) offerings - with some apps only available on the Finnish firm's version of Android.. This is definitely a forked version of Android with Elop noting that the Nokia X takes people to Microsoft's cloud and not Google's.. The lack of Google Play could be a major stumbling block for the Nokia X and its brethren as Nokia's own store is likely to be comparatively lacking for a long time to come.. But you can also use third party app stores and Elop does say that Android devs can bring their apps to Nokia X - it only takes a few extra hours dev work - and people can sideload applications using a microSD card.. The fact that porting apps is so easy also means that the Nokia X range could quickly end up with a greater selection of them than any Windows Phone handset, even if it's not likely to deliver the full library of Android apps.. Enterprising users needn't be limited at all as the Nokia X has already been hacked to run Google Play and Google apps.. Next Page Nokia X screen, design and past rumors. Nokia X release date and OS. The best iPhone apps to download in 2018. STK X2 offers up Samsung looks for a fraction of the price. Lenovo's new Yoga 730, Flex 14 laptops should please content creators for less. Lenovo’s newest Chromebook comes with a built-in stylus. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Got a tip? Let us know.. You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.. Startup Battlefield TechCrunch is going to Paris - Apply for Startup Battlefield Europe today!. Nokia Forks Android In Mobile Services Push — $122 Nokia X Will Also Be Lumia “Feeder”. HMD unveils its new slate of Nokia Android smartphones starting at. HMD/Nokia’s smartphones join Google’s Android One program ‘leading the. ZTE will deliver the first Android Oreo (Go Edition) handset for the U.S. Microsoft and Xiaomi to collaborate on AI, cloud computing and. Mixer, Microsoft’s Twitch competitor, adds game. Spotify job listing hints the company’s ‘first physical products’ are. Nokia X Review: Windows Phone Maker Does Low-Cost Android Surprisingly. If You Want Android On A Nokia, The Nokia X Is Probably Your Last. Nokia’s Mobile UI Mixology Serves Up A Hybrid Family Of Devices To Outshine Budget. KaiOS, a feature phone platform built on the ashes of Firefox OS, adds Facebook, Twitter and Google. Nokia acquires Unium, a mesh WiFi startup that works with Google Fiber, as part of big home WiFi. HMD unveils its new slate of Nokia Android smartphones starting at. Posted Feb 23, 2014 by Natasha Lomas ( @riptari ). Sony Taps Its Display, Gaming, And Photography Might For Latest Mobile. More proof, if proof were needed, that Android won the smartphone OS wars: Nokia, the former world No.1 smartphone maker and, nowadays, the primary OEM for Microsoft’s third-placed Windows Phone platform has just announced a new family of smartphones built upon the Android Open Source Project — confirming a slew of earlier rumours that Nokia was cooking up an Android device strategy.. The first device in Nokia’s Droidy new family was unveiled today at its Mobile World Conference press conference in Barcelona, with both the forthcoming family and this its debut member known as the Nokia X ( Update : Nokia also announced the Nokia X+: the same handset but with additional memory, (coming early Q2, for €99/$136); and the Nokia XL, a larger handset with a 5-inch display, also coming in early Q2 for €109/$150).. The twist is it doesn’t look like the standard icon-filled Android that the market is used to, being dressed up in a new Nokia UI.. “The Nokia X software platform is built upon AOSP, Android Open Source Project,” said Nokia’s. marketing director for its mobile phones division,. “What we’ve done is we’ve built the Nokia X software platform on standard Android open source, and then on top of that we’ve built the Nokia user experience layer — so the Nokia UI — so Fast Lane and the homescreen.. “The homescreen is tile-based, so it’s similar to a [Windows Phone-based] Lumia. It incorporates some elements of that — some limited live information into the tiles. We’ve also put in Nokia and Microsoft services.”. “The sub-$100 price range is a massive opportunity for us,” said Nokia’s outgoing CEO Stephen Elop, describing the range as a “different but complementary opportunity to introduce a new family that strengthens our affordable [devices] family”.. “The Nokia X takes people to Microsoft’s cloud, not to Google’s cloud,” he added.. The 4-inch wVGA, dual-core 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon handset, which comes in Nokia’s now familiar spectrum of eye-arresting colours (including bright green, red and yellow) and also packs a 3MP camera, costs €89/$122 (excluding taxes & subsidies) — and is launching immediately, shipping as early as next week.. Nokia said it is planning a global rollout for the X but the initial focus will be on “key, fast-growing emerging markets” — including India, China, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam and Russia. Aka, markets where low cost Androids are already well established.. The Nokia X’s price-point undercuts the affordably priced. handset, for instance, a relatively recent Android that is also targeting emerging markets. But the handset still doesn’t go as low as scores of hyper budget Droids (sub-$50 handsets are big in Africa, for instance). So expect other handsets in the Nokia X family to look to squeeze the price-point further south.. The other twist here: no new Lumia smartphones being unboxed by Nokia, the only substantial Windows Phone OEM ,. at the world’s largest mobile devices conference.. What exactly is Nokia doing with Android? In a similar move to Amazon, with its Kindle Fire tablet interface (and — doubtless — with a future Kindle smartphone, should it launch one), it’s forked Android to build on top of Google’s mobile sprawl. This is a change in tack from Nokia’s previously attempts to compete with Android’s reach exclusively via (its own and others’) non-Android mobile platforms.. This change of direction comes despite Nokia preparing to imminently hand off its mobile-making division to Windows Phone OS maker Microsoft — a business division acquisition announced last September .. Ergo, Microsoft will soon be in the business of making Android phones.. So, yes, Android really did win the mobile OS wars. And yes Microsoft must have at least been comfortable with this Android device-making strategy — whatever Joe Belfiore said yesterday when put on the spot about Nokia Android phone rumours during a Q&A at. But there are of course plenty of ways to monetise on mobile — and controlling the dominant platform is just one of them.. (If you’re still scratching your head about the logic, here’s a primer in a prior post I wrote covering earlier rumours of the Nokia Normandy project, as the Android phone was then codenamed. Bottom line: Nokia X is a Trojan horse stuffed with Microsoft services, pushed inside Android’s app-rich empire.). From the mobile user point of view, the huge draw of a Nokia handset built atop Android is of course access to the Android app ecosystem — and the circa one million apps that brings — albeit, not via the mainstream Google Play gateway. Nokia X users get access to apps via a curated (and entirely freemium) Nokia Android app store, and via any other third party Android app stores they choose to dip into.. Nokia’s own low end mobile platforms have not been able to compete on the app numbers front with Android, nor, indeed, has Windows Phone, which still lags greatly in numbers and in getting hot new apps while they are still hot. So this is one way for Nokia to fight Android’s ecosystem dominance — by piggybacking on it.. It’s worth noting that not all Android apps will be compatible with Nokia X, though. Nokia claims 75% of Android apps will work “out of the box”, and it’s hoping to persuade developers to make the necessary API tweaks to the remaining quarter (thanks to factors such as Nokia promoting in-app purchases via its Android app store, and its operator billing agreements with 160+ carriers globally which it argues will help developers expand monetisation opportunities for apps in emerging markets where phone users may not have credit cards, for example).. One high profile Android app that will be in the Nokia store at launch is SwiftKey .. startup said today it has signed a deal with Nokia for its next-word predicting. keyboard software to be a free download to Nokia X users for the duration of 2014. The SwiftKey app will be available to Nokia X users in 21 markets, including China, India and Nigeria. SwiftKey said the partnership will give it the chance to speed up its growth in emerging markets.. Nokia said its thinking for the X family is to act as a “feeder” to its full-fat Lumia smartphones, i.e. when owners of these cheaper smartphones upgrade to more expensive handsets. Because Nokia has dressed Android in Windows Phone clothes, and stuffed it with Nokia and Microsoft services — such as HERE maps, Microsoft’s OneDrive, SharePoint and Outlook.com.. The gamble here is that users will be better convinced to switch platforms from Android to Windows Phone than they have already — and when they can afford such an upgrade — once they have become. accustomed to the Nokiasoft services the Nokia X Android flavour is laced with. So this is Mix Radio and HERE’s offline maps being used as gateway drugs to Windows Phone.. “The Nokia X family… acts as the perfect feeder to our Lumia high end smartphone family, which is very much our premium and our flagship family,” Broadley told TechCrunch.. “Whether it’s the signature Nokia experiences like Mix Radio and HERE, whether it be Microsoft experiences, like OneDrive, Outlook.com, or Skype, you’re going to be using your Microsoft cloud identity, your Microsoft login, and also in terms of our user experience [with Nokia X]… we’re using elements of the [Windows Phone style] tile-based interface… so that when people in time continue to upgrade within the Nokia family we’re continuing to build richer experiences,” he added.. did not say this is Microsoft and Nokia admitting mainstream platform defeat with Windows Phone, but there certainly seems to be a strong thread of a plan B strategy here, that’s focused on acquiring users of mobile services, rather than relying on making money by flogging phone hardware. And with Nokia only shipping some 30 million Lumia devices in the whole of 2013 that diversification seems prudent.. As well as not looking like a typical Android, and not including the standard Android swathe of Google services (such as the Play Store, Google Maps, Gmail and so on), the Nokia X software platform also replaces three Android APIs to facilitate Nokiasoft hooking its own services in place: namely the location API (with Nokia’s HERE mapping services); the in-app purchase API (with Nokia’s own Android store offering); and the notifications API.. The latter tweak is required for the Nokia X to plug into Nokia’s Fast Lane. notifications interface — which it’s porting over from its S40-based Asha range of low end devices, where the interface debuted in May last year. 2012 acquisition of Smarterphone , a Norwegian company that made mobile OSes for feature phones designed to give them smartphone looks and capabilities).. There is a quiet irony in that feature phone software getting a new lease of life on a smartphone platform that’s itself dressed in the clothes of another mobile OS.. Even more at the low end. Nokia’s range of Series 40 Asha phones already straddle the price-point and functionality gap between fully-fledged budget smartphones and very basic feature phones. But today’s Android foray does not mean Nokia is discontinuing its use of S40.. On the contrary, also today it announced a new device in the Asha range: the Nokia Asha 230.. This becomes the new most affordable handset in the Asha range — costing €45/$62 Euros (excluding taxes & subsidies).. Nokia also unveiled a new addition to its bottom of the range web accessing feature phone devices (which run the S30 platform), with the Nokia 220 — the replacement for the Nokia 110. The Nokia 220 costs €29/$40 (before taxes & subsidies), and comes preloaded with Facebook and Twitter, with Nokia describing it as its most affordable “Internet connected device”.. This handset will also use Bing search as the default in markets where that Microsoft service is rolled out, keeping the Nokiasoft services strategy on message — even here at the truly budget end of its device portfolio.. Yet among all this non-Android low-end action, there is still apparently room for the Nokia X family — with Nokia’s new price-point increments being circa $40 (S30); $60 (S40); $120 (Android); and $180 (for its entry level Lumia 520 ) — which again underlines how successful Android’s platform reach has been.. It really is a case of if you can’t beat them, join them, fork them — and then try to beat them on kick-ass services.. One more thing: it’s unclear exactly how long this Android-plus-Nokiasoft services strategy has been in the works at Nokia — TechCrunch asked, but the company declined to comment. Nokia did claim the idea to build atop Android as its own though, rather than something that came out of Redmond.. Nokia is a Finnish multinational communications corporation engaged in the manufacturing of mobile devices, network infrastructure, location-based technologies, and advanced technologies businesses worldwide. The corporation is also engaged in converging internet and communications industries. It manufactures a wide range of mobile devices with services and software that enable people to experience …. Microsoft is an American multinational corporation that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells a range of software products and services.. Microsoft’s devices and consumer (D&C) licensing segment licenses Windows operating system and related software; Microsoft Office for consumers; and Windows Phone operating system. The company’s computing and gaming hardware segment provides …. Android is a software platform for mobile devices based on the Linux operating system and developed by Google and the Open Handset. WindowsPhoneNews.com was a website that aggregated news on windows phone. Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories. The Last Episode Of | Crunch Report. The Samsung Galaxy S9 arrives March 16 for $720, with AR emojis, real-time translation and a better. 16 hours ago | Brian Heater. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 wants to turn the camera into a new home. 16 hours ago | Darrell Etherington. 17 hours ago | Brian Heater. Huawei launches its new MediaPad M5. 20 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois. Ford adds Waze to its Sync 3 AppLink for iOS. 48 minutes ago | Ingrid Lunden. BMW wants to turn your smartphone into your car. 48 minutes ago | Frederic Lardinois. KaiOS, a feature phone platform built on the ashes of Firefox OS, adds Facebook, Twitter and Google. 1 hour ago | Ingrid Lunden. 1 hour ago | Natasha Lomas. Sony Taps Its Display, Gaming, And Photography Might For Latest Mobile. Sales & Proposal Specialist at PSF Mechanical, Inc. Field Services Engineer at Haivision Network Video (New York, NY, USA). Equipment Service Analyst (Contract) at DWFritz (Wilsonville, OR, United States). Senior Server Engineer at ProsperWorks (San Francisco, CA, USA). Principal Software Engineer (Backend) at CBRE (Seattle, WA, USA). Subscribe to The Daily Crunch. Latest headlines delivered to you daily. Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch. Ford adds Waze to its Sync 3 AppLink for iOS. 48 minutes ago by Ingrid Lunden. BMW wants to turn your smartphone into your car. 48 minutes ago by Frederic Lardinois. KaiOS, a feature phone platform built on the ashes of Firefox OS, adds Facebook, Twitter and Google. 1 hour ago by Ingrid Lunden. 1 hour ago by Natasha Lomas. Sony’s smart assistant-powered Xperia Ear Duo arrives in May, priced at. 1 hour ago by Brian Heater. Triple, the marketplace for local travel experiences, acquires competitor Local. 1 hour ago by Steve O'Hear. Sony’s new Xperia flagship shoots 4K HDR. 1 hour ago by Brian Heater. Tencent and JD.com each take minority stakes in Chinese retail group Better. 2 hours ago by Catherine Shu. Revolut broke even in December, now has 1.5 million. 2 hours ago by Romain Dillet. Congress should close the loophole allowing warrantless digital car. 11 hours ago by Alan McQuinn, Daniel Castro. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. Hands-on with Nokia's X family of Android smartphones (video). A couple of years ago, we would've said that the day Nokia announced an Android device was the day Hades froze over. The hour has come , however, and it's only slightly chilly this morning. The Nokia X is the company's inaugural Android-based devices -- three of them, in fact -- although it's been tweaked a little bit to fit Microsoft's and Nokia's preferences. The devices are known as the X, X+ (pictured above) and XL (pictured after the break), each of which differed by only a small number of factors; and at a cost of 89 euros ($122) for the X, 99 euros for the X+ and 109 euros for the XL, the family fits roughly in-between the Asha and Lumia series in terms of pricing and functionality. The X will be available immediately in growth markets (sorry, enthusiasts in the US, Korea and Japan, it won't be heading to your neck of the woods through official channels), while the X+ and XL will come later in the second quarter and will come in white, black, cyan, green, red and yellow.. Gallery: Nokia X and X+ hands-on | 7 Photos. Gallery: Nokia XL hands-on | 16 Photos. On the outside, the X and X+ both look a lot like a 4-inch version of the Asha 503, with the same matte polycarbonate chassis but without the transparent crystallic case surrounding it. It's not too tiny that it disappears in your hands, but it's also not too big to be overwhelming (unless you love larger devices, that is). At 10.4mm thick, it's not an incredibly thin device but its smaller size helps ensure that it's still a comfortable fit. (The XL is 10.8mm thick and offers a 5-inch display with the same resolution and 5MP rear camera along with a 2MP front-facing camera; we'll have more impressions of the XL shortly.). The phone itself is certainly a basic device, and it shows on the hardware side: the X sports a 4-inch IPS LCD WVGA (800 x 480) display, 3MP fixed-focus camera, a 1GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor, 1,500mAh removable battery, 4GB of internal storage, a microSD expansion up to 32GB and 512MB of RAM; the X+, we're told, tacks on another 256MB of RAM and comes preloaded with a 4GB microSD card. For an inexpensive pair of devices destined for emerging markets, however, we doubt anyone will complain about the lack of premium specs. We've got a gallery of pics below, along with more of our impressions of the Android interface.. Of course, the most intriguing part of the device is the user interface itself. The X family uses a forked version of Android 4.1.2 that uses the standard AOSP but doesn't have access to Google's suite of services (such as the official Play Store, Gmail or other core apps). Nokia wants to ensure that the device is focused on Microsoft Cloud services such as Skype (the X will come with a free month of unlimited international calls), OneDrive and Outlook, and it also throws in features like Here Maps, MixRadio and so on. We imagine that putting the focus on these services was the only reason Microsoft would greenlight the project -- since this is destined for developing countries and emerging markets, it makes sense that Microsoft wants to get its foot into as many doors as possible.. So what does a Nokia Android UX actually look like in real life? Not surprisingly, it's a lot like Windows Phone. The X launcher consists of a series of neatly lined-up tiles, although it's possible to add folders if you're overwhelmed by apps. Nokia claims that the X reflects the company's design heritage, and we have to agree -- despite its Android framework, it looks and feels very much like a Nokia device. The X also features a menu off to the side called Fastlane (which will be a familiar term for N9 and Asha users), which is the X's version of a notification menu and logs your favorite/most-used apps, nearly all of your activities, open apps and background processes on the same page. It sounds like a cluster of madness, but the company fortunately kept it looking pretty clean.. Since Nokia's running the show for all of the core apps, none of them actually look like the way Google has intended. One of our favorite touches was the clock, which Nokia basically copy-and-pasted from the N9. It also includes a Nokia-designed keyboard which even includes swiping gestures (a la Swype or SwiftKey). Third-party app stores and a file manager are also pre-installed. And although it doesn't use the official Play Store, the X will come with the Nokia Store preloaded.. This Store is supposed to feature plenty of Android apps, but they're specially curated by the company. When asked how particular they are, reps just told us that it's made things easy for devs: it'll be a matter of slapping in a few lines of new code into the same APK as they use for the standard Android build, submitting it to Nokia and then finally getting certified by the company. But if the app you're looking for is nowhere to be found in the Store, a screen pops up with suggestions for other third-party app stores which should feature that particular title. Or, if that doesn't work, nobody will be able to stop you from sideloading APKs into the phone for your personal use. Since the Nokia UX is simply built on top of AOSP, reps tell us that anything that's possible within the AOSP is technically possible to do on the X (think launchers, ROMs, widgets and so on).. Will this version of Android get updated, though? It's never easy to say even for standard Android phones, much less one forked by Nokia. We're told that it will indeed be updateable (based on consumer need), and individual services can be updated as well; we'd like to give the company the benefit of the doubt, but the reality is that if it's not successful, there's nothing preventing Nokia from pulling the support plug.. Color us completely intrigued by the X. As long as you don't mind the user experience being kept under Nokia's control, it's definitely a fun phone to play with. We'll have to wait until our official review to offer a final judgment, but Nokia's new smartphone is fun, modern and colorful. We're still marveling that this kind of discussion is even taking place right now, but it's fantastic to see the "adventurous" side of both Microsoft and Nokia. Let us take you for a spin on the Nokia X software in the video below.. android , google , hands-on , microsoft , mobilepostcross , mwc2014 , nokia , nokiax , nokiax+ , nokiaxl , video. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Home / Nokia Mobile Price in Bangladesh / Nokia X. Price in Bangladesh: 9,800 Tk. 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100. Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones. Battery Performance Stand-by: up to 408 h. Talk time: up to 13 h 20 min (2G) / up to 10 h 30 min (3G). Music play: up to 26 h. Battery Type Li-Ion 1500 mAh battery (BN-01). Camera Features 1/5'' sensor size, panorama, face detection. Camera Pixel 2048 x 1536 pixels. Chipset Qualcomm MSM8225 Snapdragon S4 Play. Colors Available Bright green, bright red, cyan, yellow, black, white. Data Speed HSDPA, 7.2 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps. Dimensions 115.5 x 63 x 10.4 mm (4.55 x 2.48 x 0.41 inches). Display Resolution 480 x 800 pixels (~233 ppi pixel density). Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. GPRS Up to 85.6 kbps. GPS Function Yes, with A-GPS support. Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) Adreno 203. Java Yes, via Java MIDP emulator. Memory Card Slot MicroSD, up to 64 GB. Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Multitouch Yes, up to 2 fingers. Operating System Android OS, v4.4.2 (KitKat). SIM Card Type Optional Dual SIM (Micro-SIM). Wireless LAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot. Price in Bangladesh: 9,800 Tk. 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100. Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones. Battery Performance Stand-by: up to 408 h. Talk time: up to 13 h 20 min (2G) / up to 10 h 30 min (3G). Music play: up to 26 h. Battery Type Li-Ion 1500 mAh battery (BN-01). Camera Features 1/5'' sensor size, panorama, face detection. Camera Pixel 2048 x 1536 pixels. Chipset Qualcomm MSM8225 Snapdragon S4 Play. Colors Available Bright green, bright red, cyan, yellow, black, white. Data Speed HSDPA, 7.2 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps. Dimensions 115.5 x 63 x 10.4 mm (4.55 x 2.48 x 0.41 inches). Display Resolution 480 x 800 pixels (~233 ppi pixel density). Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. GPRS Up to 85.6 kbps. GPS Function Yes, with A-GPS support. Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) Adreno 203. Java Yes, via Java MIDP emulator. Memory Card Slot MicroSD, up to 64 GB. Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Multitouch Yes, up to 2 fingers. Operating System Android OS, v4.4.2 (KitKat). SIM Card Type Optional Dual SIM (Micro-SIM). Wireless LAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot. Nokia X, a historical device and best known as the first Nokia android phone. At the beginning of Nokia's research, the code name of this device was 'Normandy'. After several months of research and testing, Nokia announced it in February 24th, 2014 in the mobile world congress in Bercelona.. It is a very simple entry-level smartphone with some basic standard features like 3.15 MP back camera, dual-core processor, 1500 mAh battery, 512 MB RAM, 4 GB ROM, optional dual-SIM, 3G network etc. It doesn't contain any front camera for video calling which can be seen as a con. Other than that, there is also no Google service available in the phone, such as Google play store can't be accessible. Users can download Android apps from Nokia store instead. However, one can run play store in this phone by "rooting" the device. But this may cause some security issues.. User Rating: 3.76 ( 79 votes). Nokia X, a historical device and best known as the first Nokia android phone. At the beginning of Nokia's research, the code name of this device was 'Normandy'. After several months of research and testing, Nokia announced it in February 24th, 2014 in the mobile world congress in Bercelona.. It is a very simple entry-level smartphone with some basic standard features like 3.15 MP back camera, dual-core processor, 1500 mAh battery, 512 MB RAM, 4 GB ROM, optional dual-SIM, 3G network etc. It doesn't contain any front camera for video calling which can be seen as a con. Other than that, there is also no Google service available in the phone, such as Google play store can't be accessible. Users can download Android apps from Nokia store instead. However, one can run play store in this phone by "rooting" the device. But this may cause some security issues.. User Rating: 3.76 ( 79 votes). Related Devices and Prices in Bangladesh Nokia X2 (Android) BDT 12,500 Nokia XL BDT 13,990 Microsoft Lumia 535 BDT 11,499 Nokia Lumia 530 BDT 9,990 Nokia Lumia 730 Dual SIM BDT 23,500 Nokia Lumia 630 BDT 13,990 Xiaomi Redmi 4A 9,900 Tk. Symphony i25 6,790 Tk. Symphony i21 6,490 Tk. Walton Primo G7+ 8,590 Tk.. Nokia Mobile Price in Bangladesh Price: BDT 5001 to 10000 , Smartphone Price in Bangladesh. Sony Xperia M2 Dual Nokia XL. December 7, 2015 at 3:41 pm. It’s bad for camera battery google play app stor but it’s good for typing message but the battery is low levels…. we can’t use more but for call n messages it’s good. July 6, 2014 at 6:33 pm. It is bad for- front camera, google apps store, compass, recent etc.. May 25, 2014 at 7:36 am. May 19, 2014 at 7:14 am. ata kitkat na, faul news dese ata 4.1.2(jellybean). May 17, 2014 at 5:54 am. its very nice & Stylis smart phn……. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. We do not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% accurate and up-to-date.. © 2013-2018 mobiledokan.com - All rights reserved. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. 4-inch 480 x 800 pixel screen. Nokia gets in bed with a green monster. First Impressions of the Nokia X. The Nokia X is the first phone made by Nokia to use the Android operating system. It’s out to win over a new audience of people who after a true low-cost smartphone. It costs 90 Euros – probably roughly the same amount in pounds – has a 4-inch screen and a brand new interface that looks nothing like normal Android. But is it any good? I had a closer look at MWC 2014 .. Watch our video of the Nokia X:. It may be totally different from Nokia’s Lumia phones in most respects, but the X stays true to the Lumia series’s colourful design. The phone comes in yellow, blue, green and red as well as black and white.. It’s a chunky little boxy phone – 10.4mm thick – that could pass for a Lego mobile. Like Nokia’s cheaper Lumia phones, the Nokia X has a removable plastic rear that gives access to the two micro SIM card slots. This is a phone with emerging markets in mind, and that’s why it offers dual SIMs.. There’s also a microSD memory card slot, which is a must as the phone only has 4GB of internal storage.. Hardware isn’t the interesting thing about the Nokia X, though. The Nokia X runs a heavily customised version of Android 4.1, and it looks nothing like normal Android. Instead, it borrows heavily from Windows Phone, using a home screen of tiles that show everything on your phone. There are no traditional Android home screens here.. I’m not totally convinced by this new interface, though – it seems to have too much potential to become a cluttered mess, even if it does support folders. Some of the app tiles are ‘live’ too, meaning they relay information rather than just acting as a link, but it isn’t as well executed as Live Tiles are in Windows Phone. It’s early days, however, and hopefully Nokia will tweak the interface in future updates.. There’s another side of the interface too. Fastlane is a scroll of your recently-used apps and phones features – the music player, for instance. This part of the phone seems to be there to help out if your Nokia X home screen gets that bit too cluttered. For a budget phone, though, the Nokia X has a reasonable amount of screen real estate. It’s a 4-inch display of 480 x 800 resolution – the same as budget Lumias like the Lumia 520 and Lumia 620.. Although clearly an entry-level screen, without the top-notch contrast of Nokia’s more expensive phones, it’s not bad. This is an IPS-type screen, offering better viewing angles than some other cheap phones.. However, it’s not a patch on the Moto G ‘s much sharper 720p screen.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The Nokia also misses out in one other crucial respect – apps. There are none of Google’s much-loved apps here, and there’s no Google Play app store.. Instead, the Nokia X offers a bunch of Nokia and Microsoft apps, such as the Here navigation suite and OneDrive online storage. You also get a handful of other pre-installed apps including BBM and Skype.. Casual users may be happy, and you can sideload your own apps, but even Nokia admits that its fledgling Nokia Android app store won’t offer a full and complete selection. It will even suggest third-party app stores should you not be able to find what you’re after. Nokia will doubtless argue that third-party alternatives are a good replacement, and that its library is growing fast. But budget Androids are already prolific, so there seems little reason to excuse the Nokia X.. Performance isn’t likely to be all that great once you fill up the phone’s memory either. The dual-core 1GHz is reasonable for an entry-level phone, but with just 512MB a bit of lag is likely. I didn’t notice anything catastrophic during a brief play with the phone, though, and the Nokia X Plus offers 768MB RAM for a performance boost – and only costs £10 more.. The camera too is extremely basic, with a fixed focus 3-megapixel sensor and no flash. However, I still can’t quite give up the cute factor. and feels a whole lot better than the majority of budget Androids, and. while it’s quite limited in some crucial respects I still find myself. wanting to try one out properly.. The Nokia X is most exciting because of its Android software. However, it’s the design and hardware we like most here, as the limited app support and potentially niggly software need a bit of time to develop.. Next, read more about MWC 2014. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Home >> Phones >> Nokia >>X. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Nokia X is an Android Smartphone from Nokia. It comes with 4 inch LCD Display,1 GHz Dual Core Processor , 4GB on-board storage and 1500 mAh battery.. - 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Dual Core Processor. - 4 Inch IPS Super Sensitive Touch Display. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Nokia X User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Nokia / Nokia X Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 7.6 Expert Score 3.8 5468 Ratings 0 Questions & Answers. Nokia X is a dual-SIM smartphone that runs on forked version of Android. It has a 4-inch IPS LCD WVGA capacitive touchscreen, ~233 PPI pixel density. Nokia X features a 3.15 MP rear camera with fixed focus. The phone is powered with 1 GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 chipset. It has 512 MB RAM and 4GB of internal storage , expandable up to 32GB. It supports dual-SIM , GPRS, EDGE, 3G with HSPA, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth & MicroUSB. The phone runs on 1500 mAh Li-Ion battery.. Best Price: ₹ 6,500. Key Specifications Snapdragon S4 Play processor 512MB RAM 4GB internal storage 1500 mAh battery 3 M.Pixels rear & No selfie 4.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) Android OS, v4.1.2 (Jelly Bean). Nokia X Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Nokia X is at Amazon. X is not available in other online stores.. Good Stuff Solid build quality Dual SIM support Budget-friendly Bad Stuff Poor battery life Slow performance. Nokia X Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 480x800 pixels Size (in inches) 4.0 Pixel Density 233 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 62.6 % Design and Build Dimensions 4.5 x 2.4 x 0.4 inches Weight 128.7 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) Camera Rear Flash No Selfie Flash No Primary 3 M.Pixels Front No Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 4GB RAM 512MB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Ion Talk time 10 hrs 30 min (3G) Capacity 1500 mAh Standby Time 408 hrs (3G) Turbo Charge No Connectivity Bluetooth v3.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) No 2G Yes 4G No SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon S4 Play Architecture Cortex-A5 No of Cores 2 (Dual Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8225 Frequency 1.0 GHz GPU Adreno 203 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. The Nokia X is the company s first Android smartphone offering, and it was released years after consumers started demanding an Android smartphone from Nokia. However, it turned out to be completely different from what consumers and experts expected. It runs a completely customised version of Android v4.1.2 Jelly Bean that integrates Microsoft s services. It features a 4.0-inch IPS LCD display, a 3.15-megapixel camera, a 1GHz dual-core processor, 512MB RAM, 4GB storage unit, storage expansion slot, and a 1,500 mAh battery.. The device, which is made up of colourful polycarbonate material, follows the popular design principle of Lumia devices with some slight changes as the corners are relatively sharper. The front of the device is fairly simple the display, a physical back button, the company s logo, and an earpiece. Both, the power key and the volume rocker are present on the right hand side of the device. The microUSB port as at the bottom and the auxiliary headphone jack is at the top of the device. The whole back panel wraps around the display, and is removable as it has to be used for accessing SIM card slot, memory card slot, and the removable battery. The device s dimensions are 115.5 x 63 x 10.4 mm and it weighs 128.7 grams. It is available in six colours black, cyan, green, red, white, and yellow in India.. The IPS LCD display is diagonally 4-inches long and has a resolution of 800 x 480 pixels, resulting in 233 pixels per inch of sharpness. Surprisingly, this two-point multitouch capacitive display is not covered by strengthened material. There s only one camera on the Nokia X, even though all its competitors come with two cameras. The camera has a resolution of 3.15 megapixels, but it lacks autofocus as well as LED flash. Needless to say that it can t record videos in HD resolution. The 1/5-inch camera sensor supports face-detection and panorama modes however.. Nokia s custom UI that is used in this smartphone is known as Nokia X Platform. The device comes with Nokia X Platform 1.0 out of the box that is based on Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean, but it can be upgraded to Nokia X Platform 1.1.2.2 through a software update. The whole UI is inspired by what they call FastLane and Windows Phone. There s no home screen to speak of as the application launcher is divided into two parts; an app cum widget launcher and a section that merges notifications and open apps. The app launcher looks similar to the Start Screen from Microsoft s Windows Phone operating system as the icons appear like Live Tiles. Nokia X Platform is now defunct.. The Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play (MSM8225) manages the show with its 1GHz dual-core Cortex-A5 CPU, Adreno 203 GPU, and 512MB RAM. There s 4GB of ROM and a microSD card slot for storage expansion (compatible with up to 32GB). It s a dual-SIM smartphone , and both the SIM card slots are compatible with GSM networks. It supports maximum theoretical download and upload speeds of 7.2Mbps and 5.7Mbps respectively. There s Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth v3.0 with A2DP, and microUSB port. A-GPS takes care of location identifying and navigational needs of a user. Nokia acted pretty miserly in providing sensors to the X. It comes with only accelerometer and proximity sensor. After fully charging its 1,500 mAh battery (Nokia BN-01), the device is claimed by the company to last up to 406 hours of standby time, 10 hours and 30 minutes of 3G talk-time, or 26 hours of continuous music playback.. Please ask the question in above box. Which type of slot does it have?. This question has no answers yet. This question has no answers yet. 2032 Ratings 20 Reviews. 5 1,347. 4 218. 3 194. 2 105. 1 166. Rate & review this product and help other customers. The Nokia "TRUST" bundled with Android's Flexibility. I ordered the phone on 31st december and the product was delivered to me on january 1st. It was packed very well and for additional safety the box was wrapped in bubble wrap. I ordered Nokia X Dual Sim in green colour. It looks very charming and catches everyone's eyes. I bought the phone for my mother. I was afraid she might find it difficult to use but fortunately she loved it and learned how to operate it very easily. Thanks to the beautifully crafted user interface which gives the ease of a windows phone and the operating system itself that is Android gives the phone user the flexibility to maneuver the phone as per user needs. PROS : * The phone has a very good touchscreen that is very responsive. * It comes with a pre-installed screen guard ( so no need to buy a new one ) * The sound quality is very good. * The phone comes with 512 mb ram that is enough for basic needs and even supports almost all good games without any lag *The primary camera being just 3 mp never disappoints you as the picture quality is very clear. There is no secondary camera though. Still the phone can support skype and viber video calls through the rear camera. Though it doesn't really makes any sense. * The phone comes with 4gb memory but the user available memory is around 1. 3 gb, though you can insert a memory card of capacity upto 32 gb. * The phone is user friendly and offers dual standby with 2g and 3g in one slot each. * Wifi connectivity is very good. * SUPER BEAM works flawlessly, so huge files can be transferred in no time over the wifi. * GPS connectivity is very good. "Here" maps application is as good as google maps and also offers offline navigation. * It has a 3.5 mm audio jack and gives good audio output. * The size of the phone is very good. You can watch movies and play games on it without any problem. You can play all video formats on it just download MX PLAYER. Apps like whatsapp , facebook messenger , hike works without any glitch. CONS : Not many , but still to mention *Downside is the 1500mah battery but it does justice to you by giving a whole day backup without any hiccups. * The google playstore doesnt works on this phone, but there are a few third party app markets from where you can download all the apps that are available on google play. * 512 MB RAM can be a limiting factor for techies, however it fulfills the basic needs. Overall expression: It has a very good build quality topped with NOKIA's trust , ANDROID's flexibility and ease of use because of the Windows like metro interface. So , if you are considering any phone under 5k tag then go for it ! (read more). Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 1 0. Nokia mobile price list in India. Samsung Galaxy J2 (2017) price in India (Rs. Redmi 4 price in India (Rs. Redmi Y1 Lite price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Nokia X. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you when product becomes available.. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Nokia X was obtained on 26th February 2018 15:09:05 The Nokia X is available in Amazon, Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Nokia X online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Nokia X is available in Black, Green colours across various online stores in India.. Nokia X Price in India is Rs. 6,500 as on 26th February 2018 15:09:05. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Phản hồi không hài lòng bộ ảnh. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Đặc điểm nổi bật của Nokia X. Nokia X – Sự kết hợp hoàn hảo của công nghệ. Màn hình đẹp, góc nhìn rộng. Hệ điều hành Android nhưng có bộ mặt hoàn toàn mới. Mượt mà trên từng cử chỉ. Nokia , một hãng điện thoại từng giữ vững ngôi vương trong khoảng thời gian dài trên thị trường điện thoại di động toàn cầu, sau sự phân loại mạnh mẽ của thị trường điện thoại di động , Nokia vẫn đứng vững và càng mạnh mẽ hơn.. Trải qua một thời gian dài, Nokia lại mang đến một niềm vui lớn dành cho fan trung thành của mình với sự ra mắt đầy ấn tượng của dàn smartphone chạy Android, mở ra một kỷ nguyên mới dành cho Nokia.. Nokia X là một đại diện ưu tú với rất nhiều điều khiến người dùng tò mò. Sản phẩm sử dụng hệ điều hành Android 4.1. của Google tuy nhiên nó được thiết kế theo phong cách riêng của Nokia, ngoài ra bên trong máy trang bị chip xử lý Qualcomm Snapdragon S4, màn hình IPS 4 inch cùng khả năng nhắn tin, gọi điện bằng hai sim .. Nokia X mang đến nhiều điều bất ngờ khi sử dụng hệ điều hành. Nokia X được thừa hưởng nhiều từ phong cách thiết kế của dòng Lumia và Asha , vẫn phong cách sặc sỡ đầy màu sắc của Nokia. Sản phẩm có thân hình vuông vắn, chắc chắn và rất trẻ trung, chất liệu nhựa cao cấp Polycarbonate vẫn được hãng này ưu ái sử dụng và nó chiếm được nhiều cảm tình của người dùng, cảm giác cầm trên tay khá là thích. Sản phẩm có độ mỏng là 10.4mm và trọng lượng là 128.7 g, cho cảm giác cầm chắc và đầm tay, bạn cũng có thể thoải mái cầm, sử dụng hoặc đút túi dễ dàng thiết bị này.. Ngoài ra Nokia X còn được giới thiệu với rất nhiều màu sắc mang những cá tính riêng, người dùng có thể thoải mái lựa chọn cho mình một màu nổi bật nhất hoặc thích hợp với mình nhất.. Nokia X rất thoải mái khi cầm và sử dụng. Chất lượng màn hình của Nokia X khá ấn tượng, dù kích thước 4 inch , thuộc dòng máy giá rẻ tuy nhiên sản phẩm được trang bị tấm nền IPS, cho hình ảnh trong, sáng và góc nhìn rất rộng. Thiết bị sử dụng độ phân giải 480 x 800 pixels, đủ để mắt bạn được thoải mái đọc báo, lướt web, cập nhật mạng xã hội thường xuyên, các chi tiết hình ảnh được thể hiện chi tiết và rực rỡ.. Cùng với giao diện dạng ô vuông và khả năng tùy biến cao, trên màn hình 4 inch này bạn hoàn toàn có thể tự sắp xếp được một màn hình gọn gàng và ưa nhìn cho riêng mình. Với chiếc màn hình này và trong mức giá này không thể chê được điều gì về “mặt tiền” của Nokia X cả.. Chất lượng màn hình tốt cho bạn những trải nghiệm ấn tượng hơn. Không thể phủ nhận được sự hấp dẫn của Android và Nokia cũng muốn thử sức trên hệ điều hành này, tuy nhiên thay vì sử dụng hoàn toàn hệ điều hành của Google, Nokia sử dụng Android 4.1 nhưng lại trang bị giao diện giống như Windows Phone kết hợp cùng nền tảng Nokia X mà Nokia phát triển. Không giống như trên các sản phẩm Android thông thường, trên Nokia X bạn sẽ thấy một giao diện rất trực quan, dạng ô vuông có thể tinh chỉnh, thay đối kích thước, vị trí một cách dễ dàng.. Giao diện dạng ô vuông tương tự như trên các smartphone Windows phone. Ngoài ra thay vì sử dụng 3 nút cảm ứng như trên Android thì hãng điện thoại Phần Lan này lại sử dụng chỉ một nút cảm ứng phía dưới màn hình có cả chức năng của phím Back và phím Home. Đặc biệt hơn Nokia X không hỗ trợ sử dụng các dịch vụ của Google như trên smartphone Android, mà Nokia phát triển riêng kho ứng dụng của mình tương tự như trên Play Store của Android với rất nhiều ứng dụng, game đã có sẵn, dịch vụ lưu trữ Nokia sử dụng OneDrive, ngoài ra còn hỗ trợ. các dịch vụ khác của Microsoft như Outlook, Skype, MixRadio và bản đồ Here.. Bên cạnh đó Nokia X cho phép bạn truy cập ứng dụng yêu thích nhanh chóng và dễ dàng với Fastlane. Chỉ có trên Nokia, ứng dụng này hiển thị các ứng dụng, hình ảnh, các cập nhật Facebook gần đây và mọi thứ bạn yêu thích đều được sắp xếp đầy đủ trên một màn hình.. Một hệ điều hành mới rất đáng khám phá. Phần cứng bên trong Nokia X được đầu tư khá tốt với bộ xử lý hai nhân nổi tiếng Snapdragon S4 hỗ trợ RAM 512MB và có khe cắm thẻ nhớ ngoài. Cấu hình này có thể đảm nhiệm tốt công việc lướt web, cập nhật mạng xã hội, chơi các game mini hoặc các game giải trí nhẹ, cùng với pin dung lượng đến 1500mAh bạn có thể sử dụng thoải mái đàm thoại cùng với mạng 3G với thời lượng lên đến 10 giờ đồng hồ.. Giao diện của máy trong quá trình sử dụng không hề có hiện tượng lag hoặc giật, bạn có thể dễ dàng tùy chỉnh, thêm hoặc sửa giao diện một cách dễ dàng, ngoài ra bạn cũng có thể download về máy và sử dụng các ứng dụng phổ biến nhất hiện nay như Facebook, Skype và nhiều game đang gây sốt khác tương tự như trên smartphone Android.. Đa dạng tính năng và ứng dụng. Camera là chi tiết không thể thiếu trong tính năng giải trí của smartphone, sản phẩm có camera 3MP ở phía sau, có tốc độ chụp nhanh và bố trí danh mục các chế độ chụp một cách trực quan, dễ sử dụng. Nếu điều kiện ban ngày sản phẩm sẽ cho bạn những bức ảnh không thể tốt hơn, các chi tiết ảnh được hiển thị rõ ràng, màu sắc rực rỡ.. Nokia X là cái nhìn mới hướng về phía trước, mang theo niềm khát vọng đến chân trời mới của nhà sản xuất đầy kinh nghiệm đến từ Phần Lan. Sản phẩm được kết hợp khá nhiều các yêu tố từ hệ điều hành Android, nền tảng Nokia X và giao diện của Windows Phone, các yếu tố này đã tạo ra một sản phẩm đầy hấp dẫn, kết hợp với kinh nghiệm thiết kế của Nokia, sản phẩm hứa hẹn mang đến những điều bất ngờ ở phía trước.. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Tai nghe nhét trong Kanen IP-218. Thẻ nhớ Micro SD 16 GB Class 10. Pin sạc dự phòng 6.000 mAh Xmobile Y222. Miếng dán màn hình GOS cho điện thoại 5 inch trở xuống. Phụ kiện dành cho Nokia X. Bình luận mới vừa được thêm vào. 4.746 bình luận Xem bình luận kỹ thuật. Có bán pin loại điện thoại đó hk vậy. Chào anh, Hiện bên em không kinh doanh pin cho máy này anh nha. Anh có thể liên hệ hãng để được hỗ trợ nha.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 19 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Nhất Tuyển phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. NOKIA X phát wifi cho máy khác dùng được không ạ. Điện thoại này có thể phát wifi cho máy khác sử dụng bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 23 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Phúc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. chi mình hỏi máy này phát wifi cho thiết bị khác dùng được không. Điện thoại này có thể phát wifi cho máy khác sử dụng bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 23 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Phúc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Rất tiếc là điện thoại này không hỗ trợ 4G bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 29 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Phúc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Máy này có thể mua pin mới lắp vô không?. Nokia X có thiết kế pin rời nên nếu pin hỏng bạn có thể mua pin dành cho máy và có thể tự lắp pin mới vào máy tại nhà nha bạn. Xin thông tin đến bạn ạ !. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Đặng Thanh phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Tôi mua nokia x máy mới tại cửa hàng đã 2 năm.cho hỏi có thu lai không?. Rất tiếc cùng anh hiện tại sản phẩm của anh đã hết hạn bảo hành bên em không hỗ trợ thu lại ạ. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Chung Tú phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. A ơi cài ch play cho nokia x sao vậy. Chào bạn Rất tiếc là bạn cần phải ROOT máy mới cài đặt được cửa hàng CH Play bạn nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Minh Tân phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Minh Tân: e root rồi làm gì nữa vậy anh. Bạn vui lòng liên hệ các cửa hàng điện thoại bên ngoài để các bạn kiểm tra hỗ trợ cho bạn do bên mình chưa hỗ trợ hướng dẫn cài đặt CH Play bạn nhé. Mong bạn thông cảm cho sự bất tiện này.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thanh Khiêm phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Cho hỏi làm sao để đk mạng internet cho điện thoại nokia x vì nó chỉ sử dụng tới 2G. Bạn vui lòng cho mình xin link thông tin máy này chỉ hỗ trợ tới 2G để mình kiểm tra hỗ trợ bạn nhé.. Mong nhận được thông tin từ bạn.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thanh Khiêm phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Cho hoi ben mjnh co ban pin nokia x k. Chào anh, Rất tiếc là bên em không kinh doanh pin cho sản phẩm anh quan tâm ạ,mong anh thông cảm. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Khánh An phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. có dán màn hình cho nokia X không ạ?. Chào anh, Hiện tại siêu thị Thegioididong.com bên em đang có kinh doanh miếng dán lớn đấy ạ. Khi anh đến siêu thị thì nhân viên bên em sẽ cắt nhỏ ra vừa với máy của anh nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 2 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Đăng Điền phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Màn hình: Hệ điều hành: Camera sau: CPU: Bộ nhớ trong: Thẻ SIM: Dung lượng pin:. Nokia X software platform (trên nền Android 4.1). Thông số kỹ thuật chi tiết Nokia X. Tuần rồi review những sản phẩm gì hot? Lumia 550, Nokia 230, Mobiistar Prime X Plus... Điểm tin HOT 20/8: Video cận cảnh Bphone 2017 Gold, "Nokia 3310" bản 4 SIM. Smartphone thương hiệu Việt cấu hình tương đương Nokia 3 nhưng giá tốt hơn nhiều. Điểm tin HOT 19/6: Mobiistar Prime X 2017 giảm giá, cách kiểm tra iPhone chính hãng và hạn bảo hành. Điểm tin HOT 28/1: Ngày của smartphone giảm giá: Xperia X, XA, iPhone 6s,... Xem tất cả các tin liên quan. Tìm hiểu về mua trả góp. Đăng ký cho thuê mặt bằng. Giới thiệu công ty (mwg.vn). Tìm siêu thị (1747 shop). Gọi mua hàng 1800.1060 (7:30 - 22:00). Gọi khiếu nại 1800.1062 (8:00 - 21:30). Gọi bảo hành 1800.1064 (8:00 - 21:00). Hỗ trợ kỹ thuật 1800.1763 (7:30 - 22:00). Công ty cổ phần Thế Giới Di Động. GPDKKD: 0303217354 do sở KH & ĐT TP.HCM cấp ngày 02/01/2007. GP số 22/GP-ICP-STTTT do Sở TTTT TP HCM cấp ngày 20/03/2012.. Địa chỉ: 128 Trần Quang Khải, P. Tân Định, Q.1, TP.Hồ Chí Minh. Chịu trách nhiệm nội dung: Huỳnh Văn Tốt. Xem chính sách sử dụng web. Đang xử lý, vui lòng đợi trong giây lát.... 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Nokia X on Facebook. See more of Nokia X on Facebook. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 22 April 2015 ·. Guys like this page https://m.facebook.com/SomthngAmazngAboutEarth. · 12 January 2015 ·. With great power comes greater problems. Nokia X shared Shyam Sunil Karthikeyan 's photo .. · 9 October 2014 ·. # SHARE Windows Phone Users & Lovers !!!. We're Windows Phone users ;) :) son !!!. Nokia X shared Nokia Android Phones 's photo .. · 6 June 2014 ·. Nokia X2 with dedicated 'Home' button. Nokia X shared a link .. · 2 April 2014 ·. See Fastlane in action on the new Nokia X.. See Fastlane in action on the new Nokia X.. · 20 March 2014 ·. WhatsApp, Instagram now available for Nokia X series.. Two of the most popular apps - WhatsApp and Instagram - are now available for download on Nokia X. Users can get the fully functional WhatsApp version from third party stores such as 1Mobile Market or APTOiDE, both of which are accessible straight from their Nokia X. Users can either download third-party app to their device and search for WhatsApp within the store client. After downloading, they will see a prompt that will ... Tap the button to allow downloads from unknown sources (you can go back and reset this later).. WhatsApp for Nokia X also supports group chat for when users want to communicate one thing to many people. Along with an audible notice, updates will be shown on Fastlane.. Getting your hands on Instagram is also quite simple. Once you have 1Mobile Market installed, just tap the search icon and you will see Instagram from a list of top apps to download - you don't even have to type it in. Download the app, and confirm that you want it installed from the source, launch it, and start using the app.. · 18 March 2014 ·. Nokia X+ and XL to ship with bundled 4GB microSD card.. Nokia has revealed the inclusion of 4GB microSD cards for two of its recently announced Nokia X series smartphones, the Nokia X+ and Nokia XL.. The news comes from thr Nokia Conversation blog, where a Nokia fan, @Juan Martinez, asked "What storage do the phones come with?" to which the firm replied "All devices in the Nokia X family can support up to 32GB microSD cards. The Nokia X+ and Nokia XL come with a 4GB card includ ... While this doesn't eliminate the user worry of low inbuilt storage (the three Nokia X series phones feature 4GB of inbuilt storage), the inclusion of a bundled microSD card for two models should help placate users slightly.. Talking about the storage in Nokia handsets, it has been discovered that the Nokia Lumia 1520 phablet, which was launched last year, can support 128GB microSDXC external card storage. The user who tested the card also mentions better benchmark results and smooth stutter-free recording of videos. However, it has been pointed out that 1080p full-HD video recording is still not very smooth.. On the Conversations blog, Nokia also revealed that the Nokia X handsets will arrive with BBM and WeChat messaging services pre-loaded. However, one would have to download other apps like WhatsApp and Instagram from third-part app stores such as Aptoide and 1Mobile.. Unlike Windows Phone 8 handsets, the Nokia X family will not be able to change tile colours as "they're pre-determined by category." However, one can resize and re-arrange the tiles on the home screen.. Nokia X is also confirmed to support widgets, which can be accessed directly "from the home screen and can be placed alongside the tiles.". · 14 March 2014 ·. 1 Million Reasons To Smile !!! Nokia X Pre-Orders Surpasses The 1 Million Mark In China That Too In Just 4 Days.. Nokia's first Android smartphone, the Nokia X has been the talk of the town ever since its introduction at this year's Mobile World Congress. The Nokia X has already gone on sale in countries like India and Malaysia and the device was available for pre-ordering in China.. Nokia has taken to its Weibo account to reveal that the pre-orders for the Nokia X smartphone i ... n China have already reached 1 million in just about 4 days. The Finnish company isn't making any predictions for the overall sales figure in China, but the firm is confident of capturing a fair share of Chinese market with its latest affordable offering.. Nokia X will begin to ship across the country on March 25, so there are still few weeks to go before we get to know the final pre-order figures.. · 10 March 2014 ·. Nokia India : Get on the Fastlane and find your way into the world of Android™ apps !!!. Yes !!! The #NokiaX has arrived in India.. Check it out : http://nokia.ly/1hSWUqE. 9% Off | PRICE : 9,499 | BUY AT : 8,599. Add Your Admin here : @Shyam. · 5 March 2014 ·. Nokia x to be coming in india on march 10!!. Nokia X shared The Pocket Tech 's photo .. · 2 March 2014 ·. Apex Launcher and Widget running on Android powered Nokia X. · 2 March 2014 ·. What do u like the most in Nokia x devices????. · 27 February 2014 ·. We need admin for this page :). · 25 February 2014 ·. It's a celebration! # GoNokiaX. · 24 February 2014 ·. The new Nokia X family - Your Fastlane to Android™ apps : http://youtu.be/tEG6byopsxA. · 24 February 2014 ·. How many 'LIKES' for Nokia X ?. · 24 February 2014 ·. The new Nokia X family - Your Fastlane to Android™ apps : http://youtu.be/tEG6byopsxA. The new Nokia X family : Your Fastlane to Android™ apps. Meet the new Nokia X family of affordable smartphones. The Nokia X, X+ and XL give you access to the world of AndroidTM apps: http://nokia.com/nokiaXrange Ac.... 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery and Conclusion. posted by Chris P.. Nokia - Nokia + Android - Android +. 4 Call Quality, Battery and Conclusion. Introduction One of the forefathers of the modern phone industry, Nokia is revered by many to this day for the level of build quality of its devices, and yet that didn't help the company when it was caught off guard by the stratospheric surge in demand for smartphones. Many thought that the Finnish company made all the wrong decisions, especially when it decided to go for an infant of an operating system in Windows Phone. The thought of what Nokia could have been like if it instead at least had hedged its bets, and adopted Android as well, is still stuck at the back of the heads of many industry watchers, not to mention fans. We won't be having a miraculous remake of history today – it's too late for that – but we all finally have the opportunity to see what Nokia hardware powered by Android feels like. With its X-line, Nokia surprised many by finally seeing fit to experiment with Android, though hardheaded as the company is, this is still a fork of the platform. The 4-inch, dual SIM entry-level Nokia X that we'll be looking at today, then, comes with all the signature Nokia services like its app store and HERE Maps, but none from Google. There's no Play Store, no Google Maps, and many, many more. And while there's a degree of inter-compatibility (ergo, normal Android apps will usually run just fine on the Nokia X's software), it's still a halfhearted stab at the world's most popular mobile OS. Is that necessarily a bad thing? We were very intent on finding out and share our impressions with you, so keep on reading. In the box: A power plug with a permanently-attached microUSB cable Headphones Design The Nokia X borrows inspiration heavily from the Lumia 525 and Asha 503 – the X is a typical rectangular slab with sharper-than-average corners and excellent build quality Whether it's because it is a near-flawless look-alike to the latest Asha 503 , or because the Asha, in turn, draws inspiration from Nokia's Lumia 520 / 525 , we felt like we knew the Nokia X from the get-go. The X inherited the singular capacitive 'back' button from the the Asha line, and the rectangular frame with its moderately sharp edges. The removable rear shell is made of solid matte plastic, same as the buttons on the right side of the X. Both the volume rocker and the power key provide profound feedback, and there's a nice amount of travel to them. Handling the Nokia X is easy – the small device is perfect for one-handed use – but we couldn't shake off the feeling that we're using a toy phone. And it's not just the jubilant palette of color options – it's also the profoundly plastic, but very solid exterior that made us feel like we're operating a reinforced, child-proof piece of hardware. On the bright side, while there's no arguing this looks and feels like an entry-level device, the overall build quality is impressive. Display Reflective, dim, and completely off when it comes to proper color reproduction When looking at the 4-inch 480x800 pixel resolution IPS display on the Nokia X, the results speak for themselves, and align very well with our initial impressions. For starters, this isn't the sharpest panel out there, though at 233ppi, we didn't find much reason for complaint. But it's in color reproduction that the panel totally disappoints – it's got a very cold color temperature of 9320K, resulting in a noticeably bluish fringe throughout. This problem is especially noticeable when the display has to render differing shades of gray. But that's not all – specific colors, like magenta and cyan, are seriously messed up. Greens and reds are also problematic. Worse yet, the display isn't very bright, managing 359 nits at its very best. This, combined with the highly reflective glass on top of the display, amounts to a frustrating outdoors viewing experience. It's also relatively bright even at the lowest setting, meaning that usage in complete darkness may tire out your eyes quickly.. Image: 1 of 4. 4.55 x 2.48 x 0.41 inches. 115.5 x 63 x 10.4 mm. 5.11 x 2.59 x 0.46 inches. 129.9 x 65.9 x 11.6 mm. 4.65 x 2.46 x 0.47 inches. 118 x 62.4 x 12 mm. 4.77 x 2.47 x 0.39 inches. 121.2 x 62.7 x 10 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Image: 1 of 3. (Posts: 1888; Member since: 30 Mar 2011). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:15. This phone is a middle finger from Nokia to Android and to itself... Making a test device and see if there will be market for them, I'll give you that Nokia. But putting a crappy camera like that, you are just ruining your image as the camera king of the smartphone world. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:19. Why Nokia would use a Cortex-A5 CPU for their first run with an Android type phone is beyond me. In fact every WP from them has always has a much higher class CPU. The other thing is who cares what Ghz or the number of cores are in this CPU, or the fact that it came from Qualcomm. Its still a Cortex-A5 class CPU. Don't get me started on the 512Mb of ram this thing has, or the 4Gb of storage, or the camera at 3mp with no flash, an what a front facing camera (lack there of). This thing should have never made it to the drawing board. Let alone calling itself an Android phone with no normal Google apps and services. Things that most normal people associate when actually using an Android phone. I wouldn't want to get the Nokia X wet. The moto g is a much better buy, and you are getting a much better phone compared to the Nokia X.. (Posts: 739; Member since: 17 Jan 2014). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 15:25. I am not surprised at all. I said from the beginning that this could only ever be an Asha replacement... all these Android fans day-dreaming of a Nokia Android flagship - it just was never going to be that way, ever. At best, Nokia X will become the new Asha. At worst, it just won't take off, and Asha devices will remain for a little while longer. Nokia really does need a replacement for Series 40 that they can actually call a "smartphone" OS without lying.. (Posts: 439; Member since: 12 May 2012). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:18. 4.5/10 is well deserved for this!! But that its rated above the Jolla smartphone disturbs me... (Posts: 567; Member since: 27 Jun 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:37. It's a completely different price class, though.. (Posts: 1143; Member since: 05 Oct 2011). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:57. For the same price I have my Moto G. Which is amazing for the price.. (Posts: 582; Member since: 28 Jun 2012). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:15. in response to #12 Hide. The Moto G is Best in the World at that price. (Posts: 3689; Member since: 14 Feb 2014). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 10:21. in response to #12 Hide. Excellent phone even without considering price. It has never let me down the whole month. But regardless of the score this POS is going to sell millions thanks to die hard nokia fanboys.. (Posts: 3689; Member since: 14 Feb 2014). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 10:22. in response to #35 Hide. P.S Not to be confused POS=NOKIA X lol ;-). (Posts: 3487; Member since: 26 Oct 2012). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:18. Find no reason to chose this phone over Moto G. If storage is very-very important to you (although Moto G offers 65GB cloud storage with G Drive):. Moto G has water resistant coating. 1 GB ram (Nokia with only 512 ram, wth?!). Android 4.4 vs Nokia built on 4.2 (Also better support). (Posts: 853; Member since: 23 May 2012). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:08. i thought the x was built on 4.0?. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:25. The Nokia X is built on Android 4.1 jellybean.. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:28. You are also missing the moto g can take slow motion videos, and if you want add more storage on the moto g, you can just go buy a USB otg cable for around $2-$5. Then you can use regular USB flash drives on the moto g. There is even more elegant ways to add more storage to Android like the Sandisk Connect, which was reviewed on phonearena.com. (Posts: 263; Member since: 15 Jan 2014). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:22. What is that? A phone for ants?. (Posts: 525; Member since: 22 Aug 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:39. have u seen an ant with phone? hahhahahahaha!. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:30. Because the only one that will be playing with it, is the ants at the landfill dump site.. (Posts: 270; Member since: 25 Nov 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:28. 4.5 is pretty generous for this crap. The UI is ugly, the spec is so so. Zenfone4 is way better than this crap. Kinda pity those who bought it. Well, not my problem though, they can waste their money on whatever they want.. (Posts: 14; Member since: 05 Apr 2012). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:38. 4.5, as expected from this crap. (Posts: 1610; Member since: 26 Oct 2011). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:43. (Posts: 3902; Member since: 04 Feb 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:48. Crap = charming rich affordable phone. (Posts: 1693; Member since: 18 Aug 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:52. Moto G and Lumia 520/525=charming affordable rich phone. This is like Galaxy Trend, cheap and average at best, but mostly crap. Actually Trend beats this some ways, especially with MUCH MUCH better app store and Google apps. (Posts: 2116; Member since: 30 Apr 2012). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 07:59. What's the point of this phone? A Lumia 520/521 would be better than this hunk of junk (and cheaper), and I'd never recommend a 520/521 to anyone that wasn't an enemy that I didn't want to suffer through the agony of using a mediocre Windows phone. WP's app selection might suck, but it's better than what this phone offers. If you want something cheap to hack and tinker with, pick up a used Galaxy Nexus or S2 for cheap, or spend a bit more for a Moto G. Hell, almost any 2 year old used or NOS phone would cost as much, yet be far better. If the reason to purchase this is because it supports dual sim, then this isn't my area of knowledge, but I'm sure there are better options than this (like the Sony E1).. (Posts: 2072; Member since: 24 Oct 2012). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:15. People should overlook this phone and consider the Lumia 525, which is overall a much better phone than this. If this phone would have ran WP, it would be fast and smooth, but it runs Android so.... (Posts: 1693; Member since: 18 Aug 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:32. Sorry, this phone is crap, thanks to Nokia and M$. Android has nothing to do with it.. (Posts: 2458; Member since: 28 Nov 2009). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 13:03. "Sorry, this phone is crap, thanks to Nokia and M$". No, thanks to Elop and Microsoft. If Nokia was left independent, I guarantee you would have got a full Android experience on a 1020-like device.. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:48. NokiaFTW now you are clearly showing the world you technical knowledge, or lack thereof. The Nokia X is using a Cortex-A5 CPU which is the bottom of the barrel, as far as ARM CPU's are concerned in todays world. Every WP uses a higher Cortex-A9 or above CPU. In fact WP never supported anything lower then a Qualcomm Cortex-A9 CPU.. (Posts: 739; Member since: 17 Jan 2014). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 15:43. And that is the point of this phone... it is too cheap to run Windows Phone. Android was the only smartphone OS option left that could be wrangled into something this underpowered. Now, that ought not to be a bad reflection on Android - Android is wonderfully scalable, made to suit a wide range of hardware, from the best of flagships to the cheapest of working garbage. In order to make this an Asha replacement, it had to come in at the cheapest end of the spectrum, and I'm still not convinced that it will work out for Nokia/Microsoft the way they wanted it to. It is still too expensive to be a better value than either a Moto G or a Sony Xperia E1, and still comes in at the high end of the cost curve when compared to an Asha device. For something that was supposed to be this 'cheap', it actually isn't inexpensive enough. The price needed to be sub-$100.. (Posts: 3689; Member since: 14 Feb 2014). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 10:28. Lololol temple run needs 1gb ram ouch. (Posts: 3722; Member since: 16 Aug 2011). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 08:25. Maybe Nokia is trying to say "look how terrible Android phones are! Buy WP!". (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 17 Apr 2014, 09:01. You mean Microsoft since Nokia is owned by Microsoft.. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 4.0 inches, 480 x 800 pixels (233 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 4.55 x 2.48 x 0.41 inches (115.5 x 63 x 10.4 mm). Battery 1500 mAh, 13.3 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon S4, Dual-core, 1000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A5 processor 0.5 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. AU$ AUD £ GBP CA$ CAD € EUR ¥ JPY $ USD. MOQ:$300 ; DHL Free Shipping On Orders $999+. 0 Cart : $0.00. iPhone Apple Samsung Huawei Xiaomi Nokia LG Sony HTC Acer Google Asus Motorola Microsoft Lenovo More Brands Tablets Tools Refurbishing Batteries OEM Accessories. iPhone X iPhone X lcd screen iPhone X glass lens iPhone X back cover iPhone X flex cable iPhone X small parts iPhone 8 Plus iPhone 8 Plus lcd screen iPhone 8 Plus glass lens iPhone 8 Plus back cover iPhone 8 Plus flex cable iPhone 8 Plus small parts iPhone 8 iPhone 8 lcd screen iPhone 8 glass lens iPhone 8 back cover iPhone 8 flex cable iPhone 8 small parts iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 Plus lcd screen iPhone 7 Plus glass lens iPhone 7 Plus back cover iPhone 7 Plus flex cable iPhone 7 Plus small parts iPhone 7 iPhone 7 lcd screen iPhone 7 glass lens iPhone 7 back cover iPhone 7 flex cable iPhone 7 small parts iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 6S Plus lcd screen iPhone 6S Plus touch panel / glass lens iPhone 6S Plus back cover iPhone 6S Plus flex cable iPhone 6S Plus small parts iPhone 6S iPhone 6S lcd screen iPhone 6S touch panel / glass lens iPhone 6S back cover iPhone 6S flex cable iPhone 6S small parts iphone 6 plus iPhone 6 Plus lcd screen iPhone 6 Plus touch panel / glass lens iPhone 6 Plus back cover iPhone 6 Plus flex cable iPhone 6 Plus small parts iphone 6 iPhone 6 lcd screen iPhone 6 touch panel / glass lens iphone 6 back cover iPhone 6 flex cable iPhone 6 small parts iPhone SE iPhone SE lcd screen iPhone SE glass lens iPhone SE back cover iPhone SE flex cable iPhone SE small parts iphone 5s iPhone 5S lcd screen iPhone 5S touch panel / glass lens iPhone 5S back cover iPhone 5S flex cable iPhone 5S battery & small parts iphone 5c iPhone 5C lcd screen iPhone 5C touch panel / glass lens iPhone 5C back cover iPhone 5C flex cable iPhone 5C battery & small parts iphone 5 iPhone 5 lcd screen iPhone 5 touch panel / glass lens iPhone 5 back cover iphone 5 flex cable iphone 5 battery & small parts iphone 4s iPhone 4S lcd screen iPhone 4S touch panel / glass lens iPhone 4S back cover iPhone 4S flex cable iPhone 4S battery & small parts iphone 4 iPhone 4 lcd screen iPhone 4 touch panel / glass lens iPhone 4 back cover iPhone 4 flex cable battery & small parts. iPad iPad Pro 10.5 (2017) iPad New 2017 iPad Pro 9.7" A1673 A1674 A1675 iPad Pro 12.9" A1584 A1652 ipad Air 2 spare parts IPad Air spare parts iPad mini 4 Parts ipad Mini 3 spare parts IPad Mini 2 Spare Parts iPad Mini Spare Parts Ipad 4th spare parts ipad 3rd spare parts ipad 2nd spare parts. ipod iPod Video parts iPod Classic parts iPod Nano 7th Parts iPod Nano 6th Parts iPod Touch 5th Parts iPod Touch 4th parts iPod Touch 3rd Parts iPod Touch 2nd Parts. MacBook Parts MacBook 13.3 Parts Macbook Air Parts MacBook Pro Parts Mac Charging Devices. Apple Watch Parts Apple Watch 1st Apple Watch Sport Apple Watch 2nd Gen Apple watch 3rd Gen. Galaxy S Parts S8 Plus S8 S7 Edge S7 S6 Edge Plus S6 Edge S6 Active G890 S6 S5 S5 Mini S5 Neo S5 Plus S5 Active S4 S4 Mini S4 Active S3 S3 Mini S3 Neo i9301 S2 S2 SGH-T989 S2 Duos I929 S2 Skyrocket SGH-I727 S i9000 Galaxy A Parts A7 (2017) A720 A5 (2017) A520 A3 (2017) A320 A9 Pro (2016) A910 A7 2016 SM-A710 A5 2016 SM-A510 A3 2016 SM-A310 A9 2015 A900 A9000 A8 2016 A810 SM-A810 A8 A8000 A7 SM-A700 A5 SM-A500 A3 SM-A300. Galaxy Note Parts Note 8 N950 Note 5 Note 4 Note Edge SM-N915 Note Edge SM-N915T (T-Mobile) Note 3 N9005 Note 3 Neo N7505 Note 2 N7100 Note 2 LTE N7105 Note GT-N7000 Note GT-I9220 Galaxy J Parts J7 V J727 J7 2017 SM-J730F J5 2017 SM-J530 J3 2017 Prime SM-J327 J327T1 J3 2017 SM-J330 J7 Prime G6100 J5 Prime G5700 J2 Prime SM-G532F J7 2016 SM-J710 J7 J5 2016 J510 J5 J3 2016 SM-J320 J3 2015 J300 J2 2016 SM-J210 J2 J200 J1 2016 SM-J120 J1 Ace J110 J1 Mini 2016 SM-J105F J1. Other Phone Parts Xcover 4 G390F Xcover 3 SM-G388F C9 Pro C8 C7100 C7 C5 E5 E500 E7 E700 Alpha SM-G850 Ace 4 G357 Ace 3 LTE GT-S7275 Ace 2 I8160 Ace Plus GT-S7500 Core Duos i8260 i8262 Core GT-I8262 Core Prime SM-G360 G361F Core 2 G355 G355HN Core Plus G350 Express 2 G3815 Express I8730 Grand Prime G530 G531 Grand Duos I9082 Grand Neo Plus GT-I9060I Grand Neo I9060 Grand 2 SM-G7102 Mega 6.3 i9200 Mega 5.8 I9152 Galaxy Trend Plus GT-S7580 Trend 2 Lite G318 G318H Trend Lite GT-S7390 S Duos S7560 S Duos 2 S7582 SL I9003 Star Pro GT-S7262 Nexus i9250 Premier i9260 R I9103 Xcover 2 S7710 Infuse 4G SGH-I997 GT-S7530 Omnia M Z1 Z130H. Galaxy Tab Parts Tab A 10.1 P585 P580 Tab A 10.1 (2016)T580 Tab A 7.0 (2016)T280 Tab E 8.0 P355/P350/T377 Note Pro 12.2 P900/P901/P905 Tab Pro T900 Tab S2 9.7 T810 Tab S 10.5 T800 T805 Tab S2 8.0" T710 T715 Tab S 8.4 LTE SM-T705 Tab S 8.4 T700 Tab E 9.6 SM-T560 Tab A 9.7 SM-T550 T550 T551 T555 Tab 4 SM-T535 SM-T530 Tab Pro 10.1 T520 T525 Tab A 8.0 T350 Tab 4 8.0 SM-T331 Tab 4 8.0 T330 Tab Pro 8.4 SM-T320 Tab 3 8.0 T311 Tab 3 8.0 T310 Tab 3 7.0 P3200 SM-T211 Tab 4 7.0 T230 T231 T233 T235 Tab 3 7.0 T210 Tab 3 Lite T116 Tab 3 Lite 7.0 VE T113 Tab 3 T111 Tab 3 Lite 7.0 T110 Note 10.1 2014 P600 Tab 10.1 P7510 Tab 10.1 P7500 Tab 8.9 P7300 Tab 10.1 P7100 Tab 7.7 P6800 Tab 7.0 Plus P6200 Tab 3 10.1 P5200 Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Tab 2 7.0 P3110 Tab 2 7.0 P3100 Tab P1000 Note 10.1 N8010 Note 10.1 N8000 Note 8.0 N5100. Enjoy Parts GR3 (Enjoy 5s) Enjoy 6S/Honor 6C/Nova Smart Enjoy 6 Enjoy 7,Y6 Pro 2017 Enjoy 7 Plus,Y7 Huawei Enjoy 7S Honor Parts Honor V11 Honor V10 Honor 9 lite Honor 9 Honor V9 Play Honor V9 Honor Magic Honor Note 8 Honor V8 Honor 8 Lite Honor 8 Huawei Honor 7X Honor 7i Honor 7 Honor 6A Enjoy 6S/Honor 6C/Nova Smart Honor 6X Honor 6 Plus Honor 6 Honor 5C,Honor 7 lite Honor Play 5X (GR5) Honor 4X G Play Mini Honor 4C Honor 3C Play Honor 3C 4G Honor 3. Mate Parts Huawei Mate 10 Pro Huawei Mate 10 Mate 10 Lite/Maimang 6 Mate 9 Pro Mate 9 Lite Mate 9 Porsche Design Mate 9 Mate S Mate 8 Mate 7 Other Phone Parts Huawei Nova 2i Huawei Nova 2S Nova 2 Plus Nova 2 Nova Plus P10 Lite/Nova Lite Nova Huawei Y6II Y6 II (Honor 5A Play) Huawei Y6 Pro ( Enjoy 5) Y6 2017/Nova Young 4G LTE MYA-L11 Y6 Honor 4A Huawei Y5 II 2016 (Honor 5 Play) Y3 II (Y3-2) 2016 (3G 4G). Ascend P Parts Huawei Ascend P10 Plus Huawei Ascend P10 Lite/Nova Lite Huawei Ascend P10 Huawei Ascend P9 Plus Huawei Ascend P9 Huawei Ascend P9 Lite 2017 Huawei Ascend P9 Lite Huawei Ascend P8max Huawei Ascend P8 Lite (2017) Huawei Ascend P8 Lite Huawei Ascend P8 Huawei Ascend P7 Huawei Ascend P6 Huawei MediaPad Parts MediaPad T3 10 MediaPad T2 8 Pro MediaPad T2 7.0 MediaPad M3 Lite 10 M3 8.4" BTV-W09 BTV-DL09 MediaPad M2 Lite M2 8.0 M2-801L M2-802L M2-803L MediaPad M1 S7 Slim S7-201 S7-301 S8-701W/U T1-821W S10-201U MediaPad 7 Vogue MediaPad X1 MediaPad X2. Ascend Parts G9 Plus /Maimang 5 Ascend G8/D199 Ascend G7 Ascend G6 Ascend G750/Honor 3X Ascend G730 Ascned G630 Ascend G620s Ascend G610S Ascend G610 Ascend G600 Ascend G525 Ascend G510 Ascend G300 U8815 Ascend Y635 Ascend Y625 Ascend Y600 Ascend Y560 Ascend Y550 Ascend Y530 Ascend Y511. Xiaomi Parts Mi A1 Mi 5X Mi Mix 2 Mi Mix Mi6 M6 Mi 5S Plus Mi5S Mi 5S Mi5C Mi5 Mi 5 Mi Note 3 Mi Note 2 Mi Note Mi 4c Mi 4i Mi 4S Mi4 Mi3 Mi 2S. Redmi Parts Redmi Note 4X Redmi Note 4 Pro Redmi Note 4 Redmi Note 3 FHD Redmi Note 2 Redmi Note Redmi Pro Redmi 4X Redmi 4A Redmi 4 Redmi 3S Redmi 3 Redmi 2. Nokia X Nokia X Nokia XL Nokia X2 Dual SIM Nokia Other Series Nokia 8 Nokia 7 Nokia 6 Nokia 5 Nokia 3 Nokia 2 808 PureView Parts Nokia X7 Parts Nokia X6 Parts Nokia E7 Spare Parts Nokia 701 Spare Parts Nokia 700 Spare Parts Nokia 603 Spare Parts Nokia 500 Parts. Lumia parts Lumia 1520 Parts Lumia 1320 Parts Lumia 1020 Parts Lumia 930 Spare Parts Lumia 929 Spare Parts Lumia 928 Spare Parts Lumia 925 Spare Parts Lumia 920 Spare Parts Lumia 900 Spare Parts Lumia 830 Spare Parts Lumia 822 Spare Parts Lumia 820 Spare Parts Lumia 810 Spare Parts Lumia 800 Spare Parts Lumia 735 Spare Parts Lumia 730 Dual SIM Lumia 720 Spare Parts Lumia 710 Spare Parts Lumia 700 Spare Parts Lumia 635/630 Spare Parts Lumia 625 Spare Parts Lumia 620 Spare Parts Lumia 610 Spare Parts Lumia 530 Spare Parts Lumia 520 Spare Parts Lumia 510 spare Parts Nokia Tablet Parts Lumia 2520 Nokia N1 N1S. N & C Parts Nokia N8 Parts Nokia N9 Parts Nokia N900 Parts Nokia C7 Spare Parts Nokia C6 Spare Parts Nokia C6 01 Parts Nokia C3-01. Asha Parts Asha 501 Parts Asha 305 parts Asha 300 Parts Asha 311 Parts Asha 225 Parts. G Parts G6 H870 H870K H870s G5 H840/H850 G4 H810/H815 G4 Stylus LS770 H540 H542 H631 Ms631 H635 G4 Mini H735 H736 G4C H525N H500 H502 G3 D850 D851 D855 G3 Stylus D690 D693 G3 Mini 728 G3 Mini 725 722 G2 D802 D805 G2 D800 D801 D803 G2 VS980 G2 F320 G2 Mini D620 G Pro 2 F350 D837 D838 G Flex D950 (AT&T) G Flex D959 (T-Mobile) G Flex F340 (Korea) G Flex D955 (UK) G Flex D956 (Brazil). K Parts K20 Plus TP260 MP260 K600 X Mach K580 X CAM K530DY K530 K530F LG Stylus 2 Plus K520 k540 Stylus 2 LS775 K500 K500F K500AR K500H K500N X Screen K220 X power K10 2017 (M250N) K10 K410 K420 K430 K8 2017 X240 K8 K350N K350E K350DS K7 2017 X230Z X230K K7 X210 K5 X220 K4 2017 M160 K4 LTE K120AR K120E K121 K130E K120EM. Other Parts Zone Ray X180 X180G X190 V30 V20 V10 H900/H901 Zero H650 H650K LG Magna H500 Spirit 3G H420N/4G H440N LG Leon H340 LG L60 LG L65 Dual D280N D285 LG L70 LG L90 L Bello L80+ D331 D335 D337 LG F60 L Fino D290 Optimus G Pro E980 Optimus G E975 Optimus G LS970 Optimus L7 II P710 Spare Optimus L7 P700 Parts. Tablet Models Parts G Pad X 8.0 V521 / AT&T V520 G Pad X2 8.0 Plus V530 G Pad 10.1 V700 VK700 G Pad 8.3 V500 G Pad 7.0 V400. Xperia Z Parts Z5 Premium Z5 Compact Mini E5803 Z5 Z4V E6508 Z4/Z3+ Z3 Compact Mini D5803 Z3V D6708 Z3 Z2A Z2 L50W D6520 Z1 Compact Z1S L39T C6916 C9616 Z1 L39H Z L36h C6603 C6602 Z Ultra XL39h ZR M36h C5503 C5502 ZL C6502 C6503 Xperia Tablet Parts Z4 Tablet Z3 Tablet Compact Z2 Tablet Tablet Z Tablet S1 Tablet S. Xperia Parts ONE M5 M4 Aqua M2 / M2 Aqua M C5 Ultra C4 C3 E5 F3311 F3313 E4 E4G E3 T3 T2 Ultra T LT30p V LT25i P LT22i U ST25i L S36h C2105 S Arc HD LT26i. Xperia Parts TWO Sony C8 XZ1 XZ 1 G8341 G8342 XA1 Plus L1 (G3311, G3313) XZ Premium (G8141, G8142) XZs (G8231, G8232) XZ F8331 XZ Dual F8332 XA1 Ultra C7 (G3221, G3212, G3226) XA1 (G3121, G3123, G3125) XA Ultra C6 XA X Compact F5321 X Performance X Acro S LT26w TX LT29i Miro ST23i ST23a SP M35h C5303 C5302. Ericsson Xperia Ericsson Xperia Arc LT15i. One Series Parts HTC 10 Evo (Bolt) HTC 10 (M10) HTC One X10 HTC One X9 HTC One S9 HTC One A9s HTC One A9 HTC One M9+(M9pw) HTC One M9 HTC One M8S HTC One M8 HTC One E9+ HTC One E9S HTC One E9 HTC One E8 HTC One Mini 2 HTC One Max HTC One Dual Sim (M7 802w) HTC One M7 HTC One Mini (M4) HTC One X HTC One X Plus HTC One SV HTC One S HTC One VX HTC One V HTC One XL Windows Models Parts 8S 8X. Desire Series Parts Desire 10 Lifestyle Desire 10 Pro Desire Eye Desire 830 Desire 828 Desire 826 Desire 825 Desire 820 Desire 816G Dual SIM Desire 816 Desire 728 Desire 650 Desire 630 Desire 628 Desire 626G/626G+ Desire 625 Desire 620 620G Desire 616 Desire 610 Desire 601 Desire 600 Desire 530 Desire 526 526G Desire 516 Desire 510 Desire 501 Desire 500 Desire 400 Desire 310 Desire 300 Desire 210 Desire 200 Desire X T328e HTC Tab Parts Jetstream Flyer EVO View 4G. HTC Other Parts U11 Life U11 U Ultra U Play. Butterfly Series Parts Butterfly 3 Butterfly 2 J Butterfly Butterfly S Butterfly. Liquid Phone Parts Liquid S1 S510 Liquid E700 Liquid Z5 Liquid Z500 Liquid Z410 Liquid E V360. Iconia Tab Parts A1-810 A1-830 B1-750 B1-730 B1- A71 W700 A700 A510 A500 A211 A200. Google Phone Parts Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel Nexus Sailfish S1 5" Google Pixel XL Nexus Marlin M1 5.5" Nexus 6P Nexus 6 Nexus 5X H790 H791 Nexus 5 D820 Nexus 4 E960. Google Tablet Parts Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus 7 1st Google Nexus 7 2nd. Asus ZenFone Zenfone Max Plus ZB570TL Zenfone Selfie ZD551KL Zenfone 6 A600CG Zenfone 5 Lite A502CG Zenfone 5 A500CG Zenfone 4 Max Plus ZC550TL X015D Zenfone 4 Max ZC520KL Zenfone 4 Max ZC554KL ZenFone 4 ZE554KL ZenFone 4 Selfie Pro ZD552KL Z01MDA ZenFone 4 Selfie ZB553KL ZenFone 4 Selfie ZD553KL Zenfone 4 A450CG Zenfone 4 A400CG ZenFone 3 Zoom ZE553KL Z01HDA Zenfone 3 Deluxe ZS570KL Zenfone 3 Deluxe ZS550KL Zenfone 3S max ZC521TL X00GD(Pegasus) ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL Zenfone 3 Max ZC520TL Zenfone 3 Laser ZC551KL Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Zenfone 3 ZE520KL. Other Parts Pegasus 2 Plus X550 Pegasus 4A ZB500TL Live Z00YD G500TG Live ZB501KL PadFone S PF500KL ZenFone Max ZC550KL Zenfone C ZC451CG Zenfone 2 Laser ZE601KL Zenfone 2 Laser ZE600KL Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL Zenfone 2 Laser ZE500KL Zenfone 2 ZE551ML Z00AD Zenfone 2 ZE551KL Zenfone 2 ZE550M Zenfone 2 ZE500ML Zenfone 2 ZE500CL Zenfone GO ZB552KL Zenfone Go ZB551KL Zenfone Go 5 Lite ZB500KG Zenfone Go ZB500KL X00AD Zenfone Go ZC500TG Zenfone Go ZB452KG Zenfone Go ZC451TG. Asus Tab Parts Vivo Tab TF810 Z580 Z580C Z580CA Z380 Z380C Z380K Z300 Z300C Z300CL Z300CG Z170 Z170MG Z170CG TF701T TF700 TF600 TF301 TF300T TF201 TF101 ME560CG ME560 ME375 FE375CG FE7530CXG ME372CG Kooe ME371 ME302 ME302KL ME302C ME181 ME175 ME175CG ME173 ME173X ME172 ME170 ME102 ME102A T100 FE380. PARTS A Moto X4 Moto C Plus Moto C Moto G5S Plus Moto G5S Moto G5 Plus XT1684 XT1687 Moto G5 XT1670 XT1671 Moto G4 Plus Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Moto G3 Parts Moto G2 Parts Moto G Parts. PARTS B Moto M XT1662 Moto Z2 Play Moto Z Play Moto Z Moto X Force XT1581, XT1585 Moto X3 Style XT1572 XT1575 Moto X3 Play XT1562 Moto X (2nd Gen) XT1093,XT1095,XT1096,XT1098 Parts Moto X XT1052 XT1053 XT1058 XT1060 Parts Moto E4 Plus Moto E4 XT1760 Moto E3 XT1700 XT1706 Moto E (2nd Gen.) Moto E Parts Droid Turbo XT1254 (Verizon) Droid Ultra XT1080 Droid MAXX XT1080M Droid Mini XT1030 Driod Razr HD XT926. Microsoft Lumia 950XL 950 650 640 XL 640 LTE 550 540 Dual SIM 535 435. Microsoft Tab Parts surface rt 1 surface rt 2 surface rt 3 Surface Pro 1 Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 3 Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 5. Lenovo Phone Parts Lenovo K6 Note Lenovo K6 Lenovo K5 Plus Lenovo K5 Note Lenovo K5 Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note K50-T5 A7000 Lenovo Phab2 Pro Lenovo Phab2 Plus Lenovo Phab2 Lenovo ZUK Z1 Lenovo Vibe X3 Lemon X3 Lenovo Vibe X2 Lenovo Vibe Z2 Lenovo Vibe S1 Lite Lenovo Vibe S1 Lenovo Vibe P1m Lenovo Vibe P1 Lenovo Vibe Shot Z90 Lenovo VIBE Z2 Pro K920 Lenovo K910 Lenovo K900 Lenovo S939 Lenovo S960 Lenovo S930 Lenovo S920 Lenovo S898T Lenovo S850 Lenovo S820 Lenovo S650 Lenovo S580 Lenovo S90 Lenovo A6010 Lenovo A6000 Lenovo A5000 Lenovo A880 Lenovo A850 Lenovo A800 Lenovo A536 Lenovo A328 Lenovo P780 Lenovo P70. Lenovo Tab Parts TAB3-710F Lenovo A10-70F Lenovo A10-30F S8-50 YT3-850F YT3-X90F YT3-X50F B8080 B8000 B6000 A5000 S6000 A8-50 A5500 A3300 A7-10 A7-30. Alcatel Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 VF995 VF995N Vodafone Smart Prime 6 VF895 One Touch Pixi 4 OT9001 9001X One Touch Pixi 4 8050 Scribe HD 8008D OT8008 Hero 2 OT8030 Hero 8020 Pop 4 6.0" OT7070 7070X Hero 2C OT7055 7055A Flash Plus 7054T OT-7054T Pop S9 OT7050 Go Play 7048X One Flash 2 7049D OT-7049D Pop C9 OT 7047 POP S7 OT7045 Pop 2 Premium 7044 OT7044 POP C7 7040 7041 Idol 2S OT6050 OT-6050 Idol 4 6055 OT6055 Idol 3 6045 OT6045 One Touch OT-6044 6044D Idol X Plus OT6043 Flash OT6042 6042 6042D Idol X 6040D 6040E OT6040 Idol 3 6039 6039A Idol 2 OT6037 Idol 2 Mini S OT6036 Idol S 6034 OT6034 Idol Ultra OT6033 Idol Alpha 6032 OT6032 Idol Dual OT6030 Idol Mini 2 OT6016 Idol Mini OT6012 Pop 4S 5095 Shine Lite 5080 5080X Pop Star 4g OT5070 5070 Pop 4 Plus 5056 5056D Pop 4 5051 5051D Pop 3 5025 5025D Pop Star 3G OT5022 Pixi 3 (4.5) 4027 Archos BlackBerry Parts BlackBerry Motion KeyOne DTEK70 DTEK60 DTEK50 BlackBerry Priv BB Leap Z20 BB Z3 BB Passport Q30 BB Classic Q20 BlackBerry Q10 Parts BlackBerry Q5 Parts BlackBerry Z30 Parts BlackBerry Z10 Parts BB Porsche 9981 9982 BB Bold 9700 Parts BB Curve 9360 Parts BB Bold 9900 Parts BQ Aquaris 5.7 E6 E5 E4.5 M5.5 M5 M4.5 Caterpillar Cat Cat B15 Cat B15Q Cat S30 Cat S40 Cat S50 Cat S50C Cat S60 FLY Lcd&Touch Screen Flex Cable Other Parts Gionee M6 Plus M6 M5 plus GN8001L Gionee Elife S7 GN9006 Gionee Elife S5.5 GN9000 Gionee Elife S5.1 GN9005 Gionee Elife E7 Gionee Elife E6 Gionee Elife E5 Gionee Elife E3 Letv Le3 LePro3 AI X650 X651 X720 X900 X820 X800 X620 X600 X500 Meizu Pro 7 Plus Pro 7 M6 Note M6 Pro 6 MX6 Pro 5 MX5 MX4 Pro MX4 MX3 Meilan E2 Meilan U20 Meilan U10 M5 Note Meilan M5S M5 M3S M3 Note M3 M2 Note M2 Metal OnePlus OnePlus 5T Oneplus 5 A5000 OnePlus X Oneplus 3T A3010 Oneplus 3 OnePlus Two OnePlus One OPPO R9 Plus R9 R7 Plus R7s R7 R7t R5 R3 R7007 Find 7 X9077 Find 7 X9007 Find 5 X909 R Parts Oppo Find Parts Vivo X Play 6 Xplay 5 X7 X7 Plus X6 Plus X6 X5 Pro Wiko Wiko Tommy Wiko Freddy Wiko Barry Wiko Birdy 4G Wiko Bloom Wiko Cink Five Wiko Cink Peax 2 Wiko Cink Slim Wiko Darknight Wiko Darkmoon Wiko Darkside Wiko Fizz Wiko Goa Wiko Getaway Wiko Highway Wiko Highway Signs Wiko Iggy Wiko Jimmy Wiko Lenny Wiko Lenny 2 Wiko Rainbow Wiko Rainbow Up Wiko Rainbow Lite Wiko Ridge 4G Wiko Ridge Fab 4G Wiko Sunset Wiko Sunset 2 Wiko Slide Wiko Stairway Wiko Wax ZTE Blade L5 Plus Blade L5 ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 mini Blade V8 Pro Z978 Blade V8 BV0800 Blade V7 Lite Blade V7 Blade V6 Blade S6 Nubia Z11 NX531 Nubia Z11 Mini NX529J Nubia My Prague NX513J Nubia Z9 Mini NX511 Nubia Z9 Max NX510J NX512J Nubia Z9 NX508J Nubia Z7 Mini 507 Nubia Z7 NX506J Nubia Z7 Max 505 Nubia Z5S 503 Nubia Z5S Mini 403 Nubia Z5 NX501 Nubia V5 V9180 Star 1 S2002 Sharp Aquos S2 5.5". Toshiba Tab Parts Verizon Ellipsis 7. Dell Tab Parts Amzon Tablet Parts Kindle Fire HD 8.9 Kindle fire HD 7 Kindle Fire Kindle DX Kindle 4 Kindle 3 Kindle 2 Kindle 1. Tools A GTOOL Openning Tools Tweezers Screwdrivers Suction Cup SIM Cutter Adapter. Tools B Special Glue Anti-Static Ultrasonic Cleaner Power Supply Multimeter Magnifying Lamp. Tools C Hot Air Gun Auxiliary Tools Soldering Station Soldering Tools Sunction Pump. LCD Test Board&Flex for iPhone for iPad for Huawei for XiaoMi. OCA Adhesive Apple OCA Adhesive Huawei OCA Adhesive Sony OCA Adhesive Samsung OCA Adhesive HTC OCA Adhesive. LCD Polarizer Film Apple LCD Polarizer Film Samsung LCD Polarizer Film Huawei LCD Polarizer Film Sony LCD Polarizer Film LG LCD Polarizer Film Xiaomi LCD Polarizer Film. Front Glass Lens Apple Front Glass Lens Samsung Front Glass Lens Huawei Front Glass Lens Motorola Front Glass Lens LG Front Glass Lens Nokia Front Glass Lens. Apple Batteries iPhone Batteries iPad Batteries iPod Batteries iWatch Batteries Macbook Batteries Sony Batteries. Samsung Batteries Galaxy Phone Batteries Galaxy Tab Batteries More Brands Lenovo batteries Xiaomi Batteries Asus Batteries Other Batteries. Apple Accessories Apple Data Cable Apple Charger Apple Headset Nokia Accessories Oneplus Accessories. Samsung Accessories Samsung Data Cable Samsung Charger Samsung Headset Motorola Accessories. Huawei Accessories Huawei Data Cable Huawei Charger Huawei Headset LG Accessories. Sony Xperia Accessories Sony Data Cable Sony Charger Sony Headset HTC Accessories. I accept the Terms and Coditions. Continue Shopping Checkout. Product was successfully added to your shopping cart.. Continue Shopping Go to Compare. Product was successfully added to your compare list.. Continue Shopping Go to Wishlist. Product was successfully added to your wishlist.. Nokia X Cell Phone Replacement Screens and Repair Parts. Nokia X Replacement Repair Parts Wholesale Supplier Online. We offer a wide selection of Nokia X replacement parts that will work with many different varieties of phones to restore them to like-new condition. Whether you need replacement Nokia X screens, accessories, flex cables, or almost any other part, we have it available here at Eforfun. Within our wide selection of all Nokia replacement parts, we have options available for many of the Nokia Lumia models, Microsoft Lumia models, and many more types of Nokia smartphones .. In most cases, however, you can purchase replacement parts for your Nokia X cell phone device and restore the smartphone to just like new. Whether you have a Nokia X, Nokia XL or Nokia X2 Dual Sim phone, we offer a wide selection of repair parts that will fit your phone or tablet and are much more affordable than replacing the entire damaged device.. Nokia X Digitizer Touch Screen Original - Black - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Rear Housing - Green - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Rear Housing - Orange - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Rear Housing - Yellow - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Rear Housing - White - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Rear Housing - Black - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Side Key Flex Cable Ribbon Original. Nokia XL Earphone Jack Flex Cable Ribbon Original. Nokia X2 Dual SIM LCD Screen and Digitizer Assembly - Full Original - With Nokia Logo. Nokia X2 Dual SIM Front Housing Original. Nokia X2 Dual SIM Side Key Flex Cable Ribbon Original. Nokia Asha 305 Touch Screen Original. Nokia X LCD Screen and Digitizer Assembly with Frame - Full Original - With Nokia Logo. Nokia XL LCD Screen and Digitizer Assembly with Frame Black - Full Original. Nokia X2 Dual SIM LCD Screen and Digitizer Assembly with Frame - Full Original - With Nokia Logo. Nokia XL Housing - Black - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia X Rear Housing Original- Yellow - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia X Rear Housing Original - Red - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia X Rear Housing Original - Black - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia X Rear Housing Original - White - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia X Rear Housing Original - Green - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia X Earphone Jack Flex Cable Ribbon Original. Nokia XL LCD Screen and Digitizer Assembly Black - Full Original. Nokia XL Digitizer Touch Screen - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Housing - Yellow - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Housing - Green - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Housing - Orange - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia XL Housing - White - Original - With Nokia Logo Only. Nokia X2 Dual SIM Touch Screen Original - With Nokia Logo. iphone 6S LCD Adhesive Glue Tape Stick Original. iPhone 6S/6S Plus Home Button Rubber Gasket/Holder Original. Samsung Galaxy S6 Series Camera Lens and Bezel. iPhone 6 Proximity Sensor and Front Camera Flex Cable Original. Apple iPhone 6S Side Keys (4 pcs/set) - Gold. Huawei Ascend G7 Screen Assembly (White) (Premium). EFORFUN - YOUR SOURCE FOR WIRELESS REPAIR PARTS, TOOLS & ACCESSORIES. Eforfun is a global leading one-stop mobile phone parts sourcing and recycling solution provider based in China. china Phone: +86 -755 -82522283 Email: INFO@EFORFUN.com www.EFORFUN.com. Top 4 tips for buying iPhone parts. The Best Place to Source of All HTC Mobile Repair Parts. Trustworthy and Genuine Source for Samsung Galaxy Spare Parts. Quick Fix for the iPhone Repair and Replacement Spare Parts. Best Place to Buy Cell Phone Parts Wholesale. iPhone lcd price (Early December) - ShenChao Glass. Samsung to continue to use heat pipes for its flagships in 2018 despite the high price. Samsung patents in-display finger scanner, but may save it for the Note 9. Some carriers offer free AirPods with iPhone X pre-orders. You can log with two Facebook, WhatsApp, and Viber accounts on the Galaxy Note 8, here's how. Copyright © 2011 by Eforfun.com. All right reserved.All trademarks are properties of their respective holders. Eforfun is a third party replacement parts wholesaler and does not own those trademarks used on this website.. 
