GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm (5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Basemark OS II: 745 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 753 Basemark X: 4018. Contrast ratio: 836 (nominal), 2.281 (sunlight). Voice 66dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 69dB. Also known as Oppo R1C for China. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Oppo R1x - user opinions and reviews. I have this phone for 2 years and I can say that this phone has everything a business techie want. The design is sleek and perfect for business phone conversations. Camera is superb, it has dual protection both front and back and reliable 4G connecti.... I've been using this device for almost 2 years, i think the device is good enough, I just have 3 problem. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Oppo R1S Samsung Galaxy A5 Huawei Honor 7X OnePlus One Oppo F1 Oppo R5. Oppo F5 Oppo A37 Oppo A83 Oppo F1s Oppo A71 Oppo A57. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Oppo R1x. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Oppo R1x smartphone was launched in April 2015. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. The Oppo R1x is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Oppo R1x packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Oppo R1x runs Android 4.4 and is powered by a 2420mAh non removable battery. The Oppo R1x is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Oppo R1C to Launch as Oppo R1x Globally in April. More Oppo mobiles Oppo mobiles price in India. Release date April 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Thickness 6.8 Battery capacity (mAh) 2420 Removable battery No Colours Black, White. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash No Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 4.4 Skin ColorOS 2.0.1. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Oppo R1x. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Oppo R1C to Launch as Oppo R1x Globally in April. Oppo A71 (2018) Oppo A83 Oppo A75s Oppo A75 Oppo A79 Oppo F5 Youth Oppo R11s Plus Oppo F5 Oppo R11s Oppo F3 Lite Oppo A71 Oppo R11 Plus Oppo R11 Oppo A77 Oppo F3 Oppo F3 Plus Oppo A57 Oppo R9s Plus Oppo R9s Oppo F1s Oppo A37 Oppo A59 Oppo F1 Plus Oppo R9 Plus Oppo R9 Oppo A30 Oppo F1 Oppo A53 Oppo A33 Oppo Neo 7. Panasonic Eluga A Oppo R1x vs. Htc Desire 210 Dual Sim Oppo A37 vs. Oppo R1x Oppo R7 Lite vs. Oppo R1x Oppo R1x vs. Asus Zenfone 2 Oppo R1x vs. Oppo R1 Oppo R1x vs. Samsung Galaxy Grand Max Asus Zenfone 3 Ze552kl vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus vs. Oppo R1x Huawei Honor 7i vs. Oppo R1x Oppo R1x vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Oppo R1x in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, Battery and Conclusion. posted by Paul K.. 4 Call quality, Battery and Conclusion. Introduction Back in January of 2015, Oppo unveiled the R1C – an upper mid-range handset released just before the Chinese New Year celebrations. Now that the shopping flurry in its homeland is over, Oppo is preparing to make the smartphone available internationally, launching it under the name Oppo R1x – same hardware, different letter at the end of its name. So, where is the Oppo R1x supposed to stand in the smartphone jungle? Its specs are reminiscent of the super-slim Oppo R5 , save for the slightly smaller, 5” display with a lower resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The R1x has an 8-core, 64-bit Snapdragon 615 humming under its hood, coupled with 2 GB of RAM, and a potent-on-paper camera combo – a 13 MP snapper on the back and a 5 MP one on the front. But unlike the R5, the Oppo R1x does not aim for the “Thinnest smartphone in the world” crown. While still extraordinarily thin, the R1x packs a 3.5 mm headphone jack, a dedicated speaker , a microSD card slot, and a battery of a decent size – all essentials the Oppo R5 lacked. Overall, the R1x sounds like a solid mid-ranger all around, so let's take a closer look and see how it holds! In the box: Oppo R1x Headset Oppo wall charger Data cable Transparent case SIM ejector tool Quick start guide booklets Design Aluminum is the new black A stark but elegant rectangular shape is what immediately greets us as we unpack the Oppo R1x. An aluminum-magnesium alloy frame with chamfered edges wraps around the phone 's sides, giving it a modern look and feel. The volume control buttons can be found on the right side, while the power toggle is on the left, all situated on the metal frame and made of the same material. Unfortunately, the buttons themselves are shallow and wobbly, not offering a satisfying click when operated, but still work. Also, the capacitive buttons on the front lack any sort of backlight, which may look stylishly subtle, but makes them nigh invisible in darker environments, especially on the black unit that we have. The Oppo R1x feels grippy when held, it's light and easily operated with one hand, and carrying it around in a pocket presents no issues or uncomfortable jabs. Its back panel has a glossy, glass-like look to it, and has been specially treated so that it reflects light in a diamond-like pattern. The shapes are far less visible than what the stock photos make them out to be, and are a bit understated, which can be a good thing, as the back is not annoyingly flashy. On the flip side, don't expect to be showing off with the unique effect, as trying to demonstrate the reflections to an observer can be hard under unfavorable conditions. Additionally, fingerprint smudges are very visible on the back of the black unit we have. The handset is also available in white and we'd imagine that smudges will be a bit less visible with that color variant. Display Nothing special on paper, sharp-looking in reality The Oppo R1x rocks a 5” display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels, resulting in a pixel density of 294 PPI. Some may frown at these numbers, seeing as, nowadays, it is believed that a minimum pixel density of more than 326 PPI is required if the display is to show no pixelation. But in the case of the R1x, we found the picture quality to be perfectly acceptable for normal use. Naturally, if one is used to QHD (1440 x 2560 pixels) screens, they will probably perceive a slight loss of detail. Colors on the Oppo R1x's screen look satisfactory and fairly accurate, with only the blues and greens showing a very slight oversaturation at certain moments. Color temperature measures at 6,838K, which is not far off from the optimal 6,500K, leaving the screen looking just a bit cold, but not annoyingly so. The display's gamma is slightly uneven, measuring at different levels across the different points of the grayscale, but generally staying above the reference value of 2.2. As a result, the dark areas in images appear darker, while bright areas look as intended. Brightness goes up to 474 nits, which makes the phone usable outdoors, even on a sunny day. The lowest it can go is 5 nits, which is great for night-time readers, but not optimal, as prolonged sessions may become uncomfortable. All in all, the display on the Oppo R1x looks pretty good, with no major drawbacks.. 5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 inches. 140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm. 5.21 x 2.58 x 0.26 inches. 132.4 x 65.5 x 6.7 mm. 5.42 x 2.74 x 0.41 inches. 137.7 x 69.6 x 10.3 mm. 6.21 x 3.1 x 0.3 inches. 157.7 x 78.74 x 7.74 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. (Posts: 75; Member since: 29 Mar 2013). posted on 22 May 2015, 09:08. may be it's only me, looks more like xperia!!. posted on 22 May 2015, 09:50. Oppo R1X (or C) = Sony Z1/Z3 Compact. posted on 22 May 2015, 10:13. something's wrong with that 24th pick in Ultra HD...damn. (Posts: 663; Member since: 16 Nov 2011). posted on 22 May 2015, 10:15. (Posts: 595; Member since: 03 Jan 2013). posted on 22 May 2015, 13:33. A good mid range phone nonetheless.. posted on 22 May 2015, 15:57. "nowadays, it is believed that a minimum pixel density of more than 326 PPI is required if the display is to show no pixelation". (Posts: 11; Member since: 17 Apr 2015). posted on 23 May 2015, 02:38. (Posts: 306; Member since: 27 Feb 2015). posted on 25 May 2015, 10:29. Anyone knows the price of this phone?. (Posts: 306; Member since: 27 Feb 2015). posted on 25 May 2015, 10:36. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.0 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels (294 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 inches (140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm). Battery 2420 mAh, 8 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 615, Octa-core, 1500 MHz 2 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (57). Click to read the full review. Small dimensions (5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 inches). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). Does not support fast data speeds (UMTS). The Oppo R1x offers a 5-inch, 720 x 1280 resolution display. A 64-bit octa-core 1.5GHz Snapdragon 615 CPU drives the handset, which includes 2GB of RAM and 16GB of native storage. Those requiring more memory can employ the 128GB capacity microSD slot. The 13MP snapper on back uses the Sony IMX214 sensor, with an f/2.0 aperture for great low-light pictures. A 5MP "selfie" snapper adorns the front of the device. The 2420mAh battery keeps the lights on, and Color OS 2.0.1 runs over Android 4.4.. Oppo R1x Review OPPO R1x benchmarks. OS: Android (4.4.4), OPPO ColorOS UI. Dimensions: 5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 inches (140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm). Weight: 4.59 oz (130 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.0 inches. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 8.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 10.4 days (250 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 13 Jan 2015. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 403. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct OPPO R1x specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and controls 3. Gallery, video player, audio output 8. Camera, image quality, video recording 9. Oppo R1x specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (19). Dual-SIM dual-standby capability, microSD slot shared with second SIM slot. 5.0" 720p IPS capacitive touchscreen, 294ppi. Octa-core Cortex-A53 CPU (4x 1.7GHz plus 4x 1.0GHz), 2GB of RAM, Adreno 405 GPU; Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 chipset. 13MP autofocus camera, single-LED flash; HDR, RAW, Panorama, long exposure (up to 15s), 25MP UltraHD modes. 4 LTE (150/50Mbps); Wi-Fi b/g/n; Bluetooth 4.0; GPS/GLONASS; microUSB. 3.5mm headphone jack, active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic. Android KitKat 4.4.4 isn't quite up to date. Always keen to impress with designs, Oppo has yet another eye-catching proposition in the R1x. There's more to it than meets the eye though, and under the neat metal case the Oppo R1x is a capable all-round midranger.. The R1x first appeared in its homeland as the R1C and was later on re-branded for the international markets. International has dubious meaning, as the device remains elusive outside of Asia. Even there it's pretty hard to find in online stores.. Limited availability may be the smartphone's greatest flaw, because the actual package has the looks and specs of a winner. The attractive design has a touch of premium, a recipe for success in the packed midrange where styling often gets sacrificed for better hardware.. A 5-inch display offers just enough screen real estate to cater to the average customer, without becoming a burden on the pocket. Meanwhile, the HD panel should strike a decent compromise between resolution and battery efficiency.. The Snapdragon 615 is among the most popular chipsets in the upper midrange and here it's backed up by 2GB of RAM, so a good all-round performance is to be expected.. The R1x is a dual-SIM device, but the second card is limited to 2G networks and it goes into the microSD slot, leaving you with the 16GB of storage only.. There's a 13MP megapixel primary camera on the back behind an f2.0 lens and the front 5MP unit has an equally wide lens for better selfies with available light.. We're slowly coming to terms with user-replaceable batteries being phased out in favor of slimmer profiles and premium designs, which are incompatible with a removable back cover. However, the lack of Gorilla Glass is harder to accept in a device with more upmarket aspirations. Android KitKat doesn't look particularly exciting on a spec sheet these days.. Will you hold it against the Oppo R1x or can it make up for these shortcomings? The following pages will hopefully help you decide, starting with the usual unboxing and hardware overview.. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and controls. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and controls 3. Gallery, video player, audio output 8. Camera, image quality, video recording 9. Oppo R1x specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (19). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Top 10 trending phones of week 7. Oppo A71 (2018) arrives in India with 3 GB RAM. Top 10 trending phones of week 6. Top 10 trending phones of week 5. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Other Brands Oppo R1x - Phone Wallets, Wristlets & Clutches. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Blue. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Brown. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Fitness Armband, Black. Protects your from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 5.38(H) x 2.75(W) x 0.31(D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Black. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Oversized Premium Vertical Finished Leather Case, Black. Oversized Hand-Crafted Vertical Leather Carrying Case. Designed for the Device equipped with a heavy-duty or snap-on protective cover. Size: 5.19(H) x 2.99(W) x 0.86(D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Navy. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Genuine Leather Stitched Pieces Crossbody, Black. Removable & Adjustable crossbody strap for comfort and convenience. Dimensions: 4.1 (H) x 7.6 (W) x 0.8 (D) in. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Blue. Other Brands Oppo R1x -LUXMO Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Smart Phone Case with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 3.15 (H) x 6.1 (W) x 0.52 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Rose Red. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Purple. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Vegan Leather Laser-Cut Leaf Clutch wallet, Brown. Closure features metal golden leaf detail. Multiple interior card slots and compartments. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Gray. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Light Blue. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Light Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Brown. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Red. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Armband Case, Purple. Protects your {brand-model} from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 4.6 (H) x 2.4 (W) x 0.5 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Holiday Special Striped Horizontal LeatherCase with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 2.3 (H) x 4.7 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Black. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Other Brands Oppo R1x -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Genuine Leather Shoulder / Crossbody Handbag, Brown. Small but spacious purse for going out. Firm magnetic snap flap closure keeps contents safe. Three interior pockets hold your phone and other accessories. Zippered pocket accommodates change and other small items. Crossbody strap can adjust to your convenience for various ways to wear. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Brown. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Brown. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Purple. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Forest Green. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet, Purple. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Other Brands Oppo R1x - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Cellet 9FT. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Super fast recharge for your Device. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Other Brands Oppo R1x -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Other Brands Oppo R1x -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Other Brands Oppo R1x -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Fully charges your Device in just a few short hours. Plugs into any vehicle cigarette lighter socket or 12 volt power port. Enjoy full functionality of your Device while it charges. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. Other Brands Oppo R1x -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Other Brands Oppo R1x -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). Other Brands Oppo R1x -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Other Brands Oppo R1x -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. Other Brands Oppo R1x -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Other Brands Oppo R1x -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Blue. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x -AA Battery Powered Emergency 0.5 Amp USB Charger, Black. Emergency Cell Phone Charger w/Built-in LED Flashlight. Easy to operate - requires one AA battery (not included). Convenient push button activates bright LED flashlight. Includes 3 charging adapters (LG, Mini USB and Device). Other Brands Oppo R1x -OEM 1.8 Amp Micro USB Charger (MCS-04WD). Compatible w/devices featuring a Micro USB charging port. Other Brands Oppo R1x -OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Original Device Micro USB Travel/Wall Charger. Pugs into any standard wall outlet. Compact, durable design ideal for travel. Detachable USB to Micro USB cable. Sync and transfer files between your computer and smartphone. 
Home Products Smartphones Accessories Global ColorOS About OPPO Press Careers Global Concept Stores Support FAQ Contact Us Customer Service Center Warranty Terms Global Global. Home /. The upcoming R1x carries over the aesthetic design of the R1 series, with a uniquely aesthetic faceted back cover that is available in (white) and (black). Behind the faceted design are individual sections that were crafted using a sophisticated UV embossing technique, to create high-gloss and low-gloss areas capable of reflecting different rays of light, delivering a visually stunning effect rarely seen in smartphones.. With clever structural stacking and a thinner and lighter high definition screen, the R1x has been slimmed down to 6.8mm and weighs only 130g. The R1x also comes with an advanced processor and a large, 2420mAh battery.. The R1x's aluminum-magnesium alloy frame, which is similar to the OPPO R5, was constructed using CNC machines to ensure a robust, high-strength that lasts. The alloy frame weighs in at only 130 grams and reinforces the body of the R1x which has an overall thickness - or rather thinness - of only 6.8mm, making single-handed use easy for all.. New Generation Of PI (Pure Image). Remembering with every touch, each picture a pause. The R1x's Pure Image 2.0+ digitally encapsulates your cherished glimpse in time. The PI engine is not just a package of simplistic functions; it intricately utilizes a visual characteristics library. When taking photos with smartphones, it helps to imagine OPPO's PI Engine, as the brain within the camera. It adjusts the white balance, brightness, auto-focus, face recognition along with other variables to produce the best shot on the go.. First Take A Photo And Then Focus. The R1x's After Focus function allows for a photo to be taken and then for adjustments to be made to the focus point by applying the full-depth-of-field focus technology. It is possible to focus freely and to change depth of field in the final picture. Depending on the alteration to the focus point, far or near, high or low, the resulting image will differ.. Take two separate photos and overlap them into one final image, resulting in a unique and fun photographic effect.. Qualcomm Snapdragon Processor, 64-bit Octa-Core Everything Is Fast, Except Power Consumption. The R1x utilizes the 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa-core processor, which boasts high performance and low power consumption, providing you with a fast, smooth and exceptional experience.. From the world leading screen supplier JDI, the R1x is equipped with a 5.0-inch Pixel Eyes high definition screen, which is 30% thinner and transmits 15% more light than an ordinary screen. As a result, the screen is slimmer, sleeker and clearer.. Micro SIM + Nano SIM card or Micro SIM+TF Card. With built-in dual card slots for Micro SIM cards and Nano SIM cards, the mobile phone can maintain the dual SIM dual standby status any time, allowing you to maintain a work-life balance.. Smart Companion With Attention To Detail. The undisputed choice of 20 million users around the world, with the recently added touch-free screen lock, and easy screenshots, ColorOS 2.0.1 gives you an easier and faster operating experience. Other interesting highlights include the mood jukebox and O-Video, bringing you little surprises.Great fun is right in your hands, giving you the feeling of being well taken care of.. Multi-touch, Capacitive Screen Support for Gloved and Wet Touch Input. Dual-SIM: Micro-SIM Card and Nano-SIM Card. Distance sensor Light sensor G-sensor E-compass. OPPO R1x Micro USB cable Charger Earphones Case SIM ejector tool Documentation. Products F5 F5 Youth F3 F3 Plus See All Smartphones Technology VOOC Pure Image Support Contact Us FAQ About OPPO Careers Press. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Full review & ratings: http://goo.gl/LtYqTi The mid-range segement has really been heating up recently thanks to devices like the Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 and the Asus ZenFone. How does the Oppo R1X compare? We find out in this full review. Talk about Android in our forums: http://www.androidauthority.com/commu... Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ---------------------------------------------------- Stay connected to Android Authority: - http://www.androidauthority.com - http://google.com/+androidauthority - http://facebook.com/androidauthority/ - http://twitter.com/androidauth/ - http://instagram.com/androidauthority/ Follow the Team: Josh Vergara: https://plus.google.com/+JoshuaVergara Joe Hindy: https://plus.google.com/+JosephHindy Lanh Nguyen: https://plus.google.com/+LanhNguyenFilms Jayce Broda: https://plus.google.com/+JayceBroda Kevin Nether: https://plus.google.com/+KevinNether Gary Sims: https://plus.google.com/+GarySims Ash Tailor: https://plus.google.com/+AshTailor. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Oppo R1x Unboxing and First Look. Oppo R1 Full Review, Unboxing, Camera, Features, Price Benchmakrs, Gaming and Overview HD. Oppo Mirror 5 Unboxing & Hands-on. Oppo F1 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S6 - Speed Test! (4K). Oppo Find 7: Unboxing & Review. Oppo R5 Vs Sony Xperia Z3 Full Comparison. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
OPPO R1x Price in the Philippines and Specification. Supported with Qualcomm MSM8939 Octa-core, ColorOS 2.0.1i, Android 4.4, and 2420 mAh Li-Po Battery. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... Please wait for price information to be registered.. Oppo R1x Unboxing and First Look. Micro SIM, Nano SIM, Dual Standby. Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53. expandable up to 128GB microSD card. Stand-by Up to 250 h; Talk time Up to 8 h. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm (5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 in). User Review : 4 Reviews. Hello Friday!! Its party time friends let go out and hang out all together. So we should communicate through ... Review by Mayor is my nym:). It is quad-core, the Internal Storage 16 GB RAM: 2 GB and External Storage expandable ... thinner look even if with case. Sexy and thinner look....that is one of the features im inlove with this OPPO R1x mobile phone. Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Does the processing speed of this smartphone is fast or what? And how about the internal storage will be full pwede ba ito i upgrade or ang system ba ay ma upgrade if mag hang na?. Last updated : Sep 17, 2015. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. 6 inches, 2160 x 1080 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 3... 5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 4... 5.2 inches, 720 x 1280 (HD). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3GB. 5.5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... Most viewed ranking for OPPO Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Phil Vierno May 18, 2015. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. - Fluid software experience with no hitches. - Vibrant display despite only 720p. - Lower end specs for the price when compared to the competition. - Average camera with poor low light performance. While the Oppo R1x lacks a standout feature to differentiate itself from the competition, what it does offer is a device that simply looks, feels, and is built like a flagship.. Processor 1.7 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615. Camera 13 MP rear camera with LED flash. Storage 16 GB, expandable up to 128 GB. Software Color OS 2.0.1 based on Android 4.4.4 Kitkat. Dimensions 140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm. Flagship smartphones continue to impress with their incredible specifications, performance, and features across various aspects of the smartphone experience, but there is always going to be a need for devices that aren’t as demanding on the wallet. The increased focus on the mid-range segment has been a boon for consumers, with a budget-friendly price tag no longer indicative of a significant compromise in quality. As the competition in this space heats up, we’ve seen some great devices from numerous OEMs, including Oppo. What does the company’s latest mid-range offering bring to the table? We find out, in this in-depth review of the Oppo R1x!. What does the company’s latest mid-range offering bring to the table? We find out, in this in-depth review of the Oppo R1x!. Oppo’s penchant for great design and build quality, even when it comes to their more budget-friendly offerings, really shines through with the R1x. Maintaining the design language of its predecessor, the R1x features a thin aluminum chassis, and CNC-machines with the now very popular diamond cutting techniques help deliver the. mirror smooth chamfers which surround the various buttons and ports.. Speaking of buttons and ports, the volume rocker and SIM card slot are found to the right, with the power button on the opposite side, along with the headphone jack and micro USB port placed at the top and bottom respectively. The micro USB is flanked by what might look like a dual speaker setup, but instead houses a single speaker unit on one side, and a microphone on the other, with the grill design present for the sake of symmetry. Below the display is where you will find the capacitive home, back, and recent apps keys.. The R1x also retains the glass sandwich design of its predecessor, akin to the Sony Xperia Z line of smartphones, this time with a sapphire glass backing that should do a great job at keeping things scratch free, along with a reflection pattern that shines no matter what angle the phone is held. Even with a thickness of just 6.8 mm, Oppo has managed to avoid a camera bump that can be found with even some flagships out there, allowing for a sleek and uniform look throughout.. The Oppo R1x features a 5-inch IPS LCD display with a 720p resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 294 ppi. We’ve certainly seen devices in this segment with higher resolutions, but that doesn’t mean that there isn’t a valuable visual experience to be had in this case. Helped along by the bright and colorful user interface, everything is still clear and detailed enough, with IPS technology bringing with it the great viewing angles and good brightness it is known for.. Under the hood, the Oppo R1x packs a 64-bit octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor, clocked at 1.7 GHz, backed by the Adreno 405 GPU and 2 GB of RAM. This is the processing package powering quite a few mid-range offerings out there, and continues to prove its capabilities. Moving around the various elements of the user interface, as well as the animations, are all smooth and snappy, with there being no hint of any lag or hiccup. Going in and out of applications and multi-tasking are a breeze, and gaming is also handled very well, save for the most graphic-intensive of situations. The experience may not be as fast as what is possible with the current crop of flagships, but there isn’t much to complain about when it comes to the performance of the R1x.. The R1x comes with 16 GB of onboard storage, with expandable storage up to 128 GB available via microSD. While the device does features dual-SIM support, it has to be mentioned that the R1x comes with a tray setup with two slots, leaving it up to the user to choose between dual-SIM capabilities or microSD expansion with a single SIM in place. The standard suite of sensors and connectivity options are available, along with support for 4G LTE, even though it might be compatible with LTE networks in the US. Call quality is decent, and the single speaker unit at the bottom certainly gets loud enough, even if the sound quality isn’t particularly rich.. On the battery front, the Oppo R1x packs a non-removable 2,420 mAh unit, which comfortably allows for a full day of use with moderate to heavy usage. During a day with usage that involved using Google Maps periodically, texting, sending emails, web browsing, and watching videos on Youtube, the device managed just under 3 hours of screen-on time, with the battery just about making it through the full day. Serviceable is the operative word here, and while it may not be the best performer, the battery life isn’t close to the worst either.. The R1x does not come with Oppo’s incredibly fast VOOC fast-charging capabilities though, which is quite a disappointment, being one of the best features of any Oppo device, but unfortunately, it looks like Oppo is saving this feature for its more higher-end offerings.. On a mid-tier smartphone like this, you might feel you’d be completely cheated out of any reasonable. camera experience, and while you’re definitely missing out on 4K video capabilities with only 1080p max,. you’re still getting a solid 13 MP shooter with at least passable outdoor capabilities.. It produces subdued colors, but the images aren’t lacking in detail. Understandably, indoor photography suffers more, even with its f/2.0 aperture. The camera works hard to bring brightness to the image with an ISO increase, but then makes for a grainy unattractive image.. All of the automatic settings are controlled by what Oppo calls Pure Image 2.0+, that changes the settings to create the optimal image. Manual controls are available too, so those with the technical know how are given the opportunity to tweak the settings for a better image, with access to white balance, ISO, exposure, and manual focus. The camera app is packed with features though, with even more choices available for the user to install later such as GIF creator, RAW image capture, and After Focus, to name a few. For what amounts to being an average camera, you do get almost every software feature you could possibly think of.. The device also packs a 5 MP front-facing unit, which certainly packs enough pixels, but also allows for only average shots when outdoors, with a noticeable drop in quality when indoors, with images coming out noisier than expected, with a post-processing on the software side that ends up crushing detail in the image to compensate. Of course, the seemingly standard Beauty Mode is also available, to add a little extra to your selfies.. When it comes to the software, the Oppo R1x runs Color OS 2.0.1 based on Android 4.4.4 Kitkat. As mentioned, the software experience is very smooth, with snappy animations without any hint of lag. As is the case with the software seen with a lot of devices from Chinese OEMs, there is no app drawer available, which could take some getting used to, and leaves you dependent on folders to stay organized, and of course, you do always have the option to utilize a third-party launcher from the Google Play Store to return to a more traditional experience.. But Color OS itself has its own toolbelt of features that does make it a compelling UI option, including a robust theme store to customize the look to better suit your tastes. Other features include the Exclusive Space and Live Weather widgets, with the latter allowing for weather themed animations for your wallpaper, and the former introducing Oppo’s take on widgets for your camera and music player. It may not be a standout feature, but are certainly a fun, fresh take on the widget side of things.. The Color OS on the Oppo R1x works pretty well, but the device does come with the ability to get back to a more stock iteration quite easily. In the Settings menu, that is well laid out into three categories, General, Sound, and Display, you have the option to switch to the Google Now launcher, and set Google Hangouts to be the default messaging up, resulting in a more standard Android experience. That said, Color OS isn’t an uncomfortable experience by any means, and the ability to play around with the look and feel via themes is something that users may prefer.. The Oppo R1x is priced at the equivalent of approximately $450 in various markets around the world, with availability in the US, and compatibility with US LTE networks, not confirmed for now.. So there you have it – a closer look at the Oppo R1x! The device arrives at a time when the competition in the mid-range space is as intense as ever, and while it does to prove to be quite capable, with a beautiful, albeit low-resolution display, and more than decent performance, what the R1x lacks is a standout feature to differentiate itself from the competition. With that said, what it does offer is a device that simply looks, feels, and is built like a flagship, but at a much lower price point.. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Diperkenalkan di China dengan nama R1C, kini ia tiba di Malaysia dengan nama globalnya, Oppo R1x. Ia menampilkan rekaan yang nipis, berbingkai besi serta ringan. Paling utama, ia menonjolkan rekaan belakang dengan kemasan seakan kilauan permata, Oppo R1x dikuasakan CPU Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 64-bit, 8-teras berkelajuan 1.5GHz, dengan 2GB RAM dan 16GB storan dalaman. Ia menyokong 4G-LTE, tetapi dengan susunan mikro sim + nano sim, ataupun mikro sim + mikro-SD. Ini kerana slot sim nano dan mikro-SD berkongsi tempat yang sama. Mula dijual di Malaysia pada Mei 2015 dengan harga RM1398 termasuk GST. Sertai kami di laman media sosial melalui pautan di bawah ini: FACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/TheSkopDotCom TWITTER: https://twitter.com/theskop INSTAGRAM: http://instagram.com/theskop YOUTUBE: https://www.youtube.com/user/theskopm.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Oppo Neo 5s New Smartphone First Look Review ᴴᴰ. Oppo R1C New Smartphone First Look 2015. Oppo Mirror 5 Unboxing & Hands-on. Oppo R5 Unboxing and Mini Review!. Oppo R7 Plus vs Xiaomi Mi Note. oppo r1x vs samsung s6 beautiful appearance. Oppo A37 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 SpeedTest Comparison. Oppo R5 vs iPhone 6 - Thin is just part of the story. oppo r1x vs vivo xshot unboxing. OPPO Find 7 - Stock Android (AOSP) Lollipop tutorial. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Battery tests , Featured , Mobile phones. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 LTE. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Dual SIM. Samsung P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus. Samsung I9105 Galaxy S II Plus. Samsung Galaxy S Blaze 4G T769. Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III mini. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 LTE. Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III mini. Samsung I9105 Galaxy S II Plus. Samsung P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus. Samsung Galaxy S Blaze 4G T769. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 LTE. Samsung I9105 Galaxy S II Plus. Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Dual SIM. Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III mini. Samsung Galaxy S Blaze 4G T769. Samsung P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus. The Oppo R1x stunner of a smartphone was at our headquarters for a detailed review recently. We praised the 5-incher for its design and although it failed to impress with raw performance, it posted respectable scores in the battery department.. It’s exactly battery life we’re going to focus on now, with the complete rundown now following.. The Oppo R1x comes with a 2,420mAh battery capacity, which is a decent number in the midrange for devices with a 5-inch 720p screen. Main rival Sony Xperia M4 Aqua packs marginally less juice at 2,400mAh, and the cell inside the Samsung Galaxy A5 is rated at 2,300mAh.. Talk times were the least impressive area in the R1x’ battery performance, and the smartphone only managed about 12 and a half hours when connected to a 3G network. The Xperia M4 Aqua did better at nearly 16 hours, while the Galaxy A5 was miles ahead at 18 hours.. Its in our web browsing routine, where the R1x scored more points. A result upwards of 9 hours means you can surf an entire work shift and still have some leftover battery for a call or two on the way back. In all fairness though, both the Xperia M4 Aqua and Galaxy A5 last upwards of 11 and half hours in this test.. The video playback result was just a smidge over the 9-hour mark, and the similar longevity to the web browsing test indicates that it’s the display that has the main say on the matter, not the processing or software optimization. It also means that you can safely rely on the R1x to entertain you on your daily commute, or even much longer trips. The Xperia M4 Aqua and the Galaxy A5 have nothing on the R1x this time, both their scores are in the same 9-hour ballpark.. The R1x didn’t do too well in terms of standby times, which hurt its overall result. Still, the 56-hour endurance rating is a good achievement, and if you use the phone for surfing the web or watching videos, you won’t be affected so badly by the high standby power drawe.. Our battery testing procedure is described in detail in case you want to learn more about it. If you are interested how these results compare to other tested devices, check out our battery life test result table .. Please no foul language, be polite and use common sense. No expressions of hatred based on race/ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, disability religion and political views. No SPAM, no commercial advertising, no referal programs of any kind. No bashing - deliberately and repeatedly bashing the same brand. No trolling - deliberately antagonizing other brand/model users. Your question is probably already answered. Posting your contact info such as phone number or email is not a good idea. We won't be responsible for any unwanted consequences.. If you don't follow the above rules, your comment will be deleted.. Featured Hot or Not: Android M, iOS 9 and Watch OS 2.0 HTC One E9+ performance benchmarks HTC One M9+ preview Your verdict on Android M, iOS 9 and Watch OS 2.0 Oppo R1x battery life test. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. by Linus Jan 23, 2015 6:48 am 0. Display 5.0 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels. (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio) Processor Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615, 64-bit RAM 2GB Camera Back: 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels, front:. 5 MP Connectivity Bluetooth, 3G, GPS, WIFI, GSM,EDGE, GPRS, UMTS, HSPA, HSPA+, FDD LTE Battery 2420 mAh Dimensions 140.6 x 70.1 x 6.9 mm (5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 in) /. 130 g OS Android 4.4, Storage 16GB (can be expanded up to 128GB via Micro SD). Oppo has been one of those Chinese companies, which, in our opinion, innovate. They presented the world a smartphone with a rotating camera (N1), then upgraded it and released the N3 model, where the rotation was even motorised. What is more, the company surprised the smartphone world by introducing a crazy thin R5 device, which was the thinnest smartphone on the planet for some time. We think that company strives for both innovation and great looking industrial design in its devices.. This time around, the company has a device, which we would say represents its design portfolio. It is an Oppo R1X, which has a great looking appearance and it includes a sandwich construction: glass on the front and the back, and metal on the sides.. As we can see that Oppo R1X shapes up to be the upper mid range device as far as specs go. We have to remember though that the device’s main aspects are in the design, which include saphire crystal back panel, the thickness of. All in all, it is not a true flagship device by Oppo, but we still like what we are seeing here.. As you can see from the above picture, the device comes in colours. One is somewhat violet with and interesting, but good looking diamond shaped glass, which is actually either a Gorilla Glass 3 or sapphire glass on different models (the sapphire version will naturally cost more). What is more, there is a white version.. Both versions have a design, which is a bit similar to the Sony’ Xperia Omni Balance design language. Do not get us wrong by thinking that it is an Xperia clone, but certainly there are some inspirations from Sony. On the back top left corner we can see a 13mp camera along with the single LED flash. Underneath it there is an Oppo logo and some certification marks on the bottom.. If we flip the phone to the front we can see three capacitive buttons on the bottom. However, they are not backlit, so you better remember their placement to be able to operate in the dark. On the other hand, during the day time they have a great reflective layer, so you would not have any issues seeing them.. On the right hand side we can see a SIM/Micro SD card tray, which needs to be opened with a pin or needle. Also, there are two volume up/down rockers.. If we take the SIM/Micro SD tray out, we can see that one part of the tray can take Micro SIM cards and they would work both on all networks, including GSM, 3G and 4G. Another part doubles as a Nano SIM/Micro SD card slot. However, this slot only supports GSM networks, so may be better want to use the Micro SD (up to 128 gigs). On the other hand, it may be very useful while travelling.. At the bottom of the device there are nicely machine drilled dual stereo speakers along with the Micro USB charging port. Also, there are two plastic infusions on both sides, which work for better reception of radios.. The good thing about the camera on the back is that it is not protruding like some other devices. Oh, we forgot to tell you that if you tilt the device in the sunlight you will get that diamond blinking effect! That is a matter of personal taste, of course. What is more, if you cannot decide, which colour would suit you better, we recommend taking a white version since the blue/violet one is a true finger print magnet. Indeed, both colour options attract fingerprints and smudges, but at least the white one can mask them easier.. Overall, the screen size of 5 inches and the body thickness of 6.85mm did not cause us any issues operating the device in one hand. Also, we think that the handset looks beautiful and stands out of the crowd of plain looking devices.. As we have already mentioned, the device has a 5 inches screen, has 720p resolution and pixel density of 294PPI. Also, the device uses the JDI’s “Pixel Eyes” technology, which lets produce a bit thinner screen and increase the overall clarity of the display.. In all the pics, the Oppo R1X is on the left.. We did a screen comparison with the Oppo R5, which has a resolution of 1080p. We found the screen of the device a great to look at despite its lower resolution. Actually, we found the colours a bit more pleasing to the eye than the R5. Finally, the brightness and sharpness levels were adequate and we didn’t find any flaws even after comparison to the 1080p panel on the R5.. User interface has become one the elements that helps manufacturers distinguish themselves in the variety of similar hardware offerings. Oppo knows that and they offer a proprietary Color OS on top of Android 4.4 Kitkat.. As you can see, the company left the flat and simplistic looks of it OS. Still, the icons have quite an animated look, but we are okay with that.. The pulldown notification menu is plain and simple. You have some toggles, which can be moved around as you wish. Also, you can set the screen brightness. Overall, it is plain and simple as any other Android skin.. We can also add that all the functions needed, for example flashlight, are included in notification menu’s toggles. Thus, you would not need to download any third party apps or widgets.. We ran through some benchmarks to see how the device performs with its 64-bit Snapdragon chip, which has an architecture of. Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53.. As you can see, the device does not show a true flagship performance on raw benchmark tests, but still performs pretty great. Still, we have to take into consideration the fact that it still runs Android 4.4 Kitkat, which does not support 64-bit architecture. Thus, we have to wait till Oppo upgrades their OS to see the improved benchmark performance.. Besides benchmarks, we did not have any issues with the daily use, which included scrolling through menu, playing games, surfing the web, watching videos and youtube and taking pictures or recording videos.. As smartphones cameras are becoming our daily shooters, Oppo knows this fact. Thus, it equipped the device with a 13mp shooter, which has Sony IMX214 sensor with the aperture of 2.0.. The camera interface is the usual Oppo style. It looks like a simple solution, it is full of features, which include. the ultimate beauty, professional mode, HD photo mode etc. Also, you can download additional modes as you wish.. One of the modes, which got us interested is Oppo’s signature HD mode, which lets you take the pictures of amazing 64mp pictures. Oppo is using some software tricks to stitch a few images to reach that high resolution.. A regular night shot using normal mode.. We think that HD mode produced a better picture with a bit less noise and better colour reproduction this time.. Also, we took a few daylight, indoors, night time shots using a normal mode, which is usually used by most of people. Overall, we think that the picture quality is pretty good. Daylight shots have plenty of detail, exposure and white balance is okay. What is more, indoors shots are pretty good too. They have a bit more noise, but still, it is acceptable. Finally, the night shots, one of the most difficult scenes for smartphone cameras, turned out to be pretty good as well. The aperture of 2.0 helps to focus a bit faster than other devices. Also, the noise control seems to be pretty great. All in all, we say that this device has a a versatile, good camera, which has good picture quality.. We did not run any particular tests to measure the battery life, but what we can say is that the device should last you a full day for an average user. It is not not the battery around, but still, pretty reasonable considering the devices thinness.. In conclusion, Oppo R1X shapes to be a pretty good upper-midranger. It does not have flagship specs, but has a future-proof 64-bit architecture of the chip along with the 2 GB of Ram. We thought that combination to be able to handle the variety of tasks, which include gaming, watching videos, using camera and doing other tasks. What is more, we love the fact that Oppo has kept the Micro SD slot for the storage expansion. Also, the thing that the device is capable of reading two SIM cards is very useful if you are travelling. In addition to this, we found the Oppo R1X to be a pretty capable camera performer in different scenarios, including night photography. Finally, the battery life may not be the best, but still it is pretty good for quite thin device.. Tags: Oppo OPPO R1C OPPO R1X OPPO R1X Review slim device. Linus is the lead reviewer at Gizmochina.com. He has been reviewing smartphones and all sorts of gadgets for more than 3 years.. Facebook: www.facebook.com/TechlineHD Twitter: @TechlineHD Google+: +TechLineHD Instagram: techlinehd. The Landvo L600S brings Android 5.0 in a premium metal body at just $150. Xiaomi May Reportedly Make a Switch to iPhone Users Easy. OPPO R15 Leaked Image, Renders Surface Amidst Rumors of Cancelling OPPO R13 Moniker. OPPO R13, R13 Plus Could be the First Snapdragon 670 Smartphones. Oppo A71 (2018) With 3GB RAM Launched In India For Rs. Phone Finder Newsletter Latest Popular. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get Heavy Discounts On Various Home Appliances On Banggood Sony Shaves Off Some Bezels On The Xperia XZ2 & Xperia XZ2 Compact Samsung’s Foldable Phone Likely to Arrive as New Series. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S Is Launching On March 27: First AnTuTu Score Confirms SD845’s Powerful Performance List of Snapdragon 845 2018 Models & Their Launch Dates Just Leaked on Weibo Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Hitting China With Different Camera Configuration. Gizmochina is a technical blog about products in China and subculture which includes smartphones, electronical gadgets, and everything else that comes under the genre.. About US Join the Team Privacy Policy Contact us. Leave this field empty if you're human:. News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Other Brands Oppo R1x SoundFusion 3.5mm Stereo Headset, White. Other Brands Oppo R1x 2-in-1 Touchscreen Stylus & Ballpoint Pen w/Clip. Other Brands Oppo R1x Mobovida Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner. Other Brands Oppo R1x Waterproof Bag. Other Brands Oppo R1x Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet. Other Brands Oppo R1x Genuine Leather Embossed Flower Design Clutch. Other Brands Oppo R1x Original Samsung 2Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, White. Other Brands Oppo R1x Snake Print Design Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Other Brands Oppo R1x Metal Heavy Duty Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x Micro USB Cable, White. Other Brands Oppo R1x Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet. Other Brands Oppo R1x Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x C300 In-Ear Sports Wireless Bluetooth Headphones with mic and volume controls. Other Brands Oppo R1x Luxmo Charging Bundle - Includes Car & Home Charger Adapters, Lightning Cable & Headphones. Other Brands Oppo R1x 21-Pin 2 Amp Car Charger, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Other Brands Oppo R1x Cellet Universal 3.5mm Boom Mic Headset. Other Brands Oppo R1x Windshield Car Holder, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet. Other Brands Oppo R1x Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter. Other Brands Oppo R1x Xtreme Bass High Def Tangle-Free 3.5mm Stereo Headset w/Microphone, Black/Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Smooth Vegan Leather Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Other Brands Oppo R1x Two Toned Designer style Clutch wallet. Other Brands Oppo R1x OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x USB Home Charger, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Fitness Armband. Other Brands Oppo R1x Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter. Other Brands Oppo R1x Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x MHL 6' 6" Micro USB to HDMI Adapter & USB 2.0 Cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable. Other Brands Oppo R1x Soft-touch Suede Double Zipper Clutch. Other Brands Oppo R1x Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Soft Leather Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Other Brands Oppo R1x 4,500 mAh Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight. Other Brands Oppo R1x Full Screen View Wristlet with Complete Touch Control. Other Brands Oppo R1x OEM Apple EarPods w/Remote & Mic. Other Brands Oppo R1x Window Car Holder, Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x 3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter. Other Brands Oppo R1x Xtreme Bass High Def Tangle-Free 3.5mm Stereo Headset w/Microphone, Red/Black. Other Brands Oppo R1x Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Alligator Clutch Wallet with Tassel. Other Brands Oppo R1x Premium Leather Vertical Pouch with card slots and rotating belt clip, Black. 
Beranda Produk Perangkat Aksesoris Global ColorOS Tentang OPPO News Karir Global Store Dukungan Pertanyaan Umum Service Center Hubungi Kami Downloads Global Global. Beranda /. R1x mendatang membawa desain estetika seri R1, dengan casing belakang efek faset yang unik yang tersedia dalam warna (putih) dan (hitam). Di balik desain faset adalah bagian individu yang dibuat menggunakan teknik pahatan UV yang canggih, untuk menciptakan area yang sangat berkilau dan agak berkilau, yang mampu memantulkan sinar cahaya yang berbeda, memberikan efek visual menakjubkan yang jarang dilihat pada smartphone.. Dengan penumpukan struktur yang pintar dan layar definisi tinggi lebih tipis dan ringan, R1x lebih tipis hingga 6,8mm dan beratnya hanya 130g. R1x juga dilengkapi dengan prosesor canggih dan baterai 2420mAh yang besar.. Bingkai R1x yang merupakan paduan aluminium-magnesiumi, yang mirip denga nOPPO R5, dibuat menggunakan mesin CNC untuk memastikan kekuatan yang tahan lama. Paduan bignkai beratnya hanya 130 gram dan memperkuat bodi R1x yang memiliki ketebalan keseluruhan - atau lebih tepatnya ketipisan - hanya 6,8mm, menjadikannya mudah digunakan untuk semua.. Pure Image 2.0+ R1x menangkap momen bahagia Anda tepat waktu. Mesin PI bukan hanya paket fungsi sederhana; PI secara rumit memanfaatkan karakteristik perpustakaan visual. Saat memotret dengan smartphone, bayangkan Mesin PI OPPO, sebagai otak di dalam kamera. Mesin PI menyesuaikan keseimbangan putih, kecerahan, auto-fokus, pengenalan wajah dengan variabel lain untuk menghasilkan gambar terbaik di mana saja.. Fungsi After Focus R1x digunakan untuk memotret, lalu untuk penyesuaian harus dibuat ke titik fokus dengan menerapkan teknologi fokus ketajaman bidang penuh. Fungsi ini memungkinkan untuk fokus secara bebas dan mengubah kedalaman bidang pada gambar akhir. Tergantung pada perubahan ke titik fokus, jauh atau dekat, tinggi atau rendah, gambar yang dihasilkan akan berbeda.. Ambil dua foto terpisah, lalu tindih menjadi satu gambar akhir, menghasilkan efek fotografi yang unik dan menyenangkan.. Qualcomm Snapdragon Processor, Octa-Core 64-bit Semuanya Cepat, Kecuali Konsumsi Daya. R1x menggunakan prosesor Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa-core 64-bit, yang menawarkan performa tinggi dan konsumsi daya yang rendah, memberikan Anda pengalaman yang cepat, halus dan luar biasa.. Dari pemasok layar terkemuka dunia JDI, R1x dilengkapi dengan layar definisi tinggi Pixel Eye 5,0-inci, yaitu 30% lebih tipis dan 15% lebih ringan daripada layar biasa. Akibatnya, layar lebih tipis, ramping dan jernih.. Micro SIM + kartu Nano SIM atau Micro SIM+Kartu TF. Dengan slot kartu ganda internal untuk kartu Micro SIM dan kartu Nano SIM, ponsel dapat mempertahankan status siaga SIM ganda setiap saat, untuk menjaga keseimbangan pekerjaan dan kehidupan Anda.. Teman Pintar yang Memperhatikan sampai Detail. Pilihan tak terbantahkan dari 20 juta pengguna di seluruh dunia, dengan ditambahkan kunci layar bebas sentuh baru, dan screenshot yang mudah, ColorOS 2.0.1 memberi Anda pengalaman pengoperasian yang lebih mudah dan cepat. Menyoroti hal menarik lainnya termasuk mood jukebox dan O-Video, memberi kejutan untuk Anda.Kesenangan berada tepat di tangan Anda, memberikan Anda perasaan diperhatikan dengan baik.. Multi-touch, Capacitive Screen Support for Gloved and Wet Touch Input. Dual-SIM: Micro-SIM Card and Nano-SIM Card. Distance sensor Light sensor G-sensor E-compass. OPPO R1x Micro USB cable Charger Earphones Case SIM ejector tool Documentation. Produk OPPO A83 OPPO F5 OPPO F3 Lihat Semua Perangkat Teknologi VOOC Pure Image Dukungan Hubungi Kami FAQ Service Center OPPO Care Tentang OPPO Karir Press Events #UpgradeToFullScreen OPPO x AOV Garena F5 Selfie Battle First Sale OPPO F3. *Bebas Biaya Bahasa Indonesia & English. Senin - Minggu, 09:00 - 21:00 WIB (Termasuk Hari Libur Nasional). Hak Cipta © 2013 - 2016 OPPO Indonesia. 
OPPO R1x Reviews. Supported with Qualcomm MSM8939 Octa-core, ColorOS 2.0.1i, Android 4.4, and 2420 mAh Li-Po Battery. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... Please feel free to post your review on this product.. Review by Mayor is my nym:). Hello Friday!! Its party time friends let go out and hang out all together. So we should communicate through facebook and call and text. Before I go to the party I just share with you guys the very important of this smartphone the OPPO R1x the design is very nice and look so new. it has a fast processing speed and I really like it.! And it can easy get the wifi connection so its not hard to update your facebook and everything. Just like me I like attending parties so I always upload photos from time to time so it nice to have this phone. And the volume of this phone is so loud so it is very excellent phone.. It is quad-core, the Internal Storage 16 GB RAM: 2 GB and External Storage expandable up to 128GB microSD card. The Battery life can Stand-by Up to 250 h; Talk time Up to 8 h. The Screen Size 5 inches it is Touch Screen and also the camera pixels Main is 13 MP and the Front 5 MP it flash. OPPO R1x ito ang pina kamaganda sa ngayon kasi magaganda ang design at may mga bago pa itong mga graphics. Lahat-lahat na talaga ay maganda sa android na to.. thinner look even if with case. Sexy and thinner look....that is one of the features im inlove with this OPPO R1x mobile phone. Has a faster processing,,, I can even play games here better than my old device(not to mention it).Has built with Octa core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 system on a chip.has a CPU that runs at 1.5 GHz, no wonder that it is more faster than other average phone. This unit OPPO R1x has higher camera megapixels than other. With 13 megapixel rear (primary) camera.Its 5 megapixel front camera has more higher than other cellphones with just about 2 megapixels for front camera than the usual which mostly had just 2 mp for front camera.Can capture 1080p high definition video with its primary camera.. Ewan ko kung bakit itong OPpo cp ngayon ang nangunguna sa mga shop sa mall na pinupuntahan ko, kaya na inganyo ao nito ng bagong model nila last April ito nilabas ang Oppo R1x ,MAs mura din kumpara sa mga samsung , pero mas maganda ito yun ang alam ko kasi hanggang ngayon tuloy tuloy lang yung gamit ko, at bilib ako kasi hindi ito umiinit kahit pa long charging ang ginagawa ko dito hindi ito nag ooverheat kaya naman sobrang anda ng laro ko dito, easy pa simple , at usable , mapa basic o internet pa , surfing , browsing kayang kya nito... Okay sana ang mga features ng phone na ito. Pero hindi ito nag a-update ng kanilang Android version di tulad ng ibang company tulad ng Huawei, Xiaomi, at iba pang brands. Nagre-release lang sila ng ... Great design phone with sleek specs. I thought super mahal ang phone na ito ng makita ko siya sa online hindi pala ganun ka mahal expected ko sa phone na ito na sa 15 thousand ang ganda kasi ng design attractive itong masyado and also ... OPPO Mobile Phones > F5 Youth. OPPO F5 Youth ito yung phone ng kuya and for me ang ganda niya medyo may ka mahalan nga lang siya para sa akin as i saw the design para itong iphone X na hindi gaanung malapad and bezel less talaga ... View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Find a Store for Local Pricing and Availability. Cell phones today are more than just a way to talk to other people – they’re practically all-in-one electronic devices. You likely use your phone to send text messages, listen to music, and play games on a daily basis, to name just a few. All of these activities have one thing in common: they quickly drain your phone’s battery. Batteries Plus Bulbs can help you keep your phone charged and ready to go with our selection of Oppo R1X chargers.. Related Products for "Oppo R1X Cell Phone Chargers". 1 - 10 of 10 | View. Plugs into any standard wall outlet (110V). 3 foot micro USB connector cord included. 2 USB ports (1 amp & 2.1 amp). Black Micro USB Charger For Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Ideal for charging Android phones and tablets. Connect your PC peripherals such as hard drives, printers, and more. Black Micro USB Cable for Oppo R1X Cell Phone. 3 foot Micro-USB to USB cord. 3 amp DC with two USB ports: one 2.1 amp and one 1 amp output. DC Micro-USB Charger for Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Power up any USB based device. Plug in for instant power or recharge of your device. 2.6Ah Portable Battery Charger Oppo R1X Cell Phone. 4 LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Black Portable Battery Charger Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Four LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Blue Portable Battery Charger Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Black Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Very durable and flexible 5 inch cable. Green USB to Micro-USB 5 Inch Charge Cable for Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Green Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Back up power for any device using a USB power cord. Provides up to 7 hours of runtime. External Battery Pack Charger Oppo R1X Cell Phone. Chemistry: Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride. We stock AC, DC, and USB Chargers for your Oppo R1X cell phone so that you can keep your phone going no matter where you are. Use your DC charger to power your phone through your car during a long commute, then switch to the USB you keep on your desk at work. Stuck in an airport? Keep a spare AC charger to plug into any standard 110-120VAC wall outlet. Thanks to our versatile selection, you never have to fear a dead cell phone battery again.. Chargers are a phone’s best friend, but occasionally you’ll find yourself somewhere where you’re completely unable to charge your phone. Batteries Plus Bulbs has you covered there, too. We’ve got portable battery packs that can provide emergency power to your Oppo R1X phone in a pinch.. We strive to provide the best price available on BatteriesPlus.com and in our stores. Store pricing may vary from the price advertised on BatteriesPlus.com. Fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation.. All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Duracell is a registered trademark of Duracell U.S. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Compare Mobiles Oppo R1x vs Oppo R1C vs Archos 50 Diamond vs Oppo R1. Oppo R1x vs Oppo R1C vs Archos 50 Diamond vs Oppo R1 comparison. ratings Overall NDTV Rating - - - Design Rating - - - Display Rating - - - Software Rating - - - Performance Rating - - - Camera Rating - - - general Alternate names - - - R829 Release date April 2015 - January 2015 April 2014 Form factor Touchscreen Touchscreen Touchscreen Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) - - 146.00 x 70.40 x 8.00 142.70 x 70.40 x 7.10 Weight (g) - - 142.00 141.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2420 2420 2700 2410 Removable battery No No No Yes Colours Black, White Black, White Yellow White, Black display Screen size (inches) 5.00 5.00 5.00 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Yes Yes Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels 720x1280 pixels 1080x1920 pixels 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) - - 440 294 hardware Processor 1.5GHz octa-core 1.5GHz octa-core 1GHz octa-core 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MediaTek MT6582 RAM 2GB 2GB 2GB 1GB Internal storage 16GB 16GB 16GB 16GB Expandable storage Yes Yes Yes No Expandable storage type microSD microSD microSD - Expandable storage up to (GB) 128 128 128 - camera Rear camera 13-megapixel 13-megapixel 16-megapixel 8-megapixel Front camera 5-megapixel 5-megapixel 8-megapixel 5-megapixel software Operating System Android 4.4 Android 4.4 Android 4.4.4 Android 4.2 Skin ColorOS 2.0.1 ColorOS 2.0.1 - ColorOS connectivity Wi-Fi Yes Yes Yes Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n 802.11 b/g/n 802.11 b/g/n - GPS Yes Yes Yes Yes Bluetooth Yes Yes Yes Yes, v 2.10 NFC No No No No Infrared No No No No Headphones 3.5mm 3.5mm 3.5mm 3.5mm FM Yes Yes Yes Yes Number of SIMs 2 2 2 2 sim1 SIM Type - Regular Micro-SIM Regular GSM/CDMA GSM GSM GSM GSM 3G Yes Yes Yes Yes 4G/LTE Yes Yes Yes No sim2 SIM Type - Regular Micro-SIM Regular GSM/CDMA GSM GSM GSM GSM 3G Yes Yes Yes Yes 4G/LTE Yes Yes Yes No sensors Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Yes Yes Yes Proximity sensor Yes Yes Yes Yes Accelerometer Yes Yes Yes Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Yes Yes Yes Gyroscope No No No No Barometer No No No No Temperature sensor No No No No. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs. Compare Asus Zenfone 3 Ze552kl vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus vs. Compare Huawei Honor 7i vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 comparison. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace vs. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime comparison. Huawei Mate 10 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 4g comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 comparison. Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 1, Nokia 8110 4G India Launch Date Revealed. Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019. Vivo APEX Concept Phone Has Half -Screen Fingerprint Scanning Tech, Unveiled at MWC 2018. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services. Sony Xperia Ear Duo Launched at MWC 2018, Takes on Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 HDR Displays Launched at MWC 2018: Specifications, Features. Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launch Date Is March 27. Huawei MateBook X Pro Laptop, MediaPad M5 Tablet, Balong 5G01 Launched at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung mobiles price in India Lyf mobiles price in India Micromax mobiles price in India Sony mobiles price in India Htc mobiles price in India Lenovo mobiles price in India Intex mobiles price in India Lava mobiles price in India Apple mobiles price in India Nokia mobiles price in India Xolo mobiles price in India Lg mobiles price in India Vivo mobiles price in India Oppo mobiles price in India Gionee mobiles price in India Motorola mobiles price in India Blackberry mobiles price in India Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Gadget Tips & Trik Berita. Home > Handphone > Harga Oppo R1X dan Spesifikasi. Harga Oppo R1X dan Spesifikasi Spesifikasi Oppo R1X Jaringan Teknologi MicroÂ. SIM/2G/3G GPRS Yes EDGE Yes 3G Yes 4G Yes Pengumuman Diumumkan AprilÂ. 2015 Status ComingÂ. release May 2015 Â. Bodi Dimensi Â. – Berat Â. – Layar Tipe CapacitiveÂ. Display Ukuran 5.0Â. Inches Resolusi 20Â. Pixels Multitouch Yes 16Â. Color DapurÂ. Pacu CPU Â. Processor GPU AdrenoÂ. 304 CHIP-SET QualcommÂ. 615 OS Â. OS Memori CardÂ. GB Internal 16Â. RAM Kamera KameraÂ. MP Fitur AutoÂ. Video Yes Kamera Depan 5Â. MP Suara AlertÂ. ringtones Loudspeaker Yes,Â. speakers 3.5 mmÂ. jack Yes Konektivitas WLAN Wi-FiÂ. b/g/n Bluetooth v4.0,A2DP GPS Yes,A-GPS,GLONASS NFC Yes USB MicroÂ. 2.0 Fitur Sensor Accelerometer,Â. Sensor Pesan MMSÂ. Email Browser Yes Java Yes Baterai 2420Â. (Li-Ion) Harga Oppo R1X. dan Harga Oppo R1X – Hai kawan Begawei semuanya! Begawei hadir lagi untuk kamu para pecinta teknologi. Kali ini Begawei akan mengulas ponsel pintar terbaru rilisan vendor asal Tiongkok, Oppo. Oppo R1X yang melengkapi line-up smartphone kelas premium racikannya.Â. Kalau kita bicara soal Oppo, maka kita akan bicara tentang salah satu pabrikan smartphone baru namun cukup inovatif. Deretan gadget racikan Oppo memang selalu membawa keunikan dan ciri khasnya masing-masing yang mampu membuat publik jatuh cinta pada ponsel pintar asal Negeri Tirai Bambu tersebut. Oppo R1X, Oppo sudah terlebih dahulu merilis varian smartphone lainnya, antara lainÂ. Oppo R5 dan juga Oppo N1. Kedua produk Oppo terkini itu membawa kecanggihan yang berbeda-beda. Oppo R5 dengan desain super tipis namun memiliki mesin bertenaga, sedangkan Oppo N1 adalah smartphone yang mengusung kamera putar pada lini fotografinya. Oppo R1X, vendor asal Tiongkok tersebut juga melengkapi ponsel pintar terbarunya ini dengan segudang fitur canggih dan pastinya desain luar yang elegan khas Oppo.. Oppo R1X ini memang kental dengan nuansa smartphone kelas premium. Meski dimensi bodinya belum dipublikasikan, secara kasat mata memang ponsel pintar ini terlihat simple namun tetap memancarkan aura mewah yang elegan. Oppo R1X dimulai dengan layar tipe capacitive touchscreen 5 inci. Bentangan layar tersebut akan menampilkan display visual yang lega kepada penggunanya. Oppo R1X juga dilengkapi dengan komponen-komponen kelas wahid. Kamera utama pada ponsel ini memiliki resolusi sebesar 13 MP yang pastinya akan menghasilkan jepretan foto yang sangat berkualitas. Masuk ke dalam ruang dapur pacu, publik pecinta gadget pasti akan terpana melihat komponen mesin yang ada dalamÂ. Bagaimana tidak, smartphone ini menggunakan CPU octa-core dipadukan dengan RAM berkapasitas 2 GB. Kombinasi mesin “gahar” pada dapur pacuÂ. Oppo R1X dipastikan akan memberikan jaminan kinerja maksimal pada ponsel pintar ini. Perpaduan fitur canggih dan juga mesin berkualitas ini memang disesuaikan dengan segmentasi ponsel pintar ini yang ditempatkan di jajaran smartphone kelas menengah ke atas. Agar kawan Begawei semakin faham detail informasi mengenai smartphone terbaru racikan Oppo ini, Begawei sudah siapkan ulasan lengkap spesifikasi dan hargaÂ. Oppo R1X pada segmen-segmen di bawah ini. Desain Fisik Elegan Didukung Layar Berkualitas. Kita awali bahasan mengenai spesifikasi Oppo R1X dengan melihat desain fisiknya terlebih dahulu. Seperti sudah Begawei singgung di awal tadi, desain luar ponsel pintar ini memang memancarkan aura kemewahan. Meski dimensinya belum diketahui secara pasti, namunÂ. Oppo R1X ini tetap terlihat menarik karena memiliki lengkungan-lengkungan khas smartphone premium buatan Oppo. Oppo R1X adalah layar tipe capacitive touchscreen yang memiliki bentangan sebesar 5 inci. Dengan tipe layar berkualitas tersebut, dipastikan juga ponsel pintar ini memiliki kemampuan multitouch yang mumpuni. Selain itu, layar pada smartphone terbaru Oppo ini juga memmiliki resolusi sebesar 720 x 1280 piksel serta dilengkapi dengan kekayaan warna mencapai 16 M. Oppo R1X dipastikan akan memberikan tampilan visual yang prima dan memanjakan mata penggunanya. Oppo R1X belum menyertakan info detail mengenai proteksi layar yang digunakannya. Oppo sendiri juga belum memberikan informasi apakah akan membekali varian terbarunya ini dengan pelindung layar kelas wahid yang biasa terpasang pada smartphone premium lainnya.. Mesin Bertenaga dengan RAM 2 GB. Beralih ke sektor dapur pacu, spesifikasiÂ. Oppo R1X ini dibekali dengan komponen-komponen berkelas untuk menunjang performanya. Sektor permesinan ponsel pintar ini digawangi oleh prosessor berinti delapan, atau biasa disebut dengan teknologo octa-core sebagai pusat CPU-nya. Oppo R1X ini berkolaborasi dengan chipset besutan Qualcomm Snapdragon 615. Mesin quad-core dalam smartphone ini memiliki clock speed 1.5 Ghz. Jadi, dengan “kolaborasi maut” antara CPU dan chipset berkualitas tinggi tersebut mampu memberikan jaminan kinerja optimal kepada penggunaÂ. Selain itu, ponsel pintar ini juga didukung dengan kehadiran RAM 2 GB. Kehadiran RAM berkapasitas besar tersebut akan semakin meringankan kinerja mesin pada ponsel pintar ini. Disematkannya OS Android KitKat juga akan menyempurnakan spesifikasiÂ. Oppo R1X di sektor dapur pacu. Kombinasi antara prosessor berkualitas, kapasitas RAM besar serta sistem operasi yang tangguh dipastikan akan memberikan pengalaman seru kepada pecinta gadget saat mengoperasikan smartphone terbaru ini.. Internal Memory Ekstra Longgar Sebesar 16 GB. Berpindah ke ruang penyimpanan data, spesifikasiÂ. Oppo R1X di sektor ini juga dibekali dengan komponen-komponen kelas satu. Smartphone ini memiliki kapasitas internal memory sebesar 16 GB. Ruang seluas itu sudah lebih cukup untuk menyimpan segudang file-file penting kawan Begawei dalam satu ponsel saja. Kamu bias membawa file gambar, audio video, aplikasi dan juga file penting lain yang berukuran besar dalamÂ. Namun, jika kamu masih merasa ruang sebesar 16 GB tadi belum cukup,Â. Oppo R1X juga dilengkapi dengan slot external memory guna menambah kapasitas ruang penyimpanannya. Oppo R1X ini memang upgradeable alias bisa ditambah kapasitasnya. Dengan kartu microSD tambahan, kamu bisa mengekspansi memory pada ponsel pintar ini hingga mencapai 128 GB.. Sektor Fotografi Mumpuni Berbekal Kamera Utama 13 MP. Oppo R1X di lini ini juga dipersenjatai dengan teknologi tercanggih dari Oppo. Pada bagian belakang ponsel pintar ini, disematkanlah kamera utama sebesar 13 MP. Pada kamera belakang tersebut juga dilengkapi dengan fitur LED Flash, Autofocus dan juga fitur Geo-Tagging. Oppo R1X, kawan Begawei bisa menghasilkan foto yang tajam dan berkualitas. Hasil jepretan smartphone terbaru ini bahkan bisa diadu dengan foto hasil jepretean kamera DSLR sekalipun. Keberadaan LED Flash juga akan membantu kamu saat ingin mengambil gambar di ruang yang minim cahaya. Selain kamera utama yang berkualitas tadi,Â. Oppo R1X juga dilengkapi dengan kamera sekunder yang juga berkualitas. Kamera yang diletakkan di sisi depan tersebut memiliki resolusi sebesar 5 MP. Meski memiliki resolusi lebih rendah dari kamera utamanya, kamera depan tersebut mampu menghasilkan foto yang tak kalah bagusnya dengan kamera di sisi belakang. Selain fungsi fotografi, deretan kamera pada spesifikasiÂ. Oppo R1X di lini fotografi tersebut juga bisa difungsikan untuk merekam video yang hasilnya cukup baik.. Informasi mengenai koneksi yang dibawa ponsel pintar terbaru dari Oppo ini sebenarnya masih simpang siur. Namun beberapa sumber yang bisa dipercaya menyatakan bahwaÂ. Oppo R1X ini akan dilengkapi dengan koneksi 4G LTE. Meski belum dipublikasikan secara resmi ke publik, namun rasanya koneksi 4G LTE benar-benar akan disematkan pada smartphone generasi terbaru dari Oppo ini. Keberadaan 4G LTE juga semakin diperkuat dengan segmentasiÂ. Oppo R1X yang memang akan ditujukan untuk pasar ponsel pintar kelas premium. Jadi, jangan khawatirkan koneksi yang akan dibawa smartphone terbaru ini! Selain koneksi data 4G LTE, ponsel pintar ini dipastikan akan dilengkapi dengan koneksi data lain, mulai dari jaringan EDGE hingga HSPA. Oppo R1X memang dilengkapi dengan koneksi super cepat yang akan memanjakan penggunanya. Selain kelengkapan koneksi data, ponsel pintar ini juga dibekali fitur lain sebagai pendukungnya. Untuk keperluan transfer data jarak dekat, ponsel pintar ini dilengkapi dengan Bluetooth A2DP dan NFC yang akan memudahkan kamu dalam pemindahan data secara nirkabel. Oppo R1X di sektor konektivitas juga dilengkapi dengan adanya teknologi A-GPS with GLONASS yang akan memberikan kemudahan navigasi kepada penggunanya.. Pada bagian terakhir pada pembahasan spesifikasiÂ. Oppo R1X, kita akan melihat kapasitas pemasok daya pada smartphone terbaru ini. Oppo membekali ponsel pintar terbarunya ini dengan baterai berjenis Lithium-Ion berkapasitas 2420 mAh. Oppo R1X ini terhitung masih kurang. Hal ini karena dapur pacu pada ponsel ini memang dipenuhi komponen-komponen kelas satu yang lumayan boros dalam hal konsumsi daya. Oppo R1X ini juga masih menggunakan tipe Lithium-Ion yang bisa dibilang “ketinggalan jaman”. Kebanyakan ponsel pintar kelas premium masa kini memang sudah menggunakan baterai tipe Lithium-Polymer. Oppo R1X di sektor pemasok dayanya, ponsel pintar ini tetap mampu untuk menemani aktivitas kawan Begawei selama seharian penuh. Keberadaan OS Android KitKat di dalam ponsel pintar ini mampu untuk mereduksi “keborosan” mesinnya.. Bagaimana? Puas dengan ulasan spesifikasi ponsel pintar terbaru Oppo ini? Yup! Meski beberapa detail spesifikasinya belum dipublikasikan, ulasan Begawei tadi pasti sudah memberikan gambaran kepada kawan Begawei mengenai wujud smartphone terbaru Oppo ini. Nah, sekarang saatnya kita bahas kisaran hargaÂ. Oppo R1X yang menurut rencana akan dirilis secara resmi ke publik pecinta gadget dunia pada akhir Mei 2015 ini. Namun, seperti biasa, sebelum Begawei informasikan hargaÂ. Oppo R1X ini, kami akan memberikan sedikit kesimpulan dari pembahasan spesifikasi di atas tadi. Oppo R1X memang dibekali dengan segudang komponen berkualitas. Mulai dari CPU octa-core, chipset racikan Qualcomm, hingga RAM berkapasitas 2 GB. Selain itu, penyematan GPU Andreno 304 pada ponsel ini juga akan memberikan tampilan tajam saat diajak memainkan game-game HD. Perpaduan komponen-komponen kelas wahid inilah yang akhirnya mempengaruhi banderol hargaÂ. Oppo R1X di pasaran ponsel pintar dunia. Dengan tujuan penggunanya yang memang untuk masyarakat mobile kelas atas, hargaÂ. Oppo R1X memang tergolong tinggi. Meski beberapa detail spesifikasinya belum diungkap secara jelas ke publik, namun pecinta gadget dunia rasanya tak perlu meragukan kualitas yang dimiliki Oppo. Selama ini, Oppo memang dikenal sangat baik dalam meracik ponsel-ponsel premiumnya. Meski tak secanggih Samsung Galaxy S6, namunÂ. Oppo R1X tetap saja membawa keunikannya sendiri. Oppo R1X memang lumayan menguras kocek. Banderol harga yang diberikan Oppo pada ponsel pintar terbarunya ini adalah USD 463, atau setara dengan Rp. Oppo R1X yang “selangit” tersebut memang masuk kategori “sangat mahal”.. Setelah merilis Oppo R5 dan N1, kini Oppo lagi-lagi mengenalkan varian smartphone terbarunya. Oppo R1X yang masuk kategori premium atau menengah ke atas, namun, menurut prediksi Begawei, smartphone canggih ini akan mendapat sambutan positif saat benar-benar meluncur ke pasaran gadget dunia. Dengan membawa mesin kelas wahid, tak salah jikaÂ. Oppo R1X ditempatkan di segmen smartphone kelas premium. Jika menilik produk lain yang berada pada satu level, seperti Samsung Galaxy S6 dan S6 Edge, hargaÂ. Oppo R1X ini memang sangat kompetitif. Meski reputasi Oppo belum sebanding dengan Samsung, namun dengan teknologi mesin yang tangguh dan juga kisaran hargaÂ. Oppo R1X yang kompetitif tadi, bukan tak mungkin ponsel pintar ini akan menyaingi penjualan produk-produk dari Korea tersebut. Baca juga Oppo A31 danÂ. Bidik Segmen Entry-Level, Oppo Rilis seri Oppo A33 Pre-order Oppo F1 Dibuka, Harga Mulai Rp 3,4 Juta Oppo Bakal Luncurkan Smartphone Full Screen Oppo R11S ? Penampakan Oppo Mirror R5S Tercium Publik? Beredar Foto Tampang Depan dan Belakang Oppo R11 Desain Flagship, Akhirnya Oppo A79 Rilis Oppo F1s Tidak Lebih Baik Dari Generasi Sebelumnya. Samsung Apple Asus Xiaomi Lenovo Oppo LG Vivo Smartfren Huawei. AccessGo Acer Advan Alcatel Axioo Blackberry Coolpad Evercoss Foxconn Gionee Google Himax Hisense HP HTC Infinix LeEco Luna Meizu Microsoft Mito Motorola Nokia Nuu Oneplus Osmo Panasonic Polytron Sharp Sony Wiko Yotaphone ZTE #. Harga Sharp Aquos Crystal dan Spesifikasi. Spesifikasi dan Harga Asus Zenfone 5. Spesifikasi dan Harga Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos. Cara Memperbaiki Flashdisk yang Rusak dengan Langkah-langkah Mudahnya. Spesifikasi dan Harga Samsung Galaxy Core 2. About Us Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy & Policy. 
Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Oppo R1x: 98 facts and highlights. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Oppo R1x (Android 4.4 KitKat (API level 19)). Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. NFC (near field communication) allows a device to perform simple wireless transactions.. With a wider aperture the sensor can capture more light, helping to avoid blur by enabling a faster shutter speed. It also provides a shallow depth of field, allowing you to blur the background to focus attention on the subject.. The web browser has automatic word wrap when zooming, the user can easily read long lines without scrolling horizontally.. Oppo R1x (Android 4.4 KitKat (API level 19)). Oppo R1x (Android 4.4 KitKat (API level 19)). More microphones result in better sound quality and enable the device to filter out background noise.. The system on a chip (SoC) has an integrated LTE cellular chip. LTE is capable of downloading at faster speeds than older, 3G technology.. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
Oppo R1x Price in Malaysia & Spec. Oppo R1x Price in Malaysia & Spec. Last Update: Jan 25, 2017. [ Compare Specs ]. Network Bands: 2G & 3G & 4G. SIM: Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Weight: 130 g (4.59 oz). Body Type: Saphire crystal back panel. OS: Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat). CPU: Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53. Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615. Internal: 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. External Memory: microSD, up to 128 GB. Battery: Non-removable Li-Po 2420 mAh battery. Stand By: Up to 250 h. Talk Time: Up to 8 h. Wi-Fi: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. USB: microUSB v2.0, USB Host. GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS. Messaging: SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Primary: 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels, autofocus, LED flash. Feature: Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio) 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). Multi Touch: Yes - Color OS 2.0.1 UI. Alert Types: Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones. The Oppo R1x is powered by a Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 CPU processor with 2 GB RAM. The device also has 16 GB internal storage + microSD (up to 128 GB) and a 5-inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen (720 x 1280 pixels, 294 ppi) display. It has a 13MP rear camera and supports Wifi, GPS, 3G and 4G LTE. It packs in a Non-removable Li-Po 2420 mAh battery at 6.8mm device thickness and weight 130g, running on Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat).The latest Oppo R1x price in Malaysia market is range from RM 1019.. *Features and specifications are subject to change without prior notification.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ official 1 March 2018 pre-order details revealed. New Hotlink Postpaid Flex revealed and allows you to customize your own Unlimited bundles, starting at RM30. MWC 2018: Nokia bursts out five brand new smartphones with a starting price of ~RM333 (updated). New Huawei P20 and P20 Plus image render leaked, as well as P20 Pro tech-specs. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Huawei Mate 10 Pro is now world's first AI-driven smartphone to drive a car. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact leak with a new 3D glass back design, coming to MWC with Qualcomm Snapdragon 845?. MWC 2018: Nokia bursts out five brand new smartphones with a starting price of ~RM333 (updated). Get the Samsung Galaxy J3, OPPO F5 or the Huawei Nova 2i from only RM88 from Celcom. ASUS ZenFone 5 ZE620KL with 6.2-inch full view display + notch spotted live? [Update] tech specs too. All Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ tech specs, features and pricing (from ~RM4399) leaked? [Update] hands-on pics!. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra review - A selfie phone for premium users. Another 5 days until the ASUS ZenFone 5 series unveil at MWC 2018. 
{{#item}} {{#category}} {{label}} {{/category}} {{#simple}} {{/simple}} {{#rich}} {{/rich}} {{/item}}. Oppo is back with its line of creative smartphone models. Amongst which, the Oppo R1X stands out as a leading model in today’s world of smartphones in Philippines. Lightweight, decently priced and futuristic, the Oppo R1X is the ultimate smartphone for those looking for a cheap but up-to-date smart device. Read below to find out more.. OPPO Smartphones Other Smartphones. There are currently no offers for this product. You can use the search box to find other similar products.. Country Price Indonesia IDR 1,899,000. Oppo R9 Plus is a great alternative to expensive high-end smartphone. Oppo R9 Plus is a great alternative to expensive high-end smartphone. In the past, there are only limited choices when it comes to getting powerful smartphones in the market. Not only that, they tend to be very experience as well and this means that not a lot of people is able to own them. However, it is incredible to get a powerful smartphone without breaking a wallet. Among these affordable yet powerful models is the marvelous Oppo R9 Plus.. F3 Plus will get a price cut. F3 Plus will get a price cut. Although Oppo F3 Plus has been released in India, Philippines and other countries earlier this year, other places such as Malaysia and Singapore still do not have them in their respective Oppo still does not give any reasons to explain this situation. It seems that Malaysian and Singaporean Oppo fans have to wait longer or acquire through other mobile stores.. Exciting News About the Oppo Find 9 in the Philippines. Exciting News About the Oppo Find 9 in the Philippines 05 February 2018. Oppo Find 9 leak shows thin physical home button. Release Date in Philippines Model R1x Date Jul 2016 Processor Processor frequency 1.7 GHz Processor family Qualcomm Snapdragon Processor model MSM 8939 Processor cores 8 Display Display diagonal 12.7 cm (5") Display resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Touchscreen Orientation sensor Screen shape Flat Display type IPS Display number of colours 16.78 million colours Touch technology Multi-touch Touchscreen type Capacitive Ports & interfaces USB port USB connector type Micro-USB USB version 2.0 Headphone connectivity 3.5 mm Weight & dimensions Weight 130 g Width 70.1 mm Depth 6.8 mm Height 140.6 mm Networking SIM card capability Dual SIM 3G 4G Wi-Fi SIM card type MicroSIM + NanoSIM 2G standards GSM 3G standards WCDMA 4G standard LTE Bluetooth Wi-Fi standards IEEE 802.11b,IEEE 802.11g,IEEE 802.11n Bluetooth version 4.0 2G bands (primary SIM) 850,900,1800,1900 MHz 3G bands supported 850,900,1700,1900,2100 MHz Tethering (modem-mode) Storage RAM capacity 2 GB Internal storage capacity 16 GB Compatible memory cards MicroSD (TransFlash) Maximum memory card size 128 GB Navigation Position location Software Operating system installed Android Operating system version 4.4 Camera Rear camera resolution (numeric) 13 MP Built-in flash Front camera type Single camera Front camera resolution (numeric) 5 MP Video recording Battery Battery capacity 2420 mAh Design Form factor Bar Colour of product Black, Blue Subscription Subscription type No subscription. Oppo R1X Philippines - compliments your style. The ultimate features in a smartphone. Much like all other Oppo smartphones, the Oppo R1X is the one you want to get. In the race for the thinnest smartphone in the world, Oppo R1X certainly makes headlines. Oppo has pushed the boundaries in size and form of the Oppo R1X. A glass finish makes the outer casing interesting and easy to hold in the palm of your hand. The 5 inch display provides vivid imaging and is sure to captivate. It is 4.85mm thin from the side. On the top, you’ll find the headphone jack and speaker. On the bottom you’ll find the microUSB cable. Along with capacitive buttons, all these features allow for seamless design in the Oppo R1X’s exterior.. The Oppo R1X features are distinct to its nature as a budget smartphone, at the same time, setting it apart from other models. For display, the Oppo R1X features a 720p IPS display. For its size, 720p seems adequate enough to view in HD. Powered by a Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 with a 2GB RAM, the Oppo R1X is smooth and powerful for one in its class. The Oppo F1 runs Android OS, v4.4 (Kit Kat) but has Oppo’s ColorOS 2.1 as an overlay.. Overall, the Oppo R1X does incredibly well for a smartphone in its class. More goodies come in the form of the 13MP rear camera with an aperture of f/2.2 to snap impressive photos with precision. Feed your selfie fetish with the clarity of the 8MP front camera with an aperture of f/2.0. Storage for all your media includes up to 16GB internal storage while a microSD storage can be added up to 256GB. Coupled with a 2420mAH battery you get hours of usage without power outage. This precedes Oppo’s reputation as a budget smartphone that packs in a long-lasting battery. Ultimately, only a hands on user-experience will give you an all-rounded understanding of the Oppo R1X smartphone. You can find the best in Oppo smartphones and accessories right here on iprice .. klgadgetguy.com Compact and beautiful design, Decent smartphone performance, Capable cameras, Reliable software No VOOC rapid charge, Uninspired sound quality, Software roadmap unknown. Looks and design have been one of the purchasing factors of a smartphone, we have been reviewing a lot of these and some of them offered a pretty good user experience despite not packing speedy hardware internals. Oppo's R series smartphones have been a g.... OPPO's quickly gaining a reputation as a company that knows how to build beautiful phones. Their anorexic R5 turned heads last year when it was announced, briefly holding the title for the world's thinnest phone before ceding it to a rival Chinese brand.... Last month, OPPO launched new smartphones in the Philippines. OPPO R1X is one of the good-looking phone among the three that was introduced.R1X has 5-inch IPS display with 1,280 x 720 pixels and 294 PPI. It is very thin at only 6.85 mm and weighs only 130.... You may have already read my unboxing and first impressions of the new OPPO R1x, but if you haven't you're most welcomed to check the post out. This stylish mid-ranger debuted in January this year and quietly hit Malaysian shores several weeks ago. Today we'll be unboxing OPPO's newest headturner, the R1x. The R1x is a member of the company's R lineup, which means it focuses more on form rather on function. It was built to turn heads and not set record benchmarks, and that's exactly what it does for.... Always keen to impress with designs, Oppo has yet another eye-catching proposition in the R1x. There's more to it than meets the eye though, and under the neat metal case the Oppo R1x is a capable all-round midranger.The R1x first appeared in its homeland.... thestar.com.my Great design and build, extensive camera features, affordable Capacitive keys not backlit. Oppo's new Android is its most stylish device yet.The smartphone market is highly competitive and crowded, but Oppo has managed to stay visible by being innovative.Not too long ago it introduced the world's thinnest Android, a motorised swivel camera for.... phonearena.com Elegant design, Tons of available UI themes Average call quality. Back in January of 2015, Oppo unveiled the R1C – an upper mid-range handset released just before the Chinese New Year celebrations. Now that the shopping flurry in its homeland is over, Oppo is preparing to make the smartphone available internationally.... androidauthority.com Gorgeous design and build, Fluid software experience with no hitches, Vibrant display despite only 720p Lower end specs for the price when compared to the competition, Average camera with poor low light performance, No VOOC fast charging. Flagship smartphones continue to impress with their incredible specifications, performance, and features across various aspects of the smartphone experience, but there is always going to be a need for devices that aren't as demanding on the wallet. Oppo has been one of those Chinese companies, which, in our opinion, innovate. They presented the world a smartphone with a rotating camera (N1), then upgraded it and released the N3 model, where the rotation was even motorised. F5 From ₱ 15,599.00. F3 From ₱ 13,990.00. A37 From ₱ 6,990.00 Oppo A37, 12.7 cm (5"), 16 GB, 8 MP, Android, 5.1, Gold. F1s From ₱ 12,299.00 Oppo F1s, 14 cm (5.5"), 32 GB, 13 MP, Android, 5.1, Gold. A83 From ₱ 9,990.00. F3 Plus From ₱ 19,899.00. Neo 7 From ₱ 5,990.00 Oppo Neo 7, 12.7 cm (5"), 16 GB, 8 MP, Android, 5.1, White. F1 From ₱ 22,000.00 Oppo F1, 12.7 cm (5"), 16 GB, 13 MP, Android, 5.1, Pink gold. F5 Youth From ₱ 12,890.00. R11 From ₱ 22,786.00 General Band OPPO Model R11 Style Bar Color Gold,Rose Gold,Black Display Size 5.5 inches Type Capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Touchscreen Multi-touch, Capacitive Screen, Gorilla Glass 4 Support for Gloved and Wet Touch Input Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density) Network Frequency Technology:. FDD-LTE: Bands Band 1/2/3/4/5/8, TD-LTE: Bands 38/39/40/41 Speed:. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps Sim Type Two Nano-SIM Cards or Nano-SIM Card and microSD Card GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS Wi-Fi Yes,. 2.4/5GHz 802.11a/b/g/n System OS Android 7.1.1 (Nougat) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 660 CPU. Octa-core 2.2 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 506 Language English, Similified/Traditional Chinese Storage RAM 4GB. (Expandable up to 256GB microSD card) Camera Primary Camera Dual 16 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash Flash LED Flash and Soft Light Video 720p/ 1080p videos Aperture Rear: f/2.2,. Sec: f/2.0 Secondary Camera Lens 20 MP, 1080p Power Battery Capacity 3010mAh. Li-ion battery Fast battery charging 83% in 30 min (Quick Charge 3.0) Features Bluetooth Yes,Ver. 4.0, A2DP, LE OTG Supported Message SMS/MMS Input Handwrite/Keypad Sensor Fingerprint, Distance sensor, Light sensor, G-sensor, E-compass Format Supported MP3/WAV/AMR/AAC; Video:3GP,MPEG4,AVI,RMVB; Picture: JPEG/BMP/GIF; eBook: TXT, PDF, MS Office Word, PPT, Excel. ( Some formats may require additional apps support.) Other Features 4G,. In the box: 1×Phone 1×Battery Charger 1× Micro USB cable 1×User. R9s From ₱ 17,670.00 Oppo R9s. R7 Lite From ₱ 9,490.00 Oppo R7 lite, 12.7 cm (5"), 16 GB, 13 MP, Android, 5.1, Silver. Mirror 3 From ₱ 9,990.00 Oppo Mirror 3, 11.9 cm (4.7"), 8 GB, 8 MP, Android, 4.4, White. R9s Plus From ₱ 21,375.00. R9 Plus From ₱ 17,575.00 Oppo R9 Plus, 15.2 cm (6"), 128 GB, 16 MP, Android, 5.1, Pink gold. {{name}} {{#children}} {{/children}} {{#level3}} {{/level3}}. {{topBrandsTitle}} {{#brands}} {{name}} {{/brands}}. Get the latest deals and coupons right in your inbox!. Singapore Malaysia Indonesia Hong Kong Thailand Vietnam. About Us Trends Contact Us Careers Partners Privacy Policy Terms of Use iEMA. Facebook Pinterest Twitter Google+. iPhone 8 iPhone 6 Sony PlayStation 4 Samsung J2 Prime Samsung Note 8 OPPO A37 iPhone 6s Plus iPhone 7. © 2018 iPrice Group Sdn Bhd (1113954 - D). The prices stated may have increased since the last update. Unfortunately it is not possible for us to update the prices on our website in real-time. Should a shop not offer prices in your local currency, we may calculate the displayed price on daily updated exchange rates.. 
Oppo’s R1x to get April global launch. Announcing the Oppo R1C not too long ago in January, Oppo is going to launch said phone worldwide this April under the name of the Oppo R1x.. Featuring similar design concepts as the Oppo R5 , the sapphire-glass backed smartphone is quite skinny at 6.85mm and weighs only 130 grams, with the aforementioned glass backing being it’s rather fetching main feature, with the unique colour effects on the phone achieved via UV embossing beneath the glass.. In terms of specs, the international version of the smartphone will be identical to the Oppo R1C with the exception of being able to support GSM networks.. Powering the device is 1.5GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 615 processor with 2GB of RAM and it also comes with 16GB of storage. Like the OPPO N3 , there’s a secondary SIM slot which also doubles up as a microSD if needed. It will also have a 13 megapixel Sony IMX214 main camera with assisted flash, with a 5 megapixel front shooter. The R1x will also feature a larger 2,420mAh battery.. The smartphone should be arriving at international markets mid-to late April this year and will be available in Sapphire blue and Ice white, though there hasn’t been any real indicator of pricing just yet.. Android , Mobile Devices , Mobile OS , Oppo , Rumour Mill. Android , launch , mobile device , Oppo , OPPO R1C , oppo r1x , oppo R1x launch , r1x , smart phone , smartphone. 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. 9 10 11 12 13 14 15. 16 17 18 19 20 21 22. 23 24 25 26 27 28 29. COPYRIGHT © 2017 SoyaCincau.com - Mind Blow Sdn Bhd (1076827-P) | Website Disclaimer. 
Harga OPPO R1x Murah Terbaru dan Spesifikasi. Supported with Qualcomm MSM8939 Octa-core, ColorOS 2.0.1i, Android 4.4, and 2420 mAh Li-Po Battery. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... * Harga diperbarui pada 23/02/2018 * Harga yang tercantum telah diubah dari USD ke IDR berdasarkan nilai tukar 23/02/2018. * Sebagai hasil penukaran nilai USD ke IDR, kami meniadakan dua bilangan dibelakang koma.. Harga OPPO R1x di Indonesia mulai Rp 1.899.000. Harga termurah OPPO R1x yaitu Rp 1.899.000 di blibli, dimana 56% lebih murah daripada harga R1x di Tokopedia (Rp 4.299.000).. Harga terbaru OPPO R1x diperbarui pada 23/02/2018 07:47.. Micro SIM, Nano SIM, Dual Standby. Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53. expandable up to 128GB microSD card. Stand-by Up to 250 h; Talk time Up to 8 h. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm (5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 in). User Review : 2 Review. Desain lumayan bagus banyak orang yang menginginkan produck ini. Review oleh Vava Bagus Wa Rohmah. Oppo R1X memiliki design yang lumayan menawan dengan layar 5.0 inch yang dilapisi In-Plane Switching atau IPS LCD ... Baca review lebih lanjut tentang produk ini. Silahkan menulis pertanyaan Anda pada produk ini. Anda mungkin dapat menerima informasi yang bermanfaat dari yang lain.. Harga Termurah : Rp 675.000. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.198.000. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.330.000. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.425.000. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.500.000. 5 inches, HD (1280 by 720... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.425.000. 6 inches, 2160 x 1080 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 3... Harga Termurah : Rp 3.300.000. 5.2 inches, HD 1280 x 720... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.900.000. 5 inches, qHD (960 by 540... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 1GB. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.100.000. 5.2 inches, 720 x 1280 pi... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3GB. Harga Termurah : Rp 1.990.000. Rangking Paling Dilihat untuk Handphone HP OPPO. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Perlu diketahui bahwa kami tidak dapat menjamin semua informasi yang ditampilkan seperti harga, spesifikasi, gambar, dll adalah 100% akurat. Harga dan ketersediaan barang di setiap toko selalu berubah. Jika Anda memutuskan untuk melakukan pembelian, silahkan lihat situs toko tersebut untuk memastikan bahwa Anda mendapat informasi terkini. Untuk menggunakan situs dan layanan ini, pengguna harus menyetujui dan mematuhi Ketentuan Penggunaan. Dengan mengakses atau menggunakan area situs ini, berarti Anda setuju untuk terikat secara hukum dan mematuhi Ketentuan.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Diproduksi oleh kakaku.com yang merupakan Situs Perbandingan Harga No.1 di Jepang). 
Read more Pros & Cons. Based on 8 expert reviews. Elegant design, Tons of available UI themes. Gorgeous design and build, Fluid software experience with no hitches, Vibrant display despite only 720p. Lower end specs for the price when compared to the competition, Average camera with poor low light performance, No VOOC fast charging. Last revision on April 1, 2017. Elegant design, Tons of available UI themes. Gorgeous design and build, Fluid software experience with no hitches, Vibrant display despite only 720p. Lower end specs for the price when compared to the competition, Average camera with poor low light performance, No VOOC fast charging. The Oppo R1x is a solid smartphone across the board – a good display, well-performing hardware, an adequate camera, and a battery that refuses to give up without a fight are among the positives of the whole package, while poor call quality and audio.... 7.5 While the Oppo R1x lacks a standout feature to differentiate itself from the competition, what it does offer is a device that simply looks, feels, and is built like a.... Desain premium dan ramping dari Oppo R1x ini membuatnya sangat menarik. Tawaran kinerjanya juga menarik dengan spesifikasi kelas atas yang akan membuat smartphone ini mampu menjalankan berbagai aplikasi dan game. As a reviewer, you enjoy lots of gadgets almost every week. There are those gadgets that you just want to skip reviewing, and those don’t want to return to the brand because you like it so much. OPPO R1X is one of those I want to.... Sebuah lagi peranti kelas pertengahan yang memasuki pasaran tempatan. Masih terasa aneh memanggil peranti lapan teras seperti Oppo R1X sebagai sebuah peranti kelas pertengahan tetapi realitinya standard apakah dipanggil peranti kelas tinggi berubah.... You may have already read my unboxing and first impressions of the new OPPO R1x, but if you haven't you're most welcomed to check the post out. This stylish mid-ranger debuted in January this year and quietly hit Malaysian shores several weeks ago..... If you are looking to make a fashion ­statement with your smartphone, look no further than the R1x. This Android is not only built beautiful and solid, but also ­performs without trouble. Also, as it has a sapphire crystal back, you don't have to worry.... The OPPO R1x is a beautifully made device and despite being positioned as a mid-ranger, it performs well in all aspects. If there's one con I can single out, it would be the absence of the famed VOOC charging, which is one of the best features of an.... If we were to give a beauty award to a mid-range smartphone, the Oppo R1x definitely comes into mind as the choice of devices. The R1x delivers a beautiful smartphone experience in both hardware design and software, which is what the company intends to.... OPPO's R1x combines both beauty and brawn in a surprisingly small package. It's small, compact and has a unique sapphire back that makes it stand out from the crowd. Unfortunately, the R1x faces stiff competition from competing international brands like.... Oppo R1x merupakan kombinasi apik antara R1 dengan R5. Desain apik berlapis kaca dengan elemen UV embose membuatnya tampil premium di kelas mid-end. Selain ciamik di sisi luar, daleman ponsel ini pun patut menjadi pertimbangan. Today we'll be unboxing OPPO's newest headturner, the R1x. The R1x is a member of the company's R lineup, which means it focuses more on form rather on function. It was built to turn heads and not set record benchmarks, and that's exactly what it does.... You could try and get the best hardware for the money in the midrange, and not give a second thought to looks and appearance. Or you can spot the Oppo R1x and be tempted to give it a try.The smartphone's far from trivial design is its main claim to.... En plus des R7 et R7 Plus qui sortiront bientôt en France, Oppo nous a également présenté lundi dernier le R1x. Un smartphone de milieu de gamme au design réussi mais qui ne sortira jamais en France ni en Europe.Alors qu'il l'avait annoncé sous le nom.... Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
Oppo R1x specs & features, price in Pakistan. Oppo Mobiles Oppo R1x specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Release Date: 2015, January Views: 6566. Also known as Oppo R1C for China. Oppo R1x is featuring 5.0 inches display size with 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density) resolution, Android OS, v4.4.x (KitKat), Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615 chipset, Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 CPU, 16 GB internal memory storage which can be expanded up to 128 GB via microSD card, 2 GB RAM, 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels, autofocus, LED flash main camera snapper with Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR and 5 MP front facing camera.. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Dual Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat), 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53. Oppo sets price < 5000 Rs. Oppo sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Oppo sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Oppo sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Oppo sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Oppo sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Oppo sets price > 45000 Rs.. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Oppo R1x best price in Pakistan is Rs. 37500 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Oppo R1x pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Oppo R1x .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check R1x details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Oppo R1x specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Oppo R1x prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. R1x Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. Yes, 2 Sims Dual Sim Mobiles. 140.6 x 70.1 x 6.8 mm (5.54 x 2.76 x 0.27 in). microSD, up to 128 GB Mobile with Memory Card. Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. MP4/WMV/H.264 player, MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+/Flac player, Photo/video editor, FM Radio. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. GLONASS, Document viewer, Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. v4.0, A2DP, EDR Bluetooth Mobiles. microUSB v2.0, USB Host USB Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. (~294 ppi pixel density), (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio), Color OS 2.0.1 UI. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, Yes Multitouch. 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pix 13 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. autofocus, LED flash, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, Video, 1080p@30fps. Disclaimer: Oppo R1x price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Oppo R1x is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Oppo R1x in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Oppo R1x Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting Oppo R1x review. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
All CES 2018 Computex 2017 MWC 2018. Hotlink Announces A Postpaid Plan with the Flexibility of a Prepaid…. Sony unveils the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 compact, comes with Snapdragon…. Nokia Brings Back Classic Banana Phone. Huawei introduces the MateBook X Pro and the MediaPad M5 at…. Reviews Oppo R1x Review: Beautifully Flawless. Decent mid-range hardware with a beautiful design. Looks and design have been one of the purchasing factors of a smartphone, we have been reviewing a lot of these and some of them offered a pretty good user experience despite not packing speedy hardware internals. Oppo’s R series smartphones have been a great example of such smartphones and in this case , we have been using the company’s R1x for a while, it has a beautiful faceted glass back cover and stainless steel frame construction, most importantly it doesn’t cost a bomb to be bought.. Take some time to browse Oppo’s smartphone portfolio, you will realize that the company isn’t just another Samsung or Apple in terms of making smartphones, the company’s phones don’t necessarily come with the latest processor, nor does it come with the most amount of RAM and storage. In the case of the Oppo R1x, the company has packed a trusty Snapdragon 615 processor under the hood which delivers a decent overall smartphone performance and great thermal control, the phone’s 4.7-inch display also ensures that you don’t need to stretch your fingers a lot to reach the entire screen estate, the display fortunately has good visibility under glaring sunlight.. Benchmarks, Battery Life and Call Quality. In other aspects, the R1x is suited for left handed users as the power button is placed on the left, which most people would use their thumb to press on. The speaker grilles located at the bottom can however, be a nuisance if you are watching videos or gaming horizontally as your hands tend to block its way. In addition, you might just want to snap the transparent case provided by Oppo on the phone, as the glass backcover can get pretty greasy with fingerprints over time. Otherwise, the R1x is well designed and it isn’t a cheap iPhone knock off like many other Chinese products.. Our last encounter with Oppo’s N3 has been a positive one, I’ve even called it the best Chinese smartphone that I’ve ever used all thanks to its reliable software. Just like other Chinese phone manufacturers, Oppo has been playing the very same software game by implementing its own custom launcher with similar elements – no app drawer, a theme store and full of gesture gimmicks. In the case of the Oppo R1x, we are happy that Oppo has maintained the very same satisfactory software experience like its previous devices.. However, the real problem here isn’t about its reliability but rather, I was rather disappointed with the company’s decision to continue using Android 4.4 KitKat for a new device despite still being the most reliable build of Android. As for this case , there is actually no guarantee if Oppo is ever going to upgrade the phone’s operating system to Android L, because this would mean a waste of the phone’s 64-bit hardware potential. For instance, Oppo’s very own Find 7 is still stuck on Android 4.4.2 despite having flagship internals, while most phones on the same range are already on Google’s latest operating system. Of course, if you aren’t the kind of user that is worried about using the latest and greatest Android OS, the Oppo R1x will definitely serve you well as a daily driver with very rare cases of app crashes and freezes.. ppo has literally given the R1x a pretty good pair of cameras and with its PureImage 2.0 image enhancement engine, you’ll be getting pretty good shots from its 13-megapixel f/2.0 Sony image sensor, the phone’s camera software offers a number of shooting modes that is found on higher end Oppo smartphones and they work really well when used appropriately, check out some of the pictures taken down below.. In benchmarks, the Snapdragon 615 processor isn’t much of a high score achiever but you can be rest assured of a great day to day performance, gaming performance is decent on the R1x thanks to the lower resolution display.. Back in our vivo x5max review, the phone’s battery lasted exceptionally well despite having a worrying small capacity, the R1x’s 2420mAh battery has fortunately produced the very same positive results and delivers a one day battery life. The phone however, has omitted Oppo’s VOOC rapid charging technology which is a shame.. All thanks to the phone’s compact design, holding up the phone to make phone calls have been rather comfortable, there is no encounters of signal drops and callers have been reporting a clear voice from our end.. If we were to give a beauty award to a mid-range smartphone, the Oppo R1x definitely comes into mind as the choice of devices. The R1x delivers a beautiful smartphone experience in both hardware design and software, which is what the company intends to deliver with the R series smartphone line up. The Oppo R1x retails at RM1199, it isn’t the most expensive Snapdragon 615 powered device and your decision on picking up one will not be wrong if you are looking for a reliable smartphone.. The Good: + Compact and beautiful design + Decent smartphone performance + Capable cameras + Reliable software. The Not so Good: – No VOOC rapid charge – Uninspired sound quality – Software roadmap unknown. We give the Oppo R1x a score of 8.5/10.. Previous article More ‘iPhone 6s’ Part Photos Unveils. Next article Rising Thunder – Epic brawl fighting between robots is here. Hotlink Announces A Postpaid Plan with the Flexibility of a Prepaid Freedom. Sookie - February 26, 2018. Sony unveils the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 compact, comes with Snapdragon 845 and 18:9.... Tarvin Gill - February 26, 2018. Nokia Brings Back Classic Banana Phone. Sookie - February 26, 2018. Huawei introduces the MateBook X Pro and the MediaPad M5 at MWC 2018. Tarvin Gill - February 26, 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Revolutionizes the Camera to a Whole New Level. Sookie - February 26, 2018. Sandisk iXpand Base Review: For those who doesn’t trust the cloud. Warren - February 14, 2018. AMD Radeon RX Vega 64 Review: Still Playing Catch-Up. Creative Outlier Sports Review: Affordable Sports Headphone with Great Sound. The Surface Pro (2017) is the premium Windows laptop I can’t.... Perodua Myvi 1.5 Advance Review: A Worthy Successor. Sony unveils the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 compact, comes with Snapdragon.... Should you buy the Samsung Galaxy S9?. Huawei introduces the MateBook X Pro and the MediaPad M5 at.... Perodua has unveiled the All-New Myvi with advance safety features (Updated). The next Android One phone will be from HTC. ookyo Review: A different take on unlimited data. News 5016 Features 219 Gaming 212 Reviews 197 Cars 61 Geek 21 Computex 2017 18 CES 2018 16 MWC 2018 4. KLGADGETGUY.COM serves interactive and professional technology content to both local and international audiences, incorporated in 2015 as KLGADGET CREATIVE MEDIA SDN BHD, we are more than just a media as we specialize in creative production and event planning.. Not only does our team have the passion for written information, we also bring about engaging visuals via video production in our YouTube channel.. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
Rated by : 14 user(s). Retail Price: RM 1,399 AP Price: N/A. The Oppo R1x runs on Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat) and is powered by Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 processor with 2GB RAM. It has a 5.0-inch, 720 x 1280. The Oppo R1x also comes with a 13.0-megapixel camera that is able to record videos at 1080p. It comes with 16GB of built-in storage, and is able to support microSD cards of up to 128GB.. Black Lightt Abstract / Design Download. • Oppo debuts in Malaysia with the N1 - priced RM1,798 • Oppo N1 Diumumkan Secara Rasmi Di Malaysia - Berharga RM1798 • Oppo Find 7 Dilancarkan 19 Mac Ini - Smartphone terbaik Dunia? • Telefon Pintar Berjenama Oppo Mungkin Akan Memasuki Pasaran Malaysia • Telefon Pintar Berjenama Oppo Mungkin Akan Memasuki Pasaran Malaysia • Adakah Oppo Find 7 Akan Menamatkan Dominasi Samsung & Apple. The OPPO R7 and R7 Plus is due May 20. Sony Xperia Z3 dilancarkan di IFA 2014 bulan hadapan - RM 2399. Lenovo challenges the Galaxy Note 4 with the K920. Oppo debuts in Malaysia with the N1 - priced RM1,798. Hotlink's First-Ever Postpaid Plan Gives You Unlimited Calls & SMS With No Contract. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ Malaysia Pricing Revealed, Starting From RM3,299. Specifications roundup for the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Benchmark numbers for the MediaTek Helio P60 are out. Further Xiaomi Mi 7 details release. Huawei memperkenalkan kereta yang dipandu oleh Huawei Mate 10 Pro. MWC 2018 : Cara untuk menonton majlis pelancaran Asus ZenFone 5. Samsung Galaxy S9 mampu beroperasi selama sehari setengah tanpa pengecasan. Apple mengeluarkan kemaskini iOS 11.2.6 bagi membaiki iPhone yang terpadam secara tiba-tiba. Huawei Mate 10 kini boleh dimiliki pada harga RM 2,299 sahaja. Check out the latest prices for Mobile Phones in Malaysia. Last Updated On: For Sunday, February 25, 2018. Compare Price Powered by iPrice. 
