GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - Global, Philippines. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 40(2300) - Global. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 40(2300) - Philippines. 143 x 71 x 6.3 mm (5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~67.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, Schneider-Kreuznach optics, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. - Fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min (VOOC Flash Charge). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Oppo R7 lite - user opinions and reviews. Whenever I just finished full charging and use it for a while like less than 15minutes, the battery is already at 90-80%. i am using oppo lite for 2 years and 3 days and until now its good, i love it!!. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Oppo R7 Oppo A37 Oppo F1 Oppo R7s Oppo F5 Xiaomi Redmi 5A. Oppo F5 Oppo A37 Oppo A83 Oppo F1s Oppo A71 Oppo A57. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Oppo R7 Lite. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Oppo R7 Lite smartphone was launched in September 2015. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. The Oppo R7 Lite is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Oppo R7 Lite packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Oppo R7 Lite runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 2320mAh non removable battery. It measures 143.00 x 71.00 x 6.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 147.00 grams. The Oppo R7 Lite is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Beautiful design, sturdy build Good battery life Strong overall performance Feature-rich camera app Bad Hybrid Dual-SIM Noisy low-light images No NFC or FM radio. Read detailed Oppo R7 Lite review. Oppo R7 Plus and Oppo R7 Lite: First Impressions. Oppo R7 Lite and R7 Plus With Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched in India. More Oppo mobiles Oppo mobiles price in India. Release date September 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 143.00 x 71.00 x 6.30 Weight (g) 147.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2320 Removable battery No Colours Gold, Silver SAR value 0.26. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 8-megapixel. Operating System Android 5.1 Skin Color OS 2.1. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Oppo R7 Lite. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Vongola Primo | 22 Oct 2015. I give it 5 starts because of its overall performance, I haven't encountered any lag or glitches in my time of use. What I like about is that it has good camera plus the gestures, perfect whenever I'm in a hurry. The camera also has a lot of features. Just a bit disappointed, I was expecting it to have a VOOC Charger but apparently it doesn't have in its package. But I can say that it is fast in charging. If you're a heavy gamer like me, you'll charge twice a day but you will be already fully charge approximately 1 and a half hours so its fine with me. Sophisticated with its looks plus a great specs for an affordable price. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Roshan Ghodeswar | 25 Aug 2016. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Oppo R7 Plus and Oppo R7 Lite: First Impressions. Oppo R7 Lite and R7 Plus With Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched in India. Oppo A71 (2018) Oppo A83 Oppo A75s Oppo A75 Oppo A79 Oppo F5 Youth Oppo R11s Plus Oppo F5 Oppo R11s Oppo F3 Lite Oppo A71 Oppo R11 Plus Oppo R11 Oppo A77 Oppo F3 Oppo F3 Plus Oppo A57 Oppo R9s Plus Oppo R9s Oppo F1s Oppo A37 Oppo A59 Oppo F1 Plus Oppo R9 Plus Oppo R9 Oppo A30 Oppo F1 Oppo A53 Oppo A33 Oppo Neo 7. Oppo R7 Oppo R7 Lite vs. Oppo R7 Oppo R7 Lite vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Oppo F1 vs. Lenovo Vibe K4 Note vs. Oppo R7 Lite Oppo R7 Lite vs. Sony Xperia C5 Ultra Dual Oppo R7 Lite vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Oppo F1 vs. Samsung Galaxy A5 2016 vs. Oppo R7 Lite Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 vs. Apple iPhone 6 Oppo R7 Lite vs. Motorola Moto G Gen 3 vs. Lenovo K3 Note Oppo R7 Lite vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Oppo R7 Lite in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Oppo R7 lite. All Listings - Current page. results for Oppo R7 lite. Save Oppo R7 lite to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Oppo R7 lite to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Oppo R7 lite - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Oppo R7 lite - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Oppo R7 lite - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. For Oppo luxury Wallet card holder Magnetic flip Leather case cover + stylus. Cute 3D Cartoon Beard Cat Designed Soft Rubber Skin Protective Case For Mobiles. For OPPO phone Leather Case Cover Pouch Carry Holster +Belt-Clip Pocket Vertical. Handmade Cute Bling Glitter Crystal Flowers Diamond Case Cover+Strap For Oppo. Beautiful Universal Phone Cute Bear Zipper Handbag Purse Clutch Wallet Card Case. Luxury Cowboy Box type Wallet ID Card Stand Flip Leather Pouch Case Cover For. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Cowhide Wallet Case Cover For Apple OPPO. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Wallet Case Cover Card Holder Quality Skin. 100% Genuine Gorilla Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For oppo Model. Luxury PU Leather Universal Phone Cute Bear Zipper Handbag Purse Case Cover For. Leather Holster Cover Pouch fits w/ silicone case on OPPO Phones. Waterproof Underwater Swim Phone Dry Bag Pouch Case Cover For iPhone Huawei Asus. Womens PU Leather Wallet Case Cover & Crossbody Clutch for Smart-Phones MLUB32. Deluxe Genuine 100% Real Flip Leather Cowhide Wallet Stand Case Cover Card Slot. Simple Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones ESXLWL-10. Genuine 100% Handmade Pure Real Leather Cash Card Slot Wallet Folio Flip Case. Fad Bicast Leather Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones MLUB27. Womens Protective Wallet Case Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO ESDC-27 MD. KroO ECMT28 Houndstooth Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones. Universal Flower Pattern Case Cover Pouch for Smartphone Phablets XXFL-17. Mini Q61 Wireless Bluetooth Handsfree Headset For Oppo Neo 5 R7s R7 lite Find 7. Womens Flower Pattern Wallet Case Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO ESMLF-27. Protective Wrist-Let Case Clutch Cover & Organizer for Smart-Phones KroO ESMTS27. Ladie's Convertible Paisley Smartphone Wallet Cover & Wristlet Clutch ESMLP2-20. Womens Fashion Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Crossbody Purse EI64-28. Womens Fashion Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Evening Purse EI64-28. Convertible Aztec Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Evening Clutch XLUC20. Convertible Aztec Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Crossbody Clutch XLUC20. Universal Phone Bags Pouch with Strap Waterproof Cases For iPhone Huawei Asus. FRUIT WATERPROOF POUCH DRY BAG CASE FOR OPPO F1 R7 R9 R11 PLUS LITE A77 A59 A57. Hybrid 360° Shockproof Hard case Cover + Tempered Glass for Huawei P10 Lite Plus. 8X ZOOM PHONE CAMERA TELEPHOTO TELESCOPE LENS + CLIP FOR OPPO R7 R9 R11 PLUS. FRUIT WATERPROOF POUCH DRY BAG CASE FOR OPPO F1 R7 R9 R11 PLUS LITE A77 A59 A57. LEATHER WAIST BELT HOLSTER CLIP POUCH CASE FOR OPPO R7 R9 R11 PLUS F1S A37 A57. UNIVERSAL LUMINOUS WATERPROOF POUCH CASE FOR OPPO F1S F1 F3 R7 R9S R11 PLUS A77. WATERPROOF WALLET POUCH DRY BAG CASE FOR OPPO R11 R9S R7 PLUS F1S NEO 5 7 A77. WATERPROOF NYLON WAIST HOLSTER POUCH FOR OPPO R7 R9 F1 A31 A33 A37 NEO 5 JOY 3. SPORTS RUNNING GYM ARM BAND POUCH BAG FOR OPPO R7S R9S R11 PLUS F1S NEO 7 5 A77. LEATHER WAIST BELT HOLSTER POUCH BAG CASE FOR OPPO R7 R9 R11 PLUS NEO 7 5 F1S. RUNNING SPORTS GYM WAIST BELT SOFT BAG FOR OPPO R9S R9 R5 R3 R11 PLUS A57 A77. LEATHER WAIST BELT HOLSTER CLIP POUCH CASE FOR OPPO R7 R9 R11 PLUS F1S A37 A57. UNIVERSAL LUMINOUS WATERPROOF POUCH CASE FOR OPPO F1S F1 F3 R7 R9S R11 PLUS A77. ANTI-WATER RESIST CASE POUCH BAG FOR OPPO R9S R11 R7S NEO 7 5 JOY 3 F1S A77 A59. WATERPROOF WALLET POUCH DRY BAG CASE FOR OPPO R11 R9S R7 PLUS F1S NEO 5 7 A77. For Oppo R7 lite - Portable Backup Battery Power Bank USB 2600 mAh. Original LCD and Touch Screen Assembly for OPPO R7 Lite Pantalla Tactil LCD. Genuine LCD and Touch Screen for OPPO R7 Lite Pantalla Tactil LCD Display. 3pcs 9HD anti-shatter tempered glass screen protector for LG Sony Samsung Phones. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... OPPO R7 vs OPPO R7 Lite Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (4.4), OPPO ColorOS UI Android (5.1), OPPO ColorOS UI. Dimensions 5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 inches (143 x 71 x 6.3 mm) 5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 inches (143 x 71 x 6.3 mm). Weight 5.19 oz (147 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.19 oz (147 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Metal Main body: Aluminum. Physical size 5.0 inches 5.0 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3). Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI) Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Geo tagging Face detection, Self-timer, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, Shutter speed control Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Macro mode, Night mode, Effects Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode, Effects. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps) 1920x1080 (1080p HD), 1280x720 (720p HD), 720x480 (DVD). Features High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Continuous autofocus, Video calling, Video sharing Time-lapse video, Video calling. Front-facing camera 8 megapixels 8 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 8939 Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 8939. Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Octa-core, 1700 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. 3 GB RAM 2 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 7, 8 Bands 8, 3, 1, 7. LTE (TDD) Bands 40 Bands 40, 41, 38. Data LTE, HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA, UMTS LTE, HSPA, HSUPA. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots 2 slots. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Gesture Accelerometer, Compass. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 b, g, n. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 4.0 out of 5 stars. Roydon Cerejo , 11 November 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. It's been a couple of years since Oppo entered the Indian market and since then, the company has managed to capture the attention of buyers with unique smartphones, right from the swivelling camera on the Oppo N1 to India's first Quad-HD display on the Oppo Find 7. Its most recent launch is the brand new Oppo R7 Lite , a mid-range offering priced at Rs.18,000. Some menu options don't change orientation, which can make apps tricky to use The combination of the camera app and the 13-megapixel sensor makes taking photos great fun. The interface is clean and all the options are neatly hidden away under a single menu button. Focusing speed is good under favourable lighting but it slows down a bit in low light. The phone is also very quick in capturing and saving pictures with minimal shutter lag. Our one little niggle is that some of the text and sub-menus don't change orientation when shooting in landscape mode, which is a little distracting when you're trying to frame a shot and are forced to turn the phone around again. Shot using Ultra HD mode (Click to see full-size image) Oppo offers a useful variety of shooting modes which can be really fun to experiment with. Slow Shutter helps you with long exposure shots - you can keep the shutter open for up to 16 seconds. Ultra HD mode lets you output either a 24-megapixel or a 50-megapixel image. Images captured in this mode are smoother than those taken in standard mode, which is handy if you wish to crop portions of them later on. Edges around objects are less harsh without losing much detail which makes it good for landscapes. We recommend shooting at the 24-megapixel setting as the file size isn't too bloated and there isn't any noticeable quality difference between this and the higher resolution. There's another mode which lets you save in RAW format. Shot using Super Macro mode (Click to see full-size image) Super Macro is yet another useful mode for close up of small objects. Expert Mode gives you manual controls for shutter speed, ISO, exposure compensation, focus and white balance. Unfortunately, the values of the sliders don't rotate to landscape mode so you'll have to use this in portrait. (Click to see full-size image) Landscapes shots unde natural light are good, especially with Ultra HD mode. The same goes for macro shots, as the camera manages to capture good detail and colours are fairly accurate. However, there's noticeable noise in pictures taken in low light. Indoor shots under artificial lighting are also not the best as there's noticeable graininess. The front-facing 8-megapixel camera supports autofocus and captures decent details. This is a tough segment to compete in, as we have the recently launched OnePlus X , the Gionee Elife S7 ( Review | Pictures ) from earlier in the year, and the crowd favourite Motorola Moto X Play ( Review ) - all hovering around the same price point. The R7 Lite is the smaller sibling of the Oppo R7 Plus and our initial impressions of both the phones were on the positive side. Let's find out if our initial thoughts hold true once we've put it through the grind.. Look and feel The build and finish of the R7 Lite is quite impressive thanks to quality materials used in the construction. The body is made up of a single piece of aluminium that has undergone multiple polishing processes to give it a satin finish. The buttons feel equally premium and have good tactile feedback. Oppo has managed to keep the thickness of the phone down to 6.3mm and it is fairly light too at 143g.. The display gets a 2.5D arc treatment which means the edges are curved a bit for a smoother feel. In the front, we have a 5-inch HD Amoled display (720x1280) that's protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 3. The resolution is a bit low when you consider that most offerings in this price bracket now sport full-HD displays. Despite this, the pixel density is sufficiently high so you don't get any annoying jaggedness in text and icons. Colour reproduction and sunlight legibility are also quite good.. The volume rocker and power buttons are placed on opposite sides. The SIM and microSD card tray sits on the right while the headphone socket and Micro-USB port take their place on the top and bottom respectively. You get a notification LED hidden in the upper left corner. The capacitive buttons at the bottom are sadly not backlit.. Around the back, we have a 13-megapixel primary shooter, a single LED flash and the speaker at the bottom. To avoid sound getting muffled when the phone is placed on a flat surface, Oppo has added a tiny nub at the bottom which raises it slightly.. The Oppo R7 Lite is very pocketable, which makes single-handed use possible most of the time. It's incredibly slim and feels very durable despite its dainty looks. The aluminium sides can be slippery but this can be circumvented with the bundled silicon case. It's a slim cover which is barely noticeable and doesn't ruin the look of the phone. Also in the box are a charger, a data cable, a SIM ejector tool, manuals, and a headset. The phone is available in gold and silver but there's no option for a black front facia.. Specifications and software The core specifications are very much in line with the Moto X Play. You get an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 SoC, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of onboard storage, microSD card support of up to 128GB, and 4G LTE support. You also get Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, USB OTG and GPS. There's no NFC or FM radio. The R7 Lite uses a hybrid Dual-SIM system so you can either have two SIM cards or one SIM and a microSD card.. The Oppo R7 Lite runs Colour OS 2.1 which is a heavily modified skin for Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. Not much has changed, visually at least, since we first saw it running on the Oppo N1. There are ton of possible customisations, from transition effects to themes. The notifications shade also gets a new look, and in addition to the usual toggle switches, there's 'Eye protection' to reduce blue light output.. The stock launcher has a single-layered design so all apps are laid out across multiple screens. Thankfully, Oppo pre-groups all Google apps so the result is not a huge mess. Other apps include Weather, File Manager, Kingsoft Office Suite, and System Update.. Oppo also bundles some of its own apps. O-Cloud lets you back up your contacts and SMSes to the cloud. Security Center consolidates multiple functions such as freeing up memory, data monitoring, blocking contacts, setting privacy permissions for apps, battery saving modes and a do-not-disturb feature. The Settings app contains additional controls for gestures and motion-based shortcuts.. Overall, Colour OS is one of our preferred custom Android solutions. There isn't a lot of bloatware and most of the pre-installed apps are actually useful.. Performance The Oppo R7 Lite is speedy at routine tasks. We didn't notice any stutter or slow-downs in the animations or when switching between apps. The phone easily handled heavy games such as Dead Trigger 2. Even with rigorous use, the phone would get only slightly warm, and this was with the silicon cover on. Call quality was also good and the R7 Lite easily latched on to 4G networks whenever possible.. We got a score of 34,263 in AnTuTu and 8,735 in 3DMark Ice Storm. GFXbench also returned a satisfying 20fps. Overall, these are pretty decent numbers for this price segment.. The phone also handles media files very well, including our high-bitrate full-HD video file. Colours are rich and vibrant thanks to the Amoled panel. The sound from the rear speaker isn't great when watching movies or listening to music but is adequate for incoming alerts. The bundled headset isn't that good either, as the sound is quite weak and the earphones aren't very comfortable to wear.. Video recording maxes out at 1080p and while the quality is good, there's isn't any form of electronic stabilisation so even minor movements makes the video very shaky. For video, you only get Time-lapse and Slow-mo. The slow motion video resolution is restricted to 480p.. The Oppo R7 Lite manages to deliver very good battery life despite its seemingly low-capacity 2320mAh battery. We got 11 hours and 57 minutes in our video loop test, which is good. With regular use, we easily managed to go up to day and half with a bit of gaming, a few calls, and 4G usage.. Verdict The Oppo R7 Lite turned out to be quite a firecracker in a slim package. The aluminium build and overall finish are superb, the display produces rich and vibrant colours, overall system performance is speedy, and it has good battery life as well. It also doesn't hurt that it's slim and lightweight. Things which could use some improvement are the camera app and low-light performance. It wouldn't have hurt to throw in NFC and FM radio. Finally, you have to remember that this is a hybrid Dual-SIM phone, which means a microSD card cannot be used if you insert the second SIM.. Betweenthe Oppo R7 Lite and the Gionee Elife S7, this phone comes across as a better all-rounder. Choosing between the R7 Lite and the Motorola Moto X Play is a little more tricky, because the latter promises timely software updates, a higher resolution display and slightly better all-round performance. However, the Oppo has its slimmer metal body.. The R7 Lite's display resolution might be inferior to that of the Moto X Play and most other phones in this price segment, but you'll barely be able to tell the difference in the real world. In this regard, the R7 Lite makes a very good alternative to the Moto X Play.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Beautiful design, sturdy build Good battery life Strong overall performance Feature-rich camera app Bad Hybrid Dual-SIM Noisy low-light images No NFC or FM radio. Read detailed Oppo R7 Lite review. Oppo R7 Plus and Oppo R7 Lite: First Impressions. Oppo R7 Lite and R7 Plus With Android 5.1 Lollipop Launched in India. More Oppo mobiles Oppo mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Motorola Moto X Play , Oppo , Oppo R7 Lite , Oppo R7 Lite features , Oppo R7 Lite price , Oppo R7 Lite price in India , Oppo R7 Lite review , Oppo R7 Lite specifications , R7 Lite , smartphones. Roydon Cerejo Email Roydon More. An armchair fitness freak, loves everything tech. Recovering compulsive hoarder of PC components.. Facebook Brings 360-Degree Video Support to iPhone and iPad. Best Headphones and Earphones Under Rs. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Mobiles / Oppo Mobile Phones / Oppo R7 Lite Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 182 Launch Date in India: 10 September, 2015 Compare. Blue-light filter display Slow shutter mode Premium metal unibody. Oppo is a Chinese handset manufacturer that has been around for a longer while than the recent crop of Chinese brands. The brand has launched several cutting edge devices including Oppo N1, which flaunted world's first rotating camera that served as both primary and secondary camera for the handset. The handset maker has released the flagship R7 handset recently and now it has come up with R7 Lite. This handset is intended for those who want a taste of the flagship device without paying the premium price tag for the same.. Oppo R7 Lite comes with the same robust and sleek form factor that is a trademark of the R7 flagship smartphone. It boasts of full aluminium unibody design that exudes a sense of elegance and is also sturdy to hold. However, Oppo has made the rear camera of the handset protrude a little, which might cause accidental scratches on the lens.. Oppo has placed a decent 5-inch display on the front of the handset, which is a letdown considering most handsets in this price range feature atleast 5.5-inch screen. Moreover, the display also offers minuscule HD resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels.. Being a variant of the flagship smartphone, Oppo R7 Lite comes with the latest Android 5.1.1 operating system out of the box. Now, it is a common knowledge that Android Lollipop is the best looking release till date as well as packs a punch. Furthermore, Oppo has skinned the stock Android with its own Color OS that is designed to offer ease of usage and convenience to its users.. Oppo has equipped the R7 Lite smartphone with a Snapdragon 615 processor that is an Octa-core unit with a clock speed of 1.5 GHz. The processor has 2 GB of RAM at its disposal that ensures a consistent performance. The device is powered by a 2320 mAh battery pack that can last a day on moderate usage.. Oppo R7 Lite boasts of a 13 Megapixels camera on the rear panel, which means that the handset is ideal for routine photography. The front panel of the handset features a powerful 8 Megapixels camera that features a wide angle lens for easy group selfies.. For connectivity, the handset comes wit same set of features as its flagship sibling and supports both 4G LTE and 3G. It also offers Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and microUSB for other modes of connectivity.. The Oppo R7 Lite is definitely a go for those who dream of flagship smartphones but curb it because of higher price tag. This handset offers the same build quality and comparable performance to its users as that of Oppo R7.. Oppo R7 Lite Price in India. 13,800 .00. Oppo R7 Lite Price in India starts from. The lowest Oppo R7 Lite price in India is. 13,800 at Amazon.in on 26 February, 2018. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 4 /5 (33 User Reviews). Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.3 GHz Octa Core 2 GB RAM 16 GB Storage 5.0" (12.7 cm) Display 2320 mAh Battery 13 MP Rear Camera 8 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Oppo R7 Lite Drops from 13,800. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Oppo R7 Lite Drops from 13,800. 143 x 71 x 6.3 mm. 1.3 GHz Octa core 64 bit (Cortex A53). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Handset with built-in Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo A57. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo F1s. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo A37. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Samsung Galaxy On Nxt. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo F3. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo F1s 64GB. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 64GB. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Samsung Galaxy J7. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo R1. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo F1. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Lenovo K3 Note. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Oppo F1 Plus. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Vivo Y53. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Vivo V5. Compare Oppo R7 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 32GB. Oppo Mobiles Upcoming Oppo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Under 12000 Oppo Mobiles Under 15000 Oppo 4G Mobiles Oppo Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Oppo Mobiles with 4000mAh Battery Oppo Mobiles Between 10000 To 15000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
Home Smartphones ColorOS About OPPO Press Careers Global Store Locator Support FAQ Customer Service Center Contact Us Global Global. Home /. Life And Art At The Crossroads. Art Imitates Life As The R7 Lite Fits Right Into Your Hand. And The Elegance Of A Violin. The body of the R7 Lite was designed with a single piece of aircraft-grade magnesium aluminium alloy and has undergone 48 polishing processes before finally attaining it’s exquisite all-metallic body. Its metallic ratio is as high as 92.3%. The robust device is matched with a 5 inch 720p screen, and the craftsmanship and beauty of a violin.. OPPO has initiated the concept of "Free Curves" and redefined the curves of the screen. The precision craftsmanship creates a glass screen that is solid yet gentle, while the metallic body provides incredible protection when dropped.. The design of the R7 Lite body delicately employs the artistic style of "lineism". The back adopts the classic arc design of a violin's neck to match the double-arcs of the body's edges, creating the visual effect of slimness and highlighting the perfection in details through the movement of light and shadows.. For photo-taking, the R7 Lite utilizes phase detection autofocus (PDAF) and smart anti-shake optimization. The best image is formed instantaneously using multi-modal sensitive computations, capturing perfect images with incredible image quality even when taken quickly.. The Choice is Yours With Dual SIM. Universal 4G, high-speed access; dual SIM configuration allows you to balance work and life; Let go of the reigns of limitation with 4G and dual SIM options.. 23 newly-added featured filters, plus background blurring functions to make your photos shout!. ColorOS 2.1 has a specialized three-in-one efficient organizing function. Shake for automatic sorting, quick transfers across pages, and icon management.. During screen-off mode, use gestures directly on the screen to activate specific functions: screen on, activate camera, make calls etc.. Just slide from the lower left or right corner to the middle of the screen to activate mini-screen mode for easy operation.. Easily capture lengthy content in a single screen shot.. Forget about missing important notifications with automatic lock screen notifications !. We realize that users prefer mobile phones with a clear aesthetic and an outstanding feel.. OPPO has created a comfortable large-screen smartphone that beautifully satisfies the difficult balance of ergonomics and visual sleekness. The R7 Lite is born.. The chief designer of the R7 Lite started learning the violin from a very young age and found that th earcs of a violin's neck are perfectly suited to fit the hand. Thus, the R7 Lite forms a quintessential link between tradition and modernity.. The R7 Lite inherits OPPO's classic “Lineism” design philosophy, with free-flowing curves conveying elegance, tenderness, and aesthetic sleekness, whilst providing users with a sense of security and ease. The R7 Lite employs a unibody craftsmanship and is the result of 48 polishing processes. While aiming at a hardy and metallic appearance, the use of multiple arcs at the angular joints gives the handset a dynamic look that flows with lights and colors, no matter the angle from which it is seen.. The back has undergone refined polishing, with the protrusion of each grain on the surface being only 0.03 micrometers. The fine and delicate smoothening with zircon and sand blasting creates a back that is soft to the touch, with a velvet-like softness despite being metallic.. The front of the R7 Lite is installed with a jaw-dropping, AMOLED glass screen for better image quality. The 2.5D arc surface (droplet screen) does not have any hard angles along the front edges. The edges of the screen are gentle, yet compact and safe, endowing the phone with gorgeous charm.. The Flexibility Of Light And Shadow. The R7 Lite cleverly combines light and curves to create the visual illusion of a slimmer appearance. An arc and a Bezier curve are added to the sides of the body, resulting in a unique T-shaped tooled-outlateral arc that is filled with light. This is an exceptional technique combining light and shadow, creating extraordinary visual charm.. Every OPPO device is born with photography deep within it’s DNA. It picks out every detail of the photograph in depth. Perfect image quality, brand-new Beautify 3.0, and ultra-clear flash shot help you capture every moment of beauty.. The Pure Image 2.0+ engine of the camera has been fully upgraded. Multi-frame sampling empowers the R7 Lite with Ultra HD 50 megapixel shots to capture even more details.. Multiple modes for you to easily customize your preferred effect, matching gender, age, and so much more.. Various Filters Selfie Fill Light. ColorOS 2.1, based on Android 5.1. ColorOS 2.1, based on Android 5.1. Multi-touch, Capacitive Screen, Gorilla Glass 3 Support for Gloved and Wet Touch Input. GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz LTE Bands 1/3/7/8/TD-40. Dual-SIM: Micro-SIM Card and Nano-SIM Card. Distance sensor Light sensor G-sensor E-compass. OPPO R7 Lite In-ear type earphones Micro USB cable Charger SIM ejector tool Documentation Case. Products F1 Plus F1 R7 plus See All Smartphones Support Contact Us FAQ About OPPO Careers Press. 
Oppo R7 lite - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 19 20 ». Anonymous, 26 Jan 2017 Been using it since last year. This phone give good camera shot in bright place, but very suck... Whenever I just finished full charging and use it for a while like less than 15minutes, the battery is already at 90-80%. i am using oppo lite for 2 years and 3 days and until now its good, i love it!!. i am using oppo lite for 2 years and 3 days and until now its good, i love it!!. I'm been using this oppo r7 lite since 2015. The fast charging & the camera I love it so much. I don't have facing any lagging issue maybe is because I off it very night & on it back when I wake up.. Nearly 2years, it's still new & powerful. Im using oppo R7lite for almost 1 year and half but now im facing this problem that everytime i switchich it, its rebooting itself repeatedly, what maybe the problem? Its the battery or the program? Pls help i cant use it. Whichever app lock I install and give permission in accessibility is disables itself and all my locked apps get unlocked automatically please help..... been using this phone for the last two years, no issues at all. still functioning as it was new.. I have been using this phone past 18 months, very much satisfied. Since couple of months I have been facing a strange problem, my phone memory which is having 4-5gb free space suddenly gets full and messages starts popping on screen "LOW DISK SPACE". I have no other option than to factory reset it. Please guide me, if there is solution to this.. my oppo r7 very fast battery drain when i playing games ... how can i fix it ? since i upgrade android version to lolipop .. i have been using this since year , this is good phone but i only suggest you not to use local charger for charging ,. can i change oppo firmware from global to philippine.. because global dont have band 5, if I switch firmware to philipines.. can having band 5? I means for LTE 850mhz.. Is this R7 lite good for gaming or not?. Anonymous, 26 Jan 2017 Been using it since last year. This phone give good camera shot in bright place, but very suck... more i also experience the same thing .. Been using it since last year. This phone give good camera shot in bright place, but very sucks at less light. And yeah it lag so much. I need to keep cleaning the ram. And the battery would be decreasing so fast if you use it at maximum. I dunno if it's better in the oppo r7.. Babblu, 04 May 2016 Using this device since 6 months & I should say OPPO is Incomparable. more Hi bablu can we use Jio in it means without installing jio app. Im using this phone since 2 months and its a amazing phone to have. Its very fast and the camera is very beautiful. I think its foolish to buy a iphone or samsung phone just because its a known brand. There is so much more to discover.. Pages: 1 2 3 … 19 20 ». Total of 392 user reviews and opinions for Oppo R7 lite .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Oppo R7 Oppo A37 Oppo F1 Oppo R7s Oppo F5 Xiaomi Redmi 5A. Oppo F5 Oppo A37 Oppo A83 Oppo F1s Oppo A71 Oppo A57. 
OPPO R7 Lite Price in the Philippines and Specification. OPPO R7 Lite is a 5inch(720 x 1280) of display, 16GB of storage, 13MP of main camera.. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. 300 - 500 php, 3 - 5days. 300 - 500 php, 3 - 5 days. OPPO R7 Lite Price in the Philippines Starts from P10,500. The lowest price of OPPO R7 Lite is P10,500 at Leodic Mobile Phones and Accessories, which is 52% less than the cost of R7 Lite at ebuy Philippines (P21,985).. The latest price of OPPO R7 Lite was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:08.. Oppo R7 Lite Unboxing and Hands On. Oppo R7 Lite Hands-on Overview with First Impressions. Micro SIM, Nano SIM, Dual Standby. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53. microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. WCDMA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE Bands 1 / 3 / 5 / 7 / 8 / TD-40. 143 x 71 x 6.3 mm (5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 in). Stylish finesse and sophisticated configuration in Oppo R7 Lite. Color OS 2.1 and Android 5.1 operating system. 2GB internal memory and 16GB microSD card support that is great for internet downloads as well as storing data and photos. Dual SIM access that is compatible with 3G as well as 4G connectivity.. Thinner, larger and lighter – this is the new “in” thing in the trend of smartphone. And in providing these features at an affordable price, Oppo has successfully managed to bridge these features together through their stylish, innovative and yet affordable smartphone sets. Although this brand has entered the smartphone market of Philippines, just a few years back, it has still made its mark in every age group.. Amongst many of its series of phones, the R series is one of their USP and what they have been known for. Each set in this series pronounces beauty, aesthetic charm and style, with an elegant appeal to it. Sleek design and flat or thin body, this is what this series is all about; regardless to mention the additional features. The R7 Lite from Oppo is an imitation of Art right into Life. Ensuring a fit that is very convenient and fits well into the hands, it adds sophistication to the style of the user.. Unlike most of its rivals, the R7 Lite from Oppo flaunts a very sleek all-metal body made up of an alloy of aluminium and magnesium. Matching the beauty and craftsmanship of a violin, it is because of the 48 stages of polish that this metal alloy goes through, has ensured such lustre, look and appeal.. Providing great compatibility to the metal frame, a solid, yet gentle glass screen ensures a defined visual experience. However, this metal frame will also protect the screen even if dropped from hands mistakenly.. In the current Pinoy market, smartphones that are compatible with 4G SIM cards is hugely in demand. Since Oppo is renowned for catering to the requirements of consumers, even this R7 Litehas configuration that would provide access to high speed internet with dual 4G SIM slots. Selfie addicts are greatly drawn towards this set because of a 13 megapixel camera and a Beauty 3.0 mode that makes capturing any and every mood and emotion perfect. Display of images is stunning with a 5 inch wide screen that has great optimization. Uninterrupted conversation and photography session is ensured with an unremovable 2320 mAh Li-Po Battery that offers great battery life to Oppo R7 Lite.. User Review : 5 Reviews. Want to buy this one for my girlfriend a present because this phone is so good in camera selfie she love to take ... DESIGN AND DISPLAY of it is very much simple and its nice and good enough for me.. PORTABILITY its handy and not ... the design of this smartphone is nice and look so simple.. the display is modest looking in the so it make these ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Paano po ilagay yung dual sim with sd card?. Good morning po sa lahat magtatanong lang po ako sana po masagot niyo po kapag po ba may memory card yung r7 lite hindi po ba magagamit yung sim 2slot?. Last updated : May 18, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Paano po ilagay yung dual sim with sd card?. Good morning po sa lahat magtatanong lang po ako sana po masagot niyo po kapag po ba may memory card yung r7 lite hindi po ba magagamit yung sim 2slot?. Last updated : May 18, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. for sale my 6mos old OPPO R7Lite. Last updated : Sep 26, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Just wanna have an inquiry about this OPPO R7 Lite. Could this be upgraded into a more higher version of android, the operating system I mean? help is appreciated. Last updated : Apr 9, 2016. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. Good afternoon!! Magtatanong lng po ako kung anong uri po ng battery meron itong OPPO R7 Lite? Is it also a non removable battery? Salamat sa sagot.. Last updated : Mar 14, 2016. Replies of This topic : 4 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. 6 inches, 2160 x 1080 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 3... 5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 4... 5.2 inches, 720 x 1280 (HD). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3GB. 5.5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... Most viewed ranking for OPPO Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Phản hồi không hài lòng bộ ảnh. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Đặc điểm nổi bật của OPPO R7 Lite. Thiết kế nguyên khối đẹp mắt, camera với độ phân giải lớn cùng tính năng cử chỉ chuyển động thông minh rất hữu ích cho bạn.. Camera độ phân giải lớn 13 MP cùng tính năng làm mịn da tự động, góc chụp rộng cho khung hình thu được nhiều cảnh vật hơn, đặc biệt máy cho tốc độ chụp rất nhanh, tính năng chống rung thông minh giúp ảnh của bạn sẽ không bị nhòe quá nhiều.. Đặc biệt tính năng chụp ảnh Ultra-HD cho độ phân giải lên tới 50 MP là một điều ấn tượng, ảnh cho chi tiết rất tốt, khi phóng to không bị bể hình mà nhìn khá mịn.. Hình chụp với độ phân giải 13 MP và Ultra-HD 50 MP không có sự khác biệt nhiều về độ nét. Chất lượng khi phóng to cho thấy sự chênh lệch rõ ràng. Ảnh dùng chế độ phơi sáng (lên tới 16 giây) ấn tượng ở nhà thờ Đức Bà, quận 1 (Ảnh: Tano Trần). Một góc tầng thượng trường đại học (Ảnh: Thu Lành). Camera trước độ phân giải lên đến 8 MP cùng tính năng làm đẹp. Beautify 3.0 cho bạn tùy chỉnh các hiệu ứng khác nhau. Trong một khoảnh khắc chụp nhanh nhưng Oppo R7 Lite vẫn lấy nét khá tốt, không bị nhòe quá nhiều. Cử chỉ chuyển động thông minh. Đây là tính năng thật sự hữu ích và tiện lợi cho bạn trong quá trình sử dụng, kéo hai ngón tay lên xuống trên màn hình để giảm âm lượng, hay chỉ cần vẽ vòng tròn khi máy đang tắt để mở nhanh camera chụp ảnh.. Vẽ vòng tròn trên màn hình để mở nhanh camera. Bạn có thể tìm hiểu kỹ thêm về các tính năng của cử chỉ chuyển động thông minh. Oppo R7 Lite có kích thước 5 inch nhưng viền màn hình rất mỏng tạo cho bạn cảm giác màn hình như rộng hơn, mặt kính viền cong 2.5D cho điểm tiếp xúc giữa tay cầm và màn hình mềm mại và thoải mái.. Sử dụng công nghệ màn hình AMOLED cho màu sắc tươi và nhìn thích mắt hơn, mắt kính trang bị. kính cường lực Gorilla Glass 3. Các mẫu giao diện từ cá tính đến dễ thương, đơn giản luôn có sẵn trong máy để bạn dễ dàng đổi mới. Snapdragon 615 , 8 nhân cho tốc độ. Quad core 1.3 GHz và Quad core 1.0 GHz, RAM 2 GB, cấu hình tốt so với mức giá, chạy đa nhiệm tốt, hầu như không xảy ra bất cứ độ trễ nào, chip đồ họa Adreno 405 cho phép xử lý video chuẩn Full HD và chơi game mạnh khá tốt.. Những tiện ích của Oppo R7 Lite. Oppo R7 Lite có các kết nối hữu ích hiện nay như mạng 4G cho tốc độ lên mạng nhanh chóng, bạn có thể tùy chọn sử dụng 1 sim cùng 1 thẻ nhớ hoặc sử dụng song song 2 sim cùng một lúc với nhau.. Cho bạn tùy chọn hoặc dùng một lúc 2 sim hoặc 1 sim và 1 thẻ nhớ. Mang trong mình thiết kế đẹp, độ mỏng tinh tế, nhiều chức năng của máy hấp dẫn với nhiều đối tượng người sử dụng, Oppo R7 Lite chắc chắn sẽ là một sự ưu tiên trong lựa chọn của bạn.. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Tai nghe chụp tai Kanen IP-350. Thẻ nhớ Micro SD 16 GB Class 10. Pin sạc dự phòng 6.000 mAh Xmobile Y222. Dây cáp Micro USB 0.2 m Xmobile MU03. Miếng dán màn hình GOS cho điện thoại 5 inch trở xuống. Phụ kiện dành cho OPPO R7 Lite. Bình luận mới vừa được thêm vào. 8.946 bình luận Xem bình luận kỹ thuật. Oppo r7 hổ trợ thẻ nhớ ngoài bao nhiêu gb vậy ad. Dạ sản phẩm hỗ trợ thẻ nhớ tối đá 128Gb bạn nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Tống Bình phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. R7 rite vs f1w man hinh nhu nhau hak. Chào anh, Dạ như nhau anh nói ý là sao anh ơi, là tỷ lệ màn hình hay là màn hình bao nhiêu inch.. anh ơi, vui lòng thông tin lại rõ hơn rồi siêu thị bên em sẽ hỗ trợ nhé Mong phản hồi từ anh.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Đăng Dương phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Đăng Dương: y la man hinh thiet ke nhu nhau luon ha. Rất tiếc nhà sản xuất không cung cấp thông tin thiết kế màn hình các điện thoại nên chưa có thông tin hỗ trợ. Bạn vui lòng liên hệ trung tâm bảo hành Oppo. để các bạn kiểm tra và thông tin chính xác cho bạn nha. Mong bạn thông cảm cho sự bất tiện này.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thanh Khiêm phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Điện thoại này còn hàng không vậy. Rất tiếc bên em hiện không kinh doanh sản phẩm nên không còn hàng anh nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Bảo Quyên phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Oppo r7 và f1s con nào hiệu năng tốt hơn ạ. Chào bạn, xin lỗi đã để bạn đợi lâu nhé. OPPO F1S có điểm antutu khoảng. 41714 điểm, nên hiệu năng có thể cao hơn so với máy. Oppo r7 có điểm antutu khoảng. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 5 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Phúc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Lời r7 và f1s thì hiệu năng và chụp ảnh con nào tốt hơn ạ. OPPO F1s là điện thoại cho khả năng chụp ảnh sắc nét và làm đẹp tốt hơn bạn nhé.. OPPO F1s dùng RAM 3GB cho hiệu năng mạnh hơn 1 chút nhé bạn.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 5 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Đạt phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Cho mình hỏi oppo r7 lite có mấy sim vậy. Chào chị, Điện thoại OPPO R7 Lite hỗ trợ 2 sim. Nano SIM và Micro SIM ạ. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 9 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Lan Hương phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. oppo r7 âm thanh tốt k, với màn hình điện thoạt sát nét k ???. Chào bạn, Dạ âm thanh loa ngoài của máy khá tốt, còn màn hình hình sát sẽ thấy rỗ chữ không được nét bạn nhé, còn khảng cách nhìn bình thường thì có thể chập nhận được đó ạ. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 22 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Gia Thắng phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. oppo r7 trung bình thì pin xài được bao lâu ??. Chào bạn, Oppo R7 có thời gian dùng pin liên tục khoản 2-3h bạn nha, tùy ứng dụng cũng như các chức năng đang bật nữa nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 23 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Tống Bình phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. oppo r7 xài lâu có bị giật lag không ạ ??. Theo mình thấy thì các dòng máy sử dụng hệ điều hành, dùng một thời gian có thể xảy ra chậm, lag. Các nguyên nhân ảnh hưởng đến máy là: - Nguyên nhân thứ nhất do trong quá trình hoạt động, hệ điều hành trên máy tạo nên nhiều File rác, bạn cần khôi phục máy lại sau khoảng 3 hoặc 6 tháng sử dụng để máy luôn ổn định. - Nguyên nhân thứ 2 do các phần mềm ngày càng đòi hỏi phần cứng mạnh mẽ hơn, trong khi phần cứng máy là điều không thể thay đổi, do đó dẫn đến tình trạng máy hoạt động chậm... Theo mình thấy thì các dòng máy sử dụng hệ điều hành, dùng một thời gian có thể xảy ra chậm, lag. Các nguyên nhân ảnh hưởng đến máy là: - Nguyên nhân thứ nhất do trong quá trình hoạt động, hệ điều hành trên máy tạo nên nhiều File rác, bạn cần khôi phục máy lại sau khoảng 3 hoặc 6 tháng sử dụng để máy luôn ổn định. - Nguyên nhân thứ 2 do các phần mềm ngày càng đòi hỏi phần cứng mạnh mẽ hơn, trong khi phần cứng máy là điều không thể thay đổi, do đó dẫn đến tình trạng máy hoạt động chậm sau 1 thời gian dùng mặc dù vẫn khôi phục đều đặn bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 23 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Phúc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. oppo r7 chơi game có mượt không ạ. Trường hợp này tùy thuộc theo cấu hình game yêu cầu, nên nếu game yêu cầu cấu hình cao hơn máy đang có thì khi chơi game có thể xảy ra giật lag bạn nhé Thân chào bạn!. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 23 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Phúc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Màn hình: Hệ điều hành: Camera sau: Camera trước: CPU: RAM: Bộ nhớ trong: Thẻ SIM: Dung lượng pin:. AMOLED , 5", AMOLED 16 triệu màu. Nano SIM & Micro SIM, Hỗ trợ 4G. HOT Mua sim 4G Viettel (2GB data/tháng). Thông số kỹ thuật chi tiết OPPO R7 Lite. Hướng dẫn về OPPO R7 Lite. Hard reset trên máy Oppo R7 Lite. Hướng dẫn kết nối với máy tính trên máy Oppo R7 Lite. Xóa bộ nhớ đệm, xóa ứng dụng trên máy Oppo R7 Lite. Tin tức về OPPO R7 Lite. OPPO R7 Lite vs Xperia M4 Aqua LTE: Ai "ngon" hơn tầm giá 5 triệu?. Tổng hợp review tuần: Xperia X lên ngôi, Galaxy J5, J7 2016 gây ấn tượng mạnh. Top 3 smartphone có giá giảm mạnh nhất tuần qua (23/4/2016). OPPO R7 Lite siêu mỏng với camera 8/13 MP, hỗ trợ 4G giảm giá sâu. Top 4 smartphone thiết kế mỏng đẹp thời trang, đáng sắm để du Xuân. Xem tất cả các tin liên quan. Tìm hiểu về mua trả góp. Đăng ký cho thuê mặt bằng. Giới thiệu công ty (mwg.vn). Tìm siêu thị (1747 shop). Gọi mua hàng 1800.1060 (7:30 - 22:00). Gọi khiếu nại 1800.1062 (8:00 - 21:30). Gọi bảo hành 1800.1064 (8:00 - 21:00). Hỗ trợ kỹ thuật 1800.1763 (7:30 - 22:00). Công ty cổ phần Thế Giới Di Động. GPDKKD: 0303217354 do sở KH & ĐT TP.HCM cấp ngày 02/01/2007. GP số 22/GP-ICP-STTTT do Sở TTTT TP HCM cấp ngày 20/03/2012.. Địa chỉ: 128 Trần Quang Khải, P. Tân Định, Q.1, TP.Hồ Chí Minh. Chịu trách nhiệm nội dung: Huỳnh Văn Tốt. Xem chính sách sử dụng web. Đang xử lý, vui lòng đợi trong giây lát.... 
Listed Price : 17,850. Full Specifications of Oppo R7 Lite. 4G Network Technology LTE Bands 1/3/5/7/8/TD-40. Display Technology Super AMOLED display,16 M Colors,Gorilla Glass 3 Support for Gloved and Wet Touch Input. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Size (L by B by T) 143x71x6.3mm. Oppo R7 Lite, R7 Plus launched in India, prices start from Rs 17,990: Specifications, features. Oppo R7 Lite Reviews in India. Oppo R7 Lite Features & Specs. Oppo R7 Lite Vs Oppo F1. Oppo R7 Lite Vs Oppo A37. Oppo R7 Lite Vs Oppo R7. 19,990 Buy Now. Oppo R7 Lite is a Smart Phone Powered by ColorOS 2.1, Android 5.1 and 13 MP Auto Focus Camera.. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Ritesh Bendre on Sep 02, 2015 06:59 PM. has launched two new smartphones in its ‘R’ .... Write a Review on Oppo R7 Lite. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
The next video is starting stop. Oppo R7 Lite | Oppo Mobile | Full DETIAL | What Mobile. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Oppo R7 Lite | Oppo Mobile | Full DETIAL | What Mobile Whats New OPPO R7 Lite - Lighten Up your Life! OPPO introduces performance with slim R7 Lite, a phone packed with 5.0 inch AMOLED capacitive screen, protected by Gorilla Glass 3 that can highlight every single detail of images displayed on its screen. The new OPPO R7 Lite is equipped with two Quad-Core Processors of 1.5GHz and 1.0GHz each that run the amazing Color user interface version 2.1, allowing the handheld to respond as quickly as possible. OPPO's R7 Lite is said to be powerfully smart as it comes in a slender design of 6.3mm thickness. To keep the product slim, a non-removable battery is also introduced in OPPO R7 Lite's architecture which holds a capacity of 2320 mAh giving it a talk time of over a day on average use and standby of over a week. Thanks to its fast charging feature, it charges up-to 75% in just 30 minutes. R7 Lite by OPPO comes with one Micro-SIM slot and second Nano SIM slot is also there that can perform as a Micro-SD slot when required. Internal storage capacity is of 16GB so that you can save as much as you want on OPPO Lite. Back camera bearing 13 megapixel Schneider-Kreuznach optics allows it to capture moments at their very best and another secondary camera allows OPPO R7's Lite to capture and make very best of video calls on 3G and 4G networks, without any compromise on quality. The phone provides multi band LTE support for all the regions and OPPO R7 Lite also comes with downgrade support for 3G and edge as well if 4G is not available. USB Host, Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot and phase detection camera feature enhance R7 Lite's productivity and with USB Host feature, you can stay use your phone with multiple accessories on the go.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Oppo F5 | Oppo Mobile | Full DETIAL | What Mobile. Oppo TOP 5 Mobiles Between 10000 to 20000 in india. Oppo R7 Lite Review with Overview, Camera, Gaming Benchmark Test. Oppo R7 Lite Specs & Features. OPPO R7 Borderless Phone Disassembly Evaluation. Oppo R7 Lite Review and Camera Demo. Oppo R7 Lite Hands-on Overview with First Impressions. Top 17 Features of the Oppo R7. [Hindi] First Impression Of OPPO R7 Lite. OPPO R7 Lite : Notification & Toggles. Oppo R7 Lite Unboxing and Hands On. Oppo R7 Review: Thin and Light Done Right. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home / Oppo Mobile Price in Bangladesh / Oppo R7 Lite. Price in Bangladesh: 24,900 Tk. Battery Type & Performance Lithium-Polymer 2320 mAh. Body & Weight 143 x 71 x 6.3 millimeter, 147 grams. Camera Factors (Back) 4128 x 3096 pixels, Autofocus, LED flash, Schneider-Kreuznach optics, auto phase & face detection, panorama mode, HDR. Display Size & Resolution 5.0 inches, HD 1280 x 720 pixels (294 ppi). Display Type AMOLED Touchscreen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. Graphics processing unit (GPU) Adreno 405. Memory Card Slot MicroSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Operating System Android Lollipop v5.1 (Color OS 2.1). Processor Octa-core, 1.5 GHz, 1.0 GHz. SIM Card Type Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Wireless LAN Yes, WLAN Hotspot, WiFi Direct. Special Features - Fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min. Other Features - Bluetooth, GPS, A-GPS, MP3, MP4, Radio, GPRS, Edge, Multitouch, Loudspeaker. Price in Bangladesh: 24,900 Tk. Battery Type & Performance Lithium-Polymer 2320 mAh. Body & Weight 143 x 71 x 6.3 millimeter, 147 grams. Camera Factors (Back) 4128 x 3096 pixels, Autofocus, LED flash, Schneider-Kreuznach optics, auto phase & face detection, panorama mode, HDR. Display Size & Resolution 5.0 inches, HD 1280 x 720 pixels (294 ppi). Display Type AMOLED Touchscreen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. Graphics processing unit (GPU) Adreno 405. Memory Card Slot MicroSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Operating System Android Lollipop v5.1 (Color OS 2.1). Processor Octa-core, 1.5 GHz, 1.0 GHz. SIM Card Type Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Wireless LAN Yes, WLAN Hotspot, WiFi Direct. Special Features - Fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min. Other Features - Bluetooth, GPS, A-GPS, MP3, MP4, Radio, GPRS, Edge, Multitouch, Loudspeaker. Oppo R7 Lite Rating by MobileDokan. The high end Oppo R7 has received decent response from the market so far. But for the people of Bangladesh or developing countries in general R7 is quite pricey thus, hard to gain success. Reflecting on that, Oppo brought Oppo R7 Lite with a balance of price, standard and premium features. Comparing to the price, R7 Lite is offering some strong features that can make it your first choice if you are looking for something in this budget range. R7 Lite is ideal for mobile photography, selfie, gaming, multitasking and net surfing. The battery is decent with fast charging technology. AMOLED display with third generation gorilla glass is another plus. Only ordinary thing in this phone from our point of view is the design. Very ordinary looking in the front but it is very thin as well. So, it should be comfortable in the hand.. User Rating: 3.98 ( 57 votes). Oppo R7 Lite Rating by MobileDokan. The high end Oppo R7 has received decent response from the market so far. But for the people of Bangladesh or developing countries in general R7 is quite pricey thus, hard to gain success. Reflecting on that, Oppo brought Oppo R7 Lite with a balance of price, standard and premium features. Comparing to the price, R7 Lite is offering some strong features that can make it your first choice if you are looking for something in this budget range. R7 Lite is ideal for mobile photography, selfie, gaming, multitasking and net surfing. The battery is decent with fast charging technology. AMOLED display with third generation gorilla glass is another plus. Only ordinary thing in this phone from our point of view is the design. Very ordinary looking in the front but it is very thin as well. So, it should be comfortable in the hand.. User Rating: 3.98 ( 57 votes). Related Devices and Prices in Bangladesh Oppo R7 36,000 Tk. Oppo Mirror 5 19,500 Tk. Oppo Mirror 3 19,500 Tk. Oppo Neo 5 15,000 Tk. Sony Xperia C4 Dual 26,900 Tk. Samsung Galaxy J7 21,900 Tk. Huawei P8 Lite 22,490 Tk. Oppo F1s New Edition 23,900 Tk. Helio S25 21,990 Tk. Oppo F5 Youth 21,990 Tk.. Oppo Mobile Price in Bangladesh Android Mobile Price in Bangladesh , Price: BDT 20001 to 30000 , Smartphone Price in Bangladesh. Samsung Galaxy A8 Walton Primo RX4. November 3, 2015 at 11:31 am. I bought it ..god knows how ling time it serve.. November 3, 2015 at 11:26 am. September 12, 2015 at 11:50 am. OppO R7 Lite is availble at ZS. Free Booking with Gift is available now…….. Mirpur Shah Ali Market Mirpur 10. Asus Zen Series, HTC, Walton, Huawie Also Availble here with special discount. September 29, 2015 at 9:27 pm. September 10, 2015 at 1:32 am. Back glass thakla ami kentam. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. We do not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% accurate and up-to-date.. © 2013-2018 mobiledokan.com - All rights reserved. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Oppo / Oppo R7 Lite Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 6.6 Expert Score 3.3 15 Ratings 2 Questions & Answers. The device has a 5-inch HD screen with 1280x720 pixels screen resolution. Latest variants of this phone are. The smartphone has a 13. MP rear camera with LED. flash and an 8. It is powered by a octa-core Snapdragon 615 processor paired with 2GB RAM. It has 16GB internal storage which can be expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth 4.0 and a microUSB 2.0 port. The smartphone is powered by a Li-Ion 2,320mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 13,800. Key Specifications Snapdragon 615 processor 2GB RAM 16GB internal storage 2320 mAh battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 8 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro SIM) Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop). Oppo R7 Lite Price in India. Oppo R7 Lite Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Oppo R7 Lite is at Amazon. R7 Lite is not available in other online stores.. Oppo R7 Lite: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff Dual SIM support Decent imaging sensors Small and compact Bad Stuff Limited internal storage Poor battery life. After launching the R7 and the R7 Plus, Oppo has introduced an affordable variant in the form of R7 Lite.. The Oppo R7 Lite features a 5-inch HD AMOLED display with good viewing angles. The screen can be viewed easily even while outdoors. To protect your screen from scratches, the display comes with a coating of Corning's Gorilla Glass 3.. Under the hood, it is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 SoC that ensures smooth sailing. Also, the device includes 2GB of RAM that will allow users to access multiple apps at the same time. In terms of storage, there is 16GB of internal storage which can further be expanded using a microSD card using the Hybrid SIM slot.. You can click images and record videos in both indoor and outdoor environments. Images also look great in dull light thanks to the presence of LED flash. For video calling, there is an 8-megapixel front-facing camera which can also be used for taking selfies.. The smartphone is backed by a Li-Ion 2,320 mAh cell, which keeps the device functioning for an entire day with moderate usage. Connectivity options apart from two SIM slots include 4G , Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth 4.0 and a microUSB 2.0 port.. The Oppo R7 Lite runs ColorOS 2.1 based on Android 5.1 Lollipop and is 6.3 mm thick. It is available in silver and gold colour variants and weighs a hefty 147 grams.. Oppo R7 Lite Specifications Display Display Type AMOLED Resolution 720x1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 294 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 67.9 % Design and Build Dimensions 5.6 x 2.8 x 0.2 inches Weight 147 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) Camera Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 8 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Po Capacity 2320 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 Wi-Fi Yes with Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Variant Snapdragon 615 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8939 Frequency 1.5 GHz (Quad Core) + 1.0 GHz (Quad Core) GPU Adreno 405 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Does it have a front flash?. No, it doesn't have a front flash.. Does it have a fingerprint sensor?. No, it doesn't have a fingerprint sensor.. How is the battery life of this phone?. This question has no answers yet. User Reviews of Oppo R7 Lite. 1 Ratings 1 Reviews. 5 0. 4 1. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Oppo mobile price list in India. Moto G5S Plus price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime price in India (Rs. Vivo V5 price in India (Rs. Vivo Y69 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Oppo R7 Lite. Oppo R7 Lite Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Oppo R7 Lite was obtained on 26th February 2018 14:56:36 The Oppo R7 Lite is available in Amazon The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Oppo R7 Lite online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Oppo R7 Lite is available in Gold colours across various online stores in India.. Oppo R7 Lite Price in India is Rs. 13,800 as on 26th February 2018 14:56:36. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices OPPO OPPO R7 lite. OPPO R7 lite Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Stylish phone that gives you pride, none other than OPPO R7 lite. This phone gives you everlasting experience of technology and style. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - Global, Philippines. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900),. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600),. 143 x 71 x 6.3 mm (5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 in). Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0. microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels, Schneider-Kreuznach. optics, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama,. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. - Fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. One of my social occasion mate is a kick the pail heart admirer of Oppo and he has used for all intents and purposes each adjustment of Oppo R7 lite course of action models. By and by a days he is using Oppo R7 lite.. My daddy is having this mobile phone as my senior sibling skilled her this phone on her birthday. My dad was so upbeat to have it. He said that this telephone is truly adorable.. Oppo R7 Lite makes my life really cool and good what I exactly need because now I don’t have a stuck problem in my smartphone which is all I want. Oppo R7 lite is a very good mobile phone as one of my friend is using this mobile phone for many time and it is still in its best situation that he can sell it at a very good price.. Its looing totally gorgeous that has the beat warranty that I never have seen before with the good ability to face the any heavy software without any hanging of oppo r7. There you can get the any mobile full information with their actual price which you never find that form the another site and now we have the oppo r7 lite mobile updated information available. OPPO R7 lite Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Stylish phone that gives you pride, none other than OPPO R7 lite. This phone gives you everlasting experience of technology and style. The display comes with 5 inches decent screen size of AMOLED Multi touch screen that is pretty enough to enjoy watching videos/ movies, playing games, and chatting with ease. The resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels is there in Oppo R7 Lite for allowing you to enjoy brighter and clearer vision on screen. The videos on this screen will give you high quality result at a good price. The new Oppo R7 Lite features 2 GB RAM and Quad core processor which is pretty decent for running various apps simultaneously. It gives you faster functioning of applications, faster loading of internet page, and assists smooth playing of games which is a big addition to the phone world. The device is running on Android v5.1 Lollipop OS so definitely you will get a perfect Android experience. There is a 16 GB internal memory installed inside the OPPO R7 lite and if you think this memory is not enough then you can avail the micro SD card slot that can extend your memory up to 256 GB. You can now store more pictures, videos, and messages in your phone without any trouble. No need of any portable drive worth thousands when now you can save your important data on the phone itself without an worry of the data loss. Camera of 13 MP at the back is there in your R7 Lite along with features like phase detection, auto focus, and LED Flash for making your pictures high quality and more vibrant. You can record videos of 1080p resolution that gives you amazing quality that you love to have. The 8 MP front snapper in your OPPO R7 lite is enough for taking selfies and video calling. You can live stream and browse internet at high speed using your 3G/ 4G LTE internet. Nothing can be better than high speed internet that makes you cruise with your daily activities. The connectivity features of this phone encompass the WIFI, Bluetooth, GPS, and USB-support etc. They can be used effectively to transfer the data between the devices without any need of cable also they can help in navigation while riding a car by GPS. The decent 2320 mAh battery life of Oppo R7 Lite is simply outstanding as you can utilize it for talking for hours and gossiping with friends. The phone doesn’t have the finger print sensor to secure the data but still the phone has accelerometer and proximity sensors to give you flexible usage while multi-tasking. The phone is dual SIM integrated therefore; you can use two different SIM cards with ease. The OPPO R7 lite price in Pakistan is high and competitive for users.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. BT-10 - Sport Wireless Blue .. Selfie Stick with 3 in 1 Mo .. Pack of 2 - Silicone Jelly .. Pack of 2 - Leather Soft Ca .. Earphone With Mic - Black - .. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Oppo R7 Lite Express Review: Premium build, good performance but. Oppo R7 Lite comes with good looks and a strong performance, but it demands a premium price that many will see as far too high.. Technology Tech Reviews Oppo R7 Lite Express Review: Premium build, good performance but. Rating: 4 out of 5. Oppo R7 Lite will delight you with its design. It is sleek, sturdy and offers a comfortable grip. Overall, the Oppo R7 Lite will surely impress any buyer. The Color OS interface is quite friendly and has everything a user might need to get started. While the display is at par with other smartphones with same specifications Oppo could have really pushed it further to 1080p Full HD.. Updated: October 15, 2015 4:18 pm. Oppo A71 (2018) with Snapdragon 450 SoC, 3GB RAM launched in India: Price,. specifications Valentine’s Day 2018: OnePlus 5T to Vivo V7+, here’s a list of ‘Red’ phones Xiaomi, Huawei and Oppo become top 5 global smartphone brands after India. Oppo has been trying to get a hold of the Indian smartphone market for quite sometime now and it has succeeded in carving out its strongholds. The Oppo R7 Lite is its latest attempt to attract sales in the mid-range segment. The R7 Lite is just a stripped down version of the premium R7 Plus.. Oppo smartphones are known for their design and premium build and R7 Lite stands up to this. Unlike its Chinese competitors, Oppo has refrained from joining the price war in the budget smartphone segment and has maintained that “good products come at a price.”. So, is the Oppo R7 Lite that good to justify its price tag? Here is the review.. Watch video: (App users click here ). Oppo R7 Lite will delight you with its sleek, sturdy design which also offers a comfortable grip. While the R7 Lite might be among the slimmest phones, it is definitely not among the lightest. The rear camera protrudes a bit which might attract scratches, something Oppo had to trade off for slimness.. Under the hood, the R7 Lite is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 SoC with 2GB RAM. The specs sheet of R7 Lite boasts about performance and it delivers. On the software front, the device runs Android Lollipop with Color OS skin.. Specs: 5-inch 720p Super AMOLED display | Android Lollipop with Color OS | 1.3Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 CPU | 2GB RAM | 16GB ROM (expandable via microSD card) | 13MP rear camera with LED Flash | 8MP front camera | Dual SIM | 4G support on both slots | 2,320 mAh battery. Overall, the Oppo R7 Lite will impress any buyer. The Color OS interface is quite friendly and has everything a user might need to get started. As mentioned, the killer looks of the smartphone make it something to really fall for.. The camera quality is decent but low light photography might disappoint you. The multimedia experience is also decent, although nothing exceptional given the price.. One of the major highlights of this device is the battery life. The device will easily last you over a day. I managed to get around two days with WiFi usage during office hours.. While the display is at par with other smartphones with same specifications Oppo could have really pushed it further to 1080p Full HD. Also, sunlight visibility is not up to mark. A good thing about the display is there is an ‘eye protect’ mode which makes reading on the device comfortable. The R7 Lite is, of course, over priced.. The nearest overall competitor would be the Xiaomi Mi 4i which is around Rs 6,000 cheaper. Oppo could have added a few extras like water-resistance or may be a fingerprint scanner. At a price of Rs 17,990, it falls behind the Moto X Play, OnePlus One and Xiaomi Mi 4i, with the R7 Lite’s design being the only different point.. If you are willing to pay extra for getting a premium experience in the mid-range segment then go ahead and buy it. But if you are into a strict price versus specs comparison, the Oppo R7 Lite will not interest you much. All said, the Oppo R7 is a promising smartphone.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Oppo A71 (2018) with AI Beauty Recognition technology launched: Features and. Huawei leads Chinese smartphone market, Oppo second:. Dec 8, 2015 at 4:35 am. Watch Oppo R7 Lite Unboxing And Review Video. Dec 28, 2015 at 12:40 pm. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral 4 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them. Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Bhaichung Bhutia resigns from Trinamool Congress membership Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. R Ashwin to lead Kings XI Punjab in IPL. 2018 Sourav Ganguly ignored Ian Chappell, Sunil Gavaskar’s warnings before appointing Greg Chappell as India. coach J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free. him ONGC says KG-D5 output delay due to policy. changes Government has vision to turn Maharashtra into 1-trillion dollar economy, says Governor Vidyasagar. Aftab Shivdasani nostalgic over ‘Mast’ memories. Temporary tattoo, but memories of a lifetime for Sidharth. Coolpad Note 3 Lite #ExpressReview: Redefines the budget. benchmark Intex LED-5010 FHD TV review: This 48-inch LED TV is a budget. delight Samsung Galaxy TabPro S coming to India in April; will challenge Surface Pro 4, iPad. Debashis Sarkar Debashis Sarkar writes on personal and enterprise technology.. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Home › Oppo › R7 Lite Oppo R7 Lite - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Oppo R7 Lite List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Oppo R7 Lite Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 71 x 143 x 6.3 mm Weight : 147 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 CPU : 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 405, 550 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 800 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, AMOLED, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2320 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : ColorOS 2.1 (Android 5.1 Lollipop) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Oppo Model R7 Lite Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 71 mm (millimeters) 7.1 cm (centimeters) 0.23 ft (feet) 2.8 in (inches) Height 143 mm (millimeters) 14.3 cm (centimeters) 0.47 ft (feet) 5.63 in (inches) Thickness 6.3 mm (millimeters) 0.63 cm (centimeters) 0.02 ft (feet) 0.25 in (inches) Weight 147 g (grams) 0.32 lbs (pounds) 5.19 oz (ounces) Volume 63.96 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 3.88 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Silver Gold Body materials Metal SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 850 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) ColorOS 2.1 (Android 5.1 Lollipop) System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8 Level 0 cache memory (L0) 4 KB + 4 KB (kilobytes) Level 1 cache memory (L1) 16 KB + 16 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 2048 KB (kilobytes) 2 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1500 MHz (megahertz) GPU Qualcomm Adreno 405 GPU frequency 550 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 800 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology AMOLED Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 441 ppi (pixels per inch) 173 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 68.1 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 3 2.5D curved glass screen Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor model Samsung S5K3M2 Sensor type ISOCELL Sensor size 4.69 x 3.52 mm (millimeters) 0.23 in (inches) Pixel size 1.127 µm (micrometers) 0.001127 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 7.38 Aperture f/2.2 Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Phase detection Schneider-Kreuznach optics Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor model OmniVision OV8858 Sensor type CMOS BSI 2 (backside illumination 2) Sensor size 3.68 x 2.77 mm (millimeters) 0.18 in (inches) Pixel size 1.127 µm (micrometers) 0.001127 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 9.4 Aperture f/2.4 Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Host Mass storage On-The-Go Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) M4A (MPEG-4 Audio, .m4a) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2320 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Features Fast charging Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. Some processors have a level 0 cache memory, which is accessed quicker than the L1, L2, L3, and so one cache memories. Besides achieving better performance, it also consumes less power.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 71 x 143 x 6.3 mm Weight : 147 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 CPU : 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 405, 550 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 800 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, AMOLED, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2320 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : ColorOS 2.1 (Android 5.1 Lollipop) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
How to Root the Oppo R7 Lite. How to Root the Oppo R7 lite. Flashing a Custom Recovery on the. You are here: How To's » Android How To's » Oppo How To's » How to Root the Oppo R7 Lite. Before You Begin How to Root the Oppo R7 lite II. Flashing a Custom Recovery on the. Seeing a number of root guides for the other R7 devices from Oppo but not seeing one for your R7 Lite will probably make you feel a little low, but you shouldn’t worry as there’s always something being cooked in the Android world and this time it’s a root method for your own. Yes, root access has been achieved on the. Oppo R7 Lite along with a custom recovery and that should now let you do tons of things on your device. From uninstalling system apps to going as far as to just getting rid of the stock ROM on your device, you have the power to make all the changes you want on your device.. In order to do any of the aforementioned tasks, you need root, and here’s how you can get it on your. This could void the warranty of your device. We won’t be held responsible for anything that happens from doing this tutorial so please proceed at your own risk.. You must have a Windows based PC in order to do this procedure.. You should have Universal ADB drivers installed on your Windows PC. Install them if they aren’t already.. This should also flash a custom recovery on your device.. You should only do this on a Oppo R7 Lite (R7kf) device.. To root and flash a custom recovery on the device, you’ll use an app that will gain root and then you’ll use fastboot to flash the recovery. Here’s how you can do that:. Download Fastboot and save it to your desktop.. Download Oppo Tools APK and save it to your desktop.. Oppo Tools APK (Download link’s given in the first post). Download Custom Recovery and save it to your desktop.. Custom Recovery (Download link’s given at the bottom of the page). Connect your device to your PC using a USB cable.. Copy Oppo Tools APK from your desktop over to the internal SD card storage on your device.. When the APK’s copied, disconnect your device from your PC.. Head to Menu > Settings > Security and turn on Unknown sources.. Launch File Manager and tap on Oppo Tools APK to install the app on your device.. When the app’s installed, launch it from your app drawer.. Tap on the Common tab in the app.. Tap on the One Key Root button.. The app should begin rooting your device and you need to reboot your device once it’s rooted.. Root access has been successfully achieved on your. Oppo R7 Lite, and here’s how you can go about flashing a custom recovery on your device:. Extract files from Fastboot over to your desktop by right-clicking on it and selecting Extract here.. Head to Menu > Settings > About phone on your device and tap on Build number for 7-8 times and it’ll say you’re a developer. It means it has unlocked the developer menu on your device.. Head to the unlocked menu at Menu > Settings > Developer options and turn on the option that says USB debugging.. Plug in your device to your PC using a USB cable.. Open a command prompt window on your desktop by holding down Shift and right-clicking anywhere on the screen and selecting Open command window here.. When the command prompt window opens, type in the following command and press Enter:. Your device should reboot into bootloader mode.. Next up, type in the following command and hit Enter. Make sure to replace recovery.img with the actual name of the recovery image you have downloaded on your PC.. It should start flashing the recovery on your device. When it’s done flashing recovery, reboot your device using the following command:. A custom recovery has been successfully flashed on your. Oppo R7 Lite and you can start using it right away to flash a custom ROM or to fully backup your device, whatever that you wish to do with a custom recovery.. Now that your device is rooted and has a custom recovery, we suggest you to check out our huge collection of the custom ROMs for Android devices so that you can find and flash a nice ROM and enjoy its features on your device.. Join 90k others & subscribe to my weekly, not annoying newsletter for more tech!. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus (Complete Walkthrough) (Video). Huawei Matebook X Pro (Complete Walkthrough) (Video). The Best Bluetooth Mechanical Keyboard You Can Buy (Video). How to Cancel App Subscriptions on the iPhone. How to root oppo R7 lite kf. my R7 lite won’t reboot after many attempts of commands..any suggestion to fix this?. It’ll be better of you include video tutorial on YouTube. I'm David and I started this tech blog back in 2009 as a place to write down my thoughts on the crazy tech industry, talk about the latest gadgets coming out, as well as put down some tips and tricks to help others out with the tech they use every day.. Crazily, the site now has over 500k people on it sharing their love of tech every month! Nerd out with us, won't you?. Feel free to head here for some of my most popular posts and to learn more about me , this site and my YouTube channel .. Hope you enjoy it and don't hesitate to reach out in the comments, or on social --always love hearing from you guys.. How to Make Your iPhone Light Up Like a Macbook. Made In Pursuit of the Love of Learning, Teaching, & Tech | Designed and Coded by Me. Feel free to learn more About me, Contact me if you need to, and ask to Advertise on the site if you think you're a good fit.. Privacy Policy , Terms of Service , Returns and Exchanges , Become an Affiliate , Advertising Policy , Media Kit. Copyright Expound Media, LLC 2017 All Rights Reserved. 
News Oppo R7 Lite, R7 Plus launched in India, prices start from Rs 17,990: Specifications, features. Oppo R7 Lite, R7 Plus launched in India, prices start from Rs 17,990: Specifications, features. On the camera front, the Oppo R7 Lite sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a front-facing 8-megapixel camera. The handset packs a 2,320mAh battery, and comes with connectivity options. Updated: September 2, 2015 6:59 PM IST. has launched two new smartphones in its ‘R’ series, called the R7 Lite and the R7 Plus. Priced at Rs 17,990 and Rs 29,990, respectively, the R7 Lite is expected to go on sale from. September 10, whereas the R7 Plus is expected to be available from. look similar in terms of design. The metal unibody chassis adds to their premium look and feel.. Oppo R7 Lite specifications and features:. The smartphone flaunts a 5.2-inch HD (1280×720 pixels) AMOLED display and is powered by a 1.3GHz Snapdragon 615 octa-core processor paired with 2GB of RAM. It comes with 16GB of onboard storage and is also equipped with microSD card slot for further expansion.. On the camera front, the Oppo R7 Lite sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a front-facing 8-megapixel camera. The handset packs a 2,320mAh battery, and comes with connectivity options like dual-SIM card slots (nano SIM and micro SIM), 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi ac, Bluetooth, USB OTG and GPS.. On the software front, it runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop OS with ColorOS 2.1 running on top. The Oppo R7 Lite also comes with support for fast-charging.. Oppo R7 Plus specifications and features:. The smartphone flaunts a 6-inch full HD (1080×1920 pixels) AMOLED 2.5D display protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. It is powered by 1.5GHz Snapdragon 615 octa-core processor paired with 3GB of RAM. It comes with 16GB of onboard storage and is also equipped with microSD card slot for further expansion.. On the camera front, the Oppo R7 Plus sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual LED flash, laser auto-focus and a front-facing 8-megapixel camera. The handset also packs a 4,100mAh battery with fast-charging support.. Connectivity options include dual-SIM card slots (nano SIM and micro SIM), 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi ac, Bluetooth, USB OTG and GPS. On the software front, it runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop OS with ColorOS 2.1 running on top. The Oppo R7 Plus also comes with a fingerprint sensor that is located at the back, just below the dual LED flash.. Published Date: September 2, 2015 6:02 PM IST. Updated Date: September 2, 2015 6:59 PM IST. Oppo Oppo R7 Lite Oppo R7 Plus. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9 launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. Oppo Oppo R7 Lite Oppo R7 Plus. Vivo's Apex concept smartphone gets rid of bezels almost entirely. Indian smartphone vendors suffer as Chinese players gobble up share. Mobile manufacturers to invest around Rs 6,000 crore to increase localization of components: Report. OPPO launches A71(3GB) with AI technology at Rs 9,990. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: सोनी ने लॉन्च किया Xperia Ear Duo ईयरबड. वोडाफोन ने स्पेशल एडीशन के साथ पेश किया कैम्पस सरवाइवल किट. एप्पल iPhone X पर मिल रहा 20,000 रुपए का बायबैक आॅफर. Huawei P20 स्मार्टफोन की तस्वीर लीक, ऑल ब्लैक ग्लास डिजाईन में नजर आ रहा है एक शानदार डिवाइस. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
REVIEW OVERVIEW Display & Look Performance Battery Price Vs Device SUMMARY. OPPO R7 Lite Review (OPPO R7kf). Home Phone Reviews OPPO R7 Lite Review (OPPO R7kf). OPPO R7 Lite Review (The so called OPPO R7kf). Some fast specifications of OPPO R7 Lite:. 2 GB RAM, 16 GB ROM. Octacore 1.5 GHz, msm8916, Qualcomm Snapdragon615. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps4G: LTE CAT4 150/50 Mbps. 13 MP LED Flash Rear Camera, 8MP Front Camera. 5.01″, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 480 dpi. GPS, Google Search, Maps, YouTube, Calendar, accel power, mmc mag power, oem-orientation power, light power sensor, proximity sensor, etc. Display and GPU of OPPO R7 Lite Review:. Processor for OPPO R7 Lite Review:. OS in OPPO R7kf (OPPO R7 Lite Review):. Camera within OPPO R7 Lite Review:. Experiencing the external interface for OPPO R7kf Review (OPPO R7 Lite Review):. Experiencing the Internal Interface for OPPO R7kf (OPPO R7 Lite Review):. with standard apps for its performance:. Antutu’s approach in OPPO R7 Lite Review:. Vellamo’s slant in OPPO R7kf Review (OPPO R7 Lite Review):. CPU-Z’s Results for OPPO R7 Lite Review:. Checking the graphics with GPU Bench mark in OPPO R7 Lite Review:. Gaming Zone for OPPO R7 Lite Review (OPPO R7kf). OPPO has finally launched its last release in the R7 series in the name of OPPO R7 Lite, the device is launched after some disappointments, the price been one of the major issues. In our opinion, if you have to make space in the market and want to make a good total, all you have to do is to keep the price low and build quality smartphones that must have something unique and something special so that users may strive for it. OPPO R7 Lite Review or OPPO R7kf Review will guide you through the specs, details, cons and pros, features and much more.. is a slim, slender and trim device with the shape that matches exactly with the shape of OPPO R7. It has a better grip in the hand and once held in hand gets an extra grip. The perfect 13MP camera with one of the world’s best lens( Schneider Kreuznach ) is at the top edge on the left side and the 8MP front camera is present besides the earphone on the left that suites its beauty. The dimensions along with the weight are nearly the same as the dimensions of OPPO R7. No matter you are holding OPPO R7 or OPPO R7 Lite, you will observe the common taste.. OPPO R7 has 5 inches display. with GPU bench mark, it gets a total of 14,166 which is relatively better than that of OPPO R7 as you may watch in the OPPO R7 Review. The screen resolution score is also greater than the GPU score that proves the value of its display and takes OPPO R7kf Lite to the top level smartphones. The GPU is Adreno (TM) 405 Qualcomm. GPU Version is OpenGL ES 3.0, GPU Frequency is 220MHz~550MHz. The display resolutions are 1080*1920 along with. The screen supports up to 5 consecutive touches simultaneously. Consult the GPU Bench mark portion at the end of OPPO R7 Lite Review .. Better and value smartphones do need better and huge memory that can hold lot many and huge apps that do need huge memory. OPPO R7 Lite Review has 2 GB of RAM, 16 GB ROM that makes it a perfect device. OPPO R7kf (OPPO R7 Lite) also supports a memory card port that can be expanded up to 128GB with a microSD card. Scoring about 30 thousands with Antutu and making all the processes smooth and efficient is not only the work of an Octacore processor but is the Processor, RAM, ROM, Display and other specs in total.. OPPO R7 is powered with Qualcomm Snapdragon-615. processor with 1.5 GHz Octa-core speed. of 64-bit type with 8 cores. The frequency fluctuates in between 800.0~1497.6 MHz. The chip-set used is MSM16. The first 4 cores of the processor have frequency in between 800 MHz. as its low and 1497.6 MHz as its high. On the other hand, the last 4 cores behave different and have frequency of 800MHz as its low and 1113MHz as its high. This proves that the first cores have a speed of approximately 1.5MHz and the last 4 cores have an approximate speed of 1.1MHz.. Nearly all the smartphones in the R7 series supports 4G-LTE which includes OPPO R7, OPPO R7k and others and now as OPPO R7kf also has a Qualcomm’s Octa core processor so all a user can expect is that OPPO R7kf will also have 4G-LTE support and surely it has the latest and the fastest data access support. OPPO R7kf also supports Dual SIM with Dual SIM standby support. OPPO devices once plugged in with the USB cable to your PC have a builtin software that gets installed in your PC and whenever you connect your OPPO R7kf (OPPO R7 Lite) with your PC, it will be easy to go.. The device has an API Version 19. The Android OS version is 4.4.4 and as the processor is of the type 64-bit so it is easy to be changed to 5.0 (Lollipop) and higher.. The rear camera is 13. as shown in the Antutu which takes images with (4208*3120). The size of the image increases up to 7.70 MB in perfect daylight and with (5824*4368) pixels. Camera is guarded with a silver band around it and is supported with an LED Flash-light which looks small but works fine like the flash-light of iPhone, having small size with good results.. The front camera(selfie cam) is also better than many other smartphones and it is 8MP with (3264*2448) pixels. The selfie cam is also loaded with many options like normal and beauty options plus a cart is also introduced for more options to be purchased. This will enhance the worth of the camera.. OPPO R7kf is an adorable smartphone with a brand new look and easy grip that can fascinate anyone and can absorb anybody’s attraction with not only its specs but the shape and body as well. The box contains a 2 amp charger, USB cable, attractive and well beats earphones and a manual.. The end to end flat dimensions of OPPO R7kf are mentioned in the following four snaps that shows all sides of R7kf.. OPPO R7kf has a customized interface that looks cool and attractive from all angles. One won’t feel dizziness using OPPO R7 Lite(OPPO R7kf). for hours due to its sky blue, whitish and green interfaces. The icons are smooth and have well finished borders with its greater density per inch. The storage is mentioned in the third snapshot that shows the space occupied, space free and space captured by system files. The fourth snapshot shows the battery, its duration and percentage that is available. The battery power can be managed to work for long once the “Normal power saving” button is turned ON.. OPPO R7kf is a high end smartphone that needs to be bench marked with standard apps and tools to check for the power and performance of processor, RAM, ROM, GPU, Camera etc. The results along with the snapshots are given along each bench marking app, consult below.. Making a total of nearly 30 thousands with Antutu (a standard app internationally) that checks the performance of CPU, GPU and bench marks it with standard smartphones, keeps OPPO R7 Lite (OPPO R7kf). in the mid-end category with the above mentioned high end smartphones.. Checking with Qualcomm’s app, the so called Vellamo shows that OPPO R7 gets 985. points for its single core test , 1153. for its aggregated 8-cores and 2502. chrome , proving that the device is fast and efficient especially with the browser’s point of view that makes a place for itself under LGE LG G3.. CPU-Z is a system checking tool that checks for the specifications and for the hardware and software, including battery, sensors, CPU, OS and all other necessary things in a glance. The results for OPPO R7kf Review are shown in the following snapshots below.. has a powerful GPU chip of Qualcomm with. GPU Version is OpenGL ES 3.0, GPU Frequency is 220MHz~550MHz. The display resolutions are (1080*1920). The density per square inch pixels are 480dpi. Amazing part is the Screen normalized score that is much much greater than the acquired score with GPU Benchmark. The GPU score of OPPO R7kf has been compared with that of Huawei Honor 4C. The total score of GPU for Huawei Honor 4C is though better than OPPO R7 Lite. yet the screen normalized score of our OPPO R7kf is far more better that reveals that OPPO R7kf has a better display that Huawei Honor 4C .. A device with 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM and a super fast processor with 1.5 GHz speed and 8 cores of type 64 bit has the capacity that can run heavy apps and games with ease, efficiency, competence and effectiveness like OPPO R7 Lite. has been tested with the following games that feels no burden and can run heavy games efficiently.. OPPO R7 Lite Review shows that the device is a powerful device with an Octacore processor which is clocked at 1.5 GHz speed and is an efficient processor chip of Qualcomm which is energy economic as well as it doesn’t get heat with load. The powerful camera of 13MP as its capacity with one of the world’s best lens system been used for its rear camera that captures images with the object’s true colors. The front camera is also amazing with its 8MP strength.. OPPO are sober devices manufactured with the best materials, the OS, the display, the processor, the camera are simple been the best. The price is an issue for OPPO that matches somewhat with those of international well known brands like SAMSUNG and APPLE etc and OPPO has taken measures to tackle with this issue. The journey is though a cumbersome job in a webbed country like Pakistan yet OPPO is gradually rising with its smartphones smartly.. TAGS oppo Oppo R7 Oppo R7F R7kf R7kf Review. Previous article Mobicash Digitizing Movie Ticket Purchase with Mandviwalla Entertainment. Next article PTA Raides Illega Gateway Exchange in Islamabad. OPPO’s stunning new TVC for Pakistani market creates excitement for PSL. OPPO A83 Review – Perfect Selfie. Oppo A83 ‘Full View Display’ RS 25,899/- Detailed Urdu Review. Tony Chen, CEO of OPPO, Announces Partnership with Qualcomm in the 5G Pioneer Initiative and the Explore in Developed Markets. OPPO F5 Review + Camera & Gaming by Phoneworld. Huawei, OPPO and Vivo to Cut Down Smartphone Production by 10% in Q4 2017. OnePlus 5T 8GB ‘Full Display’ Detailed Urdu Review PKR 79,999/-. Oppo A83 ‘Full View Display’ RS 25,899/- Detailed Urdu Review. Oppo A83 Unboxing Smartphone Reviews by Phone World. Apple Repair Center Accidentally Called 911 about 1,600 Times in Four.... Samsung Collaborates with Disney to Bring Well-Known Characters to its AR.... Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+, Official Specs and Expected Price. Vivo Reveals APEX™ FullView™ Concept Smartphone. Samsung Launches Galaxy S9 to Compete with Apple iPhone X. Get Weekly PhoneWorld Updates. Your information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party.. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 03.56 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Success in India is based on studying, having a job...where’s the creativity, says Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Comparison Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Compare Mobile Phones » Nokia 6. vs Oppo R7 Lite Mobile Phones. performance Octa core Octa core display 5.5" (13.97 cm) 5.0" (12.7 cm) storage 32 GB 16 GB camera 16 MP 13 MP battery 3000 mAh 2320 mAh ram 3 GB 2 GB fingerprint sensor position Front - other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass fingerprint sensor Yes No quick charging No - operating system Android v7.1.1 (Nougat) Android v5.1 (Lollipop) sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model 6 R7 Lite launch date August 23, 2017 (Official) September 10, 2015 (Official) custom ui Stock - brand Nokia Oppo sim size SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes No audio features Dolby Atmos - loudspeaker Yes Yes fm radio Yes Yes audio jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 MSM8937 Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 graphics Adreno 505 Adreno 405 processor Octa core, 1.4 GHz, Cortex A53 Octa core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53 architecture 64 bit 64 bit ram 3 GB 2 GB build material Case: MetalBack: Metal - thickness 7.8 mm 6.3 mm width 75.8 mm 71 mm weight 169 grams 147 grams height 154 mm 143 mm colours Silver, Arte Black, Matte Black, Tempered Blue, Copper Silver display type IPS LCD AMOLED screen to body ratio 71.27 % 67.72 % pixel density 401 ppi 294 ppi screen protection Corning Gorilla Glass v3 - screen size 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) screen resolution Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) HD (720 x 1280 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch user available storage Up to 22.3 GB - internal memory 32 GB 16 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 128 GB Yes Up to 64 GB usb otg support Yes - settings Exposure compensation, ISO control - aperture F2.0 F2.2 camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Digital Zoom, Face detection, Touch to focus image resolution 4616 x 3464 Pixels 4128 x 3096 Pixels autofocus Yes Yes shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) resolution 8 MP Front Camera 8 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation No - flash No Yes LED Flash video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps - user replaceable No No type Li-ion Li-Polymer capacity 3000 mAh 2320 mAh wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n wifi features Mobile Hotspot Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.1 Yes v4.0 volte Yes - usb connectivity Mass storage device, USB charging, microUSB 2.0 microUSB 2.0 sar value Head: 1.07 W/kg - nfc Yes - network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass Yes with A-GPS, Glonass sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 150 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 4)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) sim 2 4G Bands: TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 150 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 4) 3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ? GPRS:Available EDGE:Available 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz Price ₹ 14,999 ₹ 17,990 Rating 3 /5 N/A. Summary special features general multimedia performance design display storage camera battery network connectivity. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Gold (16GB) ₹ 10590. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13990. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 12795. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 7499. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16999. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 12999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 10999. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
The next video is starting stop. Có nên mua Oppo R7 Lite với 7 triệu đồng ?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Có nên mua Oppo R7 Lite với 7 triệu đồng ? Hãy cùng mình phân tích xem với giá 7 triệu đồng chọn mua Oppo R7 Lite có thật sự là lựa chọn sáng suốt ? CẢM ƠN BẠN ĐÃ XEM VIDEO MỜI BẠN ĐĂNG KÝ KÊNH ĐỂ XEM NHIỀU VIDEO HƠN NHÉ ! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Xem giá Oppo R7 Lite tại: http://2tmobile.com.vn/dien-thoai/opp... ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Repo nguồn : http://repo.namapple.com ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Hỏi đáp tại : https://facebook.com/namcongnghe. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. [AnaGame] Mod game Super Mario Run và sửa lỗi thoát game không vào được. Incredibles 2 - Olympics Sneak Peek. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. 1 year Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan. OnsiteGo 1 Year Extended warranty for Mobiles (Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. The 1 Year OnsiteGo Extended Warranty plan covers all mechanical and electronic defects that are covered under the standard manufacturer's warranty. The plan is applicable for all mobiles between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. You can purchase the plan at the time of buying the device or within 6 months from the purchase date. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. You can activate the plan by following some simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the mobile brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only. OneAssist Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan for Mobile & Tablets from Rs 12001 to Rs 18000. from OneAssist Consumer Solutions Pvt Ltd. One Year Protection Plan for Accidental Damage, Drops and Spills. Protection against Screen protection, physical damage, liquid damage like tea, coffee and any oil spills. Protection plan is backed by Insurance and is Valid for One Year. Free Doorstep Device Pickup and drop Service. Purchase the Protection Plan within 15 days of new Device Purchase. Protection plan transferrable from Old device to New Device. Maximum 2 claims during tenure of membership. Cashless Repair in Authorized Service Center only. Plan is applicable for Andriod & Windows device only. 24X7 customer service Available, block your SIM Card and get protected against misuse of Rs3000. Claims accepted only after successful activation of plan. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold and fulfilled by Multiamedia.com. 13MP primary camera with LED flash and 8MP front facing camera. 5-inch (12.7 centimeters) AMOLED multi-touch capacitive touchscreen with 1280 x 720 pixels resolution and 16M color support. Android v5.1 Lollipop operating system with Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa core processor, Adreno 405 GPU, 2GB RAM, 16GB internal memory expandable up to 128GB and dual SIM (GSM+GSM). 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Oppo Joy 3 A11w Grey Android Mobile Phone. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). Description for OPPO R7 Lite (Gold, 2GB). Style in a Flash OPPO is delighting smartphone users again with its newly launched mobile phone OPPO R7 Lite, which comes with incredible features and state-of-the-art design. 8MP front camera, 13MP rear camera, 2GB RAM are just to name a few from the myriad other features. Processor & Operating System OPPO R7 Lite is powered with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Octa-core processor, coupled with 2GB RAM to run all 3D games, HD videos and more with the speed of a light. The phone comes with version 5.1 of Android OS that offers seamless multitasking and never user experience. Camera This amazing phone from the house of OPPO features a 13MP rear camera with flash, f/2.2 aperture and multiple scene modes like Normal, Ultra HD, Colorful night, Beautify, Various filters, Panorama, HDR, GIF, Slow shutter, Audio photo, Double exposure, Expert mode & Time-lapse. The front camera of the phone is a boon to selfie lover with a great resolution of 8MegaPixels. Memory & Battery The powerhouse of OPPO R7 Lite has a 2320 mAh Li-Po Battery to keep you grooving all day long. The phone shelters an internal memory of 16GB to store all your favourite content at one place.. OPPO R7 Lite Mobile Phone Information. OS Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop). Product Dimensions 14.3 x 0.6 x 7.1 cm. Connectivity technologies Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot, Bluetooth v4.0, GPS, microUSB v2.0, OTG, 4G. Special features Dual SIM,GPS,Music Player,Video Player,Distance sensor,Light sensor,G sensor,eCompass,E-mail. Other camera features 13MP primary camera with LED flash and 8MP front facing camera. Whats in the box Handset, Battery, Charger, USB Cable, Earphones, SIM Ejector Tool and User Manual. #2,24,945 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 12 December 2015. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 46% 4 star 16% 3 star 15% 2 star 8% 1 star 15%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars really it is a perfect mobile on this rate. i m very haapy to find it .really it is a perfect mobile on this rate.so i want to say plez take it without any doubt.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Bought from retailer battery back up is very pathetic you should get 3000mah at this price. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars I am delighted with performance specially camera accept for poor battery backup. I am delighted with performance specially camera accept for poor battery backup.as it only has 2500mag.and fast charging.0 to 100 %within 90minutes. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good phone. Phone is very good performance is awesome good battery backup and great experience. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Very bad device Don't buy it. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Very veru poooooor. Was this review helpful to you?. its very nice divice camera faadu h. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars One of the best mobile phone oppo r7 lite. I am using this phone in there no fm radio.camera is good battery backup is very good.. 3.0 out of 5 stars camera is good battery backup is very good. I am using the Oppo R7 Lite from 2 weeks. This phone is amazingly fast and camera quality belive me out of the world. 5.0 out of 5 stars It's as good. Headphone sound quality very well. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. See and discover other items: Oppo Smartphones & Basic Mobiles. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Sep 7, 2015. Small dimensions (5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 inches). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.25 inches). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). As its name suggests, the R7 Lite is a downgraded variant of the original R7. The new smartphone sports a 5-inch display with just 720 x 1280 pixels, instead of 1080 x 1920 pixels like on the regular R7. Moreover, instead of having 3 GB of RAM, the R7 Lite only offers 2 GB. Another difference - this time a positive one - is that the Oppo R7 Lite runs Color OS 2.1 based on Android Lollipop, while the regular R7 was released running Color OS based on Android KitKat. Like the slightly older R7, the Oppo R7 Lite is built around a metal frame, it's only 6.3mm-thin, and is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 615 processor. The handset also features LTE, dual SIM support, 8 MP front-facing camera, 13 MP rear camera, 16 GB of expandable internal memory, and a 2320 mAh battery.. OS: Android (5.1), OPPO ColorOS UI. Dimensions: 5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 inches (143 x 71 x 6.3 mm). Weight: 5.19 oz (147 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3). Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Face detection, Self-timer, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode, Effects. 1920x1080 (1080p HD), 1280x720 (720p HD), 720x480 (DVD). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1700 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 8, 3, 1, 7. LTE (TDD): Bands 40, 41, 38. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct OPPO R7 Lite specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Oppo says its Screen Flash was available before Apple's Retina Flash. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Shop by Compare Blog Deals Coupons. Mobile & Tablets Mobile Accessories Laptops & Peripherals TV & Entertainment Home And Kitchen Appliances Camera, DSLR & Accessories Automotive Books. Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple iPhones OnePlus Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles. Phone Finder Upcoming Mobiles Top 10 Mobile Phones Selfie Mobiles. 6GB RAM Mobiles Dual Camera Mobiles 4G Mobiles Octa core Mobiles. Tablets Samsung Tabs Apple iPads Lenovo Tabs Micromax Tabs. Upcoming Tablets Android Tablets Latest Tablets Budget Tablets. Calling Facility Tablets Wifi Tablets 4G Tablets 7 Inch Tablets. Mobile Accessories Smartwatches Fitness Bands MicroSD Cards Power Banks VR Headsets Headphones And Headsets Headphones Bluetooth Headsets Wired Headsets. Car Mobile And Accessories Car Chargers Car Speakers GPS Navigation Devices Feature Samsung Memory Cards HP Memory Cards Syska Power Banks PNY Power Banks. Trending Sandisk Memory Cards Transcend Memory Cards Kingston Memory Cards Xiaomi Power Banks Ambrane Power Banks Intex Power Banks Behind the neck Headphones Wireless Headphones Clip on Headphones. Laptops Dell Laptops HP Laptops Lenovo Laptops Apple Laptops Asus Laptops All Laptops Desktop & Components CPU Desktops. Storage & Memory Pen Drives MicroSD Cards External Hard Disks Internal Hard Drives Printers & Inks Single Function Printers Multi-Function Printers Scanners Toners. Accessories Monitors Mouses Keyboards Headphones Computer Headsets Speakers Webcams Projectors Routers. By Brands Samsung Televisions LG Televisions Sony Televisions Videocon Televisions Vu Televisions Micromax Televisions Onida Televisions Panasonic Televisions All LED And LCD TVs. By Features 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32 inch TVs 40 inch TVs 50 inch TVs 55 inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Music & Home Theaters DVD/Blueray Players MP3 Players Home Theaters Bluetooth Speakers Sony Home Theaters LG Home Theaters. Home Appliances Television Washing Machines Air Conditioners Geysers Vacuum Cleaners Air Coolers Fans Inverters/stabilizers. Kitchen Appliances Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Mixer/Grinder/Juicers Food Processors Electric Kettles Induction Cook Tops Sandwich Makers Popup Toasters Hand Blenders Electric Cookers. Small Home Appliances Irons Air Purifiers Emergency Lights Landline Phones UPS Sensor Security Sewing Machines. Cameras & DSLRs DSLR Cameras Point & Shoot Cameras Sports & Action Cameras Instant Camera Camcorders Canon DSLR Cameras Nikon DSLR Cameras Sony DSLR Cameras. Cameras By Brands Nikon Point & Shoot Cameras Canon Point & Shoot Cameras Sony Point & Shoot Cameras GoPro Sports & Action Cameras Fujifilm Instant Cameras Panasonic Camcorder. Camera Accessories Camera Lenses Camera Filters Camera Flashes Camera Lens Hoods Tripods Reflectors Camera Lens Caps Camera Flash Brackets Flash Shoe Adapters. Car Accessories Car SubWoofers Car FM Modulators Car Amplifiers Car Air Purifiers Car Body Covers Dent Removers Car Polishes Car Seat Covers Vehicle Antennas. Car Spare Parts Car Batteries Door Handles Gear Knobs Cabin Filters Fuel Filters Wheel Bearings Underseat Storages Engine Mounts Car Silencers. Bike Accessories Helmets Helmet Locks Two Wheeler Batteries Bike Foot Rests Handle Bars Bike Exhausts Bike Mirrors Clutch Levers Vehicle Horns. Books by Categories Academic Action & Adventure Biographies & True Accounts Business, Investing & Management Children's Books Comics & Manga Computing & Internet Crime, Thriller & Mystery Health & Personal Development Fantasy & Science Fiction. Books by Authors Books by Chetan Bhagat Books by Rashmi Bansal Books by J K Rowling Books by Dan Brown Books by Ruskin Bond Books by R S Aggarwal Books by Amish Tripathi Books by Shobaa De Books by Khushwant Singh Books by Paulo Coelho. Mobiles Tablets Laptops Smartwatches Fitness Bands DSLR Cameras Televisions Refrigerators Washing Mcns Air Conditioners Microwave Ovens. Pros & Cons Price Specs Key Features Video Reviews Q & A's Local Dealers Compare. By Oppo Mobiles | Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: 15th October, 2015. 12,120 Buy Now on Amazon.in. Oppo R7 lite runs on Android OS, v5.1. It has a 5 Inch Full HD display. The Phone is powered by a Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 with 2 GB RAM. The device comes with a Front 8 MP camera and Rear 13 MP camera with an LED flash. It comes with 16GB of built-in storage which can further be expanded using a microSD, up to 128 G. Connectivity includes Single SIM , 4G LTE. The Device has a non-removable Li-Po 2320 mAh battery .. 5% Instant Discount On Using Credit/Debit Card Apply for credit card now ». Oppo R7 lite Pros & Cons. 5.0-inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen with Gorilla Glass 3 protection Fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min Weight to carry and very slim mobile 13 MP Primary and 8 MP front camera clicks high quality shots 2 GB RAM coupled with Quad -core gives good performance overall. No FM Radio supported Comes with less No. of Sensors Battery capacity is average, it should have been better. Oppo R7 lite Price in India. Manufacturer Warranty EMI Available Return Policy Free Shipping Delivery in 2-10 days. Manufacturer Warranty EMI Available Return Policy Free Shipping Delivery in 3-7 business days. The best price of Oppo R7 lite smartphone is 12,120 at Amazon.in in India on 26th February 2018. Above are the lowest prices for Oppo R7 lite Phone, collected from popular online stores in india. Pricekart does not charge you anything extra for its services. Currently Oppo R7 lite is in stock across 1 store , viz. EMI / Installments facility is available for buying this smartphone, if you are using your credit card. Cash on Delivery (COD) can also be availed for this Phone depending on your location. Can be delivered at the above price across 100's of Indian cities including Delhi (NCR), Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata, Jaipur and Pune. Shopping online? Keep yourself updated about Oppo R7 lite Price In India by setting a price drop alert with us. We expect all sellers listed above to provide a valid tax invoice for any purchase you make while shopping online.. Find dealers & shops for Oppo R7 lite mobile phone in your City:. -- Select City -- Agra Ahmedabad Ajmer Alappuzha Alwar Amritsar Aurangabad Bangalore Bharatpur Bhavnagar Bhikaner Bhopal Bhubaneshwar Calangute Chandigarh Chennai Chittaurgarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dalhousie Dehradun Delhi Diu-island Ernakulam Faridabad Gangtok Gaya Ghaziabad Gurgaon Guwahati Gwalior Haridwar Hyderabad Imphal Indore Jabalpur Jaipur Jaisalmer Jalandhar Jamshedpur Jodhpur Junagadh Kanpur Kanyakumari Khajuraho Kochi Kodaikanal Kolkata Kota Kottayam Kovalam Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Manali Mangalore Margao Mathura Mumbai Mussoorie Mysore Nagpur Nainital Nashik Ooty Orchha Panaji Patna Pondicherry Porbandar Portblair Pune Puri Rajkot Rameswaram Ranchi Sanchi Secunderabad Shimla Surat Thanjavur Thiruchchirapalli Thrissur Tirumala Udaipur Vadodara Varanasi Vasco da gama Vijayawada. Group: 11,000 to 14,000. Full Specifications of Oppo R7 lite ( Release Date: 15th October, 2015 ). Screen Size 5 inches Screen Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixel Density 294 PPI Display Type AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Rear Camera Resolution 13 MP Front Camera Resolution 8 MP Camera Features Autofocus, Flash, Geo-Tagging, Touch Focus, Panorama. SIM Card Slots Single SIM SIM Card Type SIM 1: Nano-SIM Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 3.5 mm Jack Yes. Internal Storage 16 GB Card Slot/Expandable microSD, up to 128 G Other 16GB storage, microSD card slot. Battery Capacity 2320 mAh Battery Type Li-Po. Brand Oppo Chipset Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615 Processor Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 RAM 2GB RAM GPU Adreno 405. Operating System Android OS Version Android OS, v5.1 Weight 147 grams Dimensions 143 x 71 x 6.3 mm (5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 in). 4G Yes, LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 40(2300) - Global 3G Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - Global, Philippines 2G Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 Wi-Fi Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot GPS Yes, Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Radio Yes. Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email Browser HTML5 Java No Other Fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic MP4/H.264 player MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC player Document viewer Photo/video editor. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee the information is 100% accurate. Report a problem on this page. Key Specifications Review of Oppo R7 lite Quite Big Screen - 5 inches Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Sharp Screen - 294 PPI Higher Resolution indicates sharp display images, videos and text look more vivid and clear. AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Super LCD Reduces Glare, increases brightness and improves visibilty in sunlight. Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615 Snapdragon processor offers seamless streaming of video and audio, crystal-clear voice calls, robust processing strength & groundbreaking battery efficiency. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 More cores result in better multitasking. More tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Lots Of RAM - 2 GB More RAM means faster loading of apps and smoother execution of multiple tasks simultaneously. Adreno 405 Graphics Processing Unit enables smooth processing of 3D Games and HD Videos. It also shares the load of processors and saves battery. Single SIM You can use only one sim in the phone. 13 MP Rear Camera Average Resolution camera that capture less vibrant images without focusing much on details. 8 MP Front Camera A Camera with higher resolution snaps sharp & detailed photos, and offers good video calling quality. Has Flash For Camera With Flash Bright Selfies / Pics can be captured even in low light. Has Autofocus For Camera With Autofocus, the camera of the mobile is able to focus on the subject automatically. Heavy Weight - 147g Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. Limited Storage Capacity - 16 GB Less internal storage may limit installation of more apps, storing songs, images, videos, etc. Supports Memory Card - microSD, up to 128 G Having no Memory cards restricts extra storage capacity. You cannot store more songs, photos and videos. Low Battery Life - 2320 mAh Lower Battery Life causes quick battery drain & results in frequent charging. The Battery life also depends on screen size, processor, OS, personal useage and other factors. Supports 4G 4G connection provides internet access upto 100 Mbps. Get more download speed and a faster browsing experience. You can send voice calls and messages. It supports all features of 3G, 2G conncetivity. Supports 3G 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 3G enables fast internet access, high speed downloads and access to lot other internet features. Supports 2G With 2G connectivity option you can get all cellular features but stay limited to basic internet facilities. Supports WiFi Connect to wifi hotspots in your area or other devices to your mobile. Supports GPS GPS help you to track your current location. get directions to a place or any destination using apps like Google Maps. Have A FM Radio Allows you to listen Music, songs, etc from Radio stations even while travelling. Supports Bluetooth You can wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets or even share data. Has 3.5mm Headphone Jack 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices such as speakers, headphones etc.... Video Review of Oppo R7 lite. Oppo R7 lite 12,120 vs Vivo Y55 10,999. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 32GB 10,599 vs Oppo R7 lite 12,120. Oppo F1 8,994 vs Oppo R7 lite 12,120. Motorola Moto G4 Plus 16GB 9,125 vs Oppo R7 lite 12,120. Lenovo Vibe P1 8,199 vs Oppo R7 lite 12,120. Oppo R7 lite Historic Price Trends. Buy Oppo R7 lite in India today for Rs. 12,120.00 , updated on 26th February 2018. Write a Review on Oppo R7 lite. Heading* Summary* Rating*. (Your rating: 0 / 5). Coolpad Cool 1 3GB RAM Coolpad Cool 1 4GB RAM Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4GB RAM + 64GB Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 32GB Samsung Galaxy On Nxt Nokia 6 3GB RAM LeEco Le 2 64GB Lenovo Vibe P2 Vivo V5 Lenovo K6 Power Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 3GB RAM Motorola Moto G4 Plus 32GB Motorola Moto M 64GB. Oppo R7 lite Questions & Answers. Oppo A71 (2018) Launched in India, to Enhance Selfie Experience with AI Oppo A83 Launched in India with 3GB RAM Oppo A71 (2018) With AI Beauty Recognition Camera Launched All you need to Know about the Oppo A83 Oppo A75, A75s Launched with 6-inch 18:9 displays: Specs, Features Oppo F5 Youth with 16MP Selfie Camera Launched in India. 5.5 inches 16 MP Camera 3 RAM 3000 mAh. 5.5 inches 16 MP Camera 4 RAM 3160 mAh. 5.5 inches 20 MP Camera 4 RAM 3000 mAh. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 3300 mAh. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 2GB RAM + 32GB. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 2 RAM 4100 mAh. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4GB RAM + 64GB. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 4 RAM 4100 mAh. Comments on Oppo R7 lite mobile phone. × Get instant alert when price drops for Oppo R7 lite. Prices reduce by 5-10% within 3 weeks, on average!. Get Real-Time Price, latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. -- Problem/Feedback -- Customer feedback Price is different than price on external website Incorrect product specifications Item does not match external website There are insufficient details to make a buying decision Other. Get access to your Wishlist and more.. Keep items you love on a watchlist.. Write Your Reviews & Win Daily Prizes!. Be first to know about great offers and save.. *Pricekart.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time. LOGIN or SIGN UP. Mobile | Tablet | Home & Kitchen Appliances | TV & Entertainment | Camera, DSLR & Accessories | Automotive | Books. Samsung Mobiles Price | Vivo Mobiles Price | OPPO Mobiles Price | Xiaomi Mobiles Price | Karbonn Mobiles Price | Itel Mobiles Price | Intex Mobiles Price. Upcoming Mobiles | Waterproof Mobiles Price | Top 10 Mobiles Price | 4g Mobiles Price | Big Battery Mobiles | Mobiles Below 10000. About Us | Extension | Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Blog | Contact Us | Merchants. Made in India by. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Oppo R7 Lite Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Oppo R7 Lite details Non removable battery Read more. Great design Excellent camera Good gesture support. The Opps R7 Lite is a high quality device which delivers great performance in every aspect. The metallic body, great design and robust configuration will draw the attention of consumers who seek a powerful device. Considering all the attributes and the features of the device one can safely say it is one the best device in its budget.. The Opps R7 Lite features a 5.0-inch Amoled display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The phone comes in a single piece of magnesium alloy metallic body which gives it an elegant look and the added protection. The back of the phone is exclusively crafted to match the beauty of the violin's neck. The Oppo R7 has 2.5D Arc Edge Screen which enhances the visuals.. The device is powered by 1.3GHz octa-core processor which seats on Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615 Chipset. The processor is assisted by 2GB RAM and Adreno 405 graphics which allows fast navigation between applications and lag free gaming. The phone runs Android v5.1 (Lollipop) Operating System.. The smartphone is stacked with an excellent primary camera of 13MP with phase detection autofocus and anti-shake optimization that captures great pictures even while taking quickly. For front snapshots, there is an 8MP camera which is good for taking selfies and video calling.. The phone comes with an inbuilt memory of 16GB which can be further expanded up to 64GB via an external memory card.. The Oppo R7 Lite sips its juice from a 2,320mAh Li-po battery which is non-removable. The phone covers a wide range of connectivity options which include 4G, Bluetooth, A-GPS among others. The device also gives to customise screen off gestures like activating camera, make calls and screen-on. It also has Single-hand mode and Lengthy screenshot.. Oppo R7 Lite PRICE IN INDIA. Oppo R7 Lite price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Oppo R7 Lite is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 16 GB + 64 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... What makes Oppo R7 Lite unique?. The thinnest Dual SIM phone priced around Rs. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 4G Mobiles Below 15000. Mobile Phones in range of 10000 to 15000. Top 10 Oppo Mobiles Below 15000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 64 RATING(S). 29 Nov 2015 By SUDHAKAR VETRI On flipkart.com. 1.camera is amazing-zooming is perfect 4x n2.touch is super very smooth n3.dual sim ok n4.less weight & look is nice n5.DISADVANTAGE:only 2360 mah battery it can be better.. 17 Mar 2016 By Ash Ok On flipkart.com. It is decent Product and low wait , nice to handy, nI am writing this review after using this product on 3 months,nThis phone will get heat when using charge, game, and you tube, nsuch nice product but they have to reduce their problem with solving and testing the product before they sell,. 11 - 17 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615. Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6737T. Quad core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN950. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. 4128 x 3096 Pixels Shooting Modes. High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Face detection, Touch to focus. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Oppo Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.2 inches vs 5 inches. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Octa core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Weight: 147 grams 232 people viewed together 265 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 2900 mAH vs 2320 mAH. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. More expandable memory: 256 GB vs 64 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 8 MP. Lower pixel density: 282 ppi vs 294 ppi. More thickness: 7.6 mm vs 6.3 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3075 mAH vs 2320 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 227 people viewed together 342 people compared together. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 8 MP. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Octa core 1.3 GHz. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 294 ppi. More thickness: 7.3 mm vs 6.3 mm. More weight: 160 grams vs 147 grams. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 2630 mAH vs 2320 mAH. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Lesser weight: 136 grams vs 147 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 2 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB 349 people viewed together 225 people compared together. Quad core 1.2 GHz vs Octa core 1.3 GHz. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. More thickness: 7.6 mm vs 6.3 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Octa core 1.6 GHz vs Octa core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 162 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 2320 mAH. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. More expandable memory: 256 GB vs 64 GB. More thickness: 8 mm vs 6.3 mm. More weight: 167 grams vs 147 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Octa core 1.6 GHz vs Octa core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 136 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 2320 mAH. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. More expandable memory: 256 GB vs 64 GB. More thickness: 8 mm vs 6.3 mm. More weight: 167 grams vs 147 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. More RAM: 4 GB vs 2 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3200 mAH vs 2320 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 71 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 16 GB. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 8 MP. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Octa core 1.3 GHz. More thickness: 7.3 mm vs 6.3 mm. More weight: 153 grams vs 147 grams. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about Oppo R7 Lite. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. People who viewed Oppo R7 Lite also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Home >> Phones >> Oppo >>R7 Lite. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Oppo R7 is a Smart Phone Powered by Android 5.1 Lollipop and 13 MP Auto Focus Camera.. - 1.3 GHz Qualcomm 615 Octa Core Processor. - 5 Inch HD AMOLED Display. - 13 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. - LTE Support On Both SIM Cards. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Oppo R7 Lite User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Oppo R7 Lite Tips, Tricks, FAQs and Useful Options. Oppo R7 Lite Tips, Tricks, FAQs and Useful Options. 2 years ago November 30, 2015. How to insert the SIM card on your device?. What is the type of SIM supported on this device?. How to share your Data network via Tethering on the device?. How to take a Screenshot on my Oppo R7 Lite?. How to use the Power saving modes on the Oppo R7 Lite?. What are the sensors available on the phone?. Can I Move apps from phone storage to SD card on this device?. How much is the internal storage on the Oppo R7 Lite?. How much free RAM is available on the device if no apps are running?. How many Megapixels of camera is used on front and back?. What are the benchmarking scores on the device?. Will the Oppo R7 Lite get Android Marshmallow 6.0 Update?. What are the color options available for Oppo R7 Lite?. How much is the battery on Oppo R7 Lite?. Are there any LED notification lights on the device?. What is eye protection display and how to use it?. How to change the font on the device?. What are the screen-off gestures available on the device?. What are the screen-on gestures available on device?. What are the smart call options available on the device?. What is the latest Build number on this phone?. How to insert the SIM card on your device?. What is the type of SIM supported on this device?. How to share your Data network via Tethering on the device?. How to take a Screenshot on my Oppo R7 Lite?. How to use the Power saving modes on the Oppo R7 Lite?. What are the sensors available on the phone?. Can I move apps from phone storage to SD card on this device?. How much is the internal storage on the OppoR7 Lite?. How much free RAM is available on the device if no apps are running?. How many Megapixels of camera is used on front and back?. What are the benchmarking scores on the device?. Will the Oppo R7 Lite get Android Marshmallow 6.0 Update?. What are the color options available for Oppo R7 Lite?. How much is the battery on Oppo R7 Lite?. Are there any LED notification lights on the device?. What is eye protection display and how to use it?. How to change the font on the device?. What are the screen-off gestures available on the device?. What are the screen-on gestures available on device?. What are the smart call options available on the device?. What is the latest Build number on this phone?. Oppo R7 Lite was initially announced in the month of September and got released in the month of October along with R7 Plus in the R series. This device gives a premium look and feel with its unibody chassis and under the hood there is a 1.3 GHz Snapdragon 615 Octa-core processor coupled with 2 GB of RAM. This 5.2-inch device comes with an HD display on its AMOLED screen and runs Android 5.1 Lollipop OS ColorOS 2.1 on top.. Below are the Tips and Tricks of Oppo R7 Lite incase if you want to know more about the device or planning to buy one.. To insert an SIM on Oppo R7 Lite, we have a provision on the right of the device just above the volume rockers. This is a dual SIM variant, so there are two slots available, and one slot can also be used to insert a microSD card slot. We need to insert the SIM ejector pin in the provision that is given and the tray comes out, now insert the SIM and push it back to its position.. Oppo R7 Lite supports dual SIM one being a Nano-SIM and other is a Micro-SIM slot. Dual SIM is a must in all the devices at it lets you use two different numbers, one for personal and other for business or any other profession. Unfortunately, one of the SIM slots will be used up by a microSD card slot if the user decide to use.. Share your Data network via tethering option by activating the data pack on the device and then go to the settings of the device and tap on the More option under the General section. Now select the Personal Hotspot option and you can set up a hotspot easily. Tethering can be done according and a maximum of 8 devices can be connected with the Bluetooth tethering option.. It is as simple as in most of the devices. Just hold the power/lock button along with the volume down button for a second or so and we have the screenshot saved in the gallery or any file manager that you tend to use.. To reset your device, go to the setting settings and tap on Backup and reset option. Here you have options like, Back up my data, back up account, Automatic restore, Network Setting reset and Factory data reset. The user can choose according and proceed with resetting the device. Make sure all the date is backed up and you enter the correct back up account.. Power saving feature is a must on every smartphone because it stop the unnecessary consumption of battery when not needed. This can be turned on while traveling so that you can save most of the battery for longer use. To turn on the power saving mode, go to the settings of the device and tap on the option Battery and storage. Now tap on battery manager and you can see the percentage of the battery available as well as the options Normal power saving, Super power (reduces the performance of the device drastically) saving and Automatically activated (gets activated automatically when the battery is low).. Oppo R7 Lite comes with the normal sensors like, Proximity, Accelerometer, Light sensor and compass what we see on all the devices. These sensors help in many ways like while walking, exercising or even adjusts the brightness automatically when required using the light sensor.. Sadly, Oppo R7 Lite does not let you transfer your apps from phone to an SD card. Since the storage on the device is limited jut to 16 GB, users may find difficulty to have all the apps on the device itself. This ensures that most of the data should be stored on an external SD card so that you can install the required apps onto the device memory.. Oppo R7 Lite comes just with 16 GB of internal memory, although it can be extended up to a maximum of 128 GB via microSD card. There isn’t a separate provision for a microSD card so, it should be placed in the secondary SIM slot and in that case just one SIM can be used.. Oppo R7 Lite comes with an 2 GB of RAM, unlike its bigger brother R7 Plus that comes with 3 GB of RAM. Out of the 2 GB, only 768 MB is free and rest of it is used by the system OS and other applications.. Yes, this device supports OTG drive that lets you transfer data from the smartphone to an external drive or vice versa. This is an easy way to transfer data without much fuss, and you just need a File Manager application to exchange data.. Oppo R7 Lite comes with a 13 MP camera on the rear with Scheider-Kreuznach optics with LED flash and a resolution of 4128 x 3096. This camera is capable of shooting 1080p videos at 30fps and is accompanied with a 8 MP camera on the front for high-quality video calling as well as for selfies.. We have conducted the following benchmarks on the device and scores of the same are mentioned below.. As of now, there is no word from the company about the Marshmallow 6.0 update on Oppo R7 Lite, and we don’t think that it will be coming any soon. Since it is a midrange device, it will be getting the update only after all the high-end devices receive the update.. The device will be available in two colors options – Golden and silver that gives the device more elegant look. This enables the users an option to choose from. Sometimes customers are more obsessed with colors and like having more choices.. The Oppo R7 Lite has a non-removable Li-Po 2320 mAh battery. This battery is placed under the cover that cannot be removed. This should be a decent enough battery to last an entire’s day charge.. Yes, there us a LED light notification light available on Oppo R7 Lite front side of the device that will light up whenever there is a message notification or a missed call, when the screen in off. This LED light will also notify the user when the battery of the device is less than 10% and also while charging the device. This LED notifications lights help the users by notifying them whenever there is a message or a call that has been missed.. Eye protections display is the new feature that we can see only with ColorOS system. This feature filters out the blue light emitted by most of the smartphones and creates a soothing screen display, which is easier on the eyes. The blue light can be filtered out by different protection levels that can be activated from Low, Medium and High options. This display can be switched on from the settings option of the phone and tap on the display and then select on Eye protection display.. To change the font size on Oppo R7 Lite, head to the settings of the device and go to the device option. Here you can see an option called as Font listed at the bottom that has to be tapped, now you get the option of changing the font size of the device. More over the user has the option of four sizes that can be selected accordingly. There is also a provision to change the Font type but the fonts have to be downloaded online.. The off-screen gestures are the gestures that are used when the screen is off. On Oppo R7 Lite we can double tap anywhere on the screen to wake it up, there is also an option to draw O to start the camera and you can customize your gesture by adding in the option provided. To get access to these off-screen gestures, we need go to the settings of the device and select the option Gestures and Motions.. The on-screen gestures are the gestures that work when the screen is on. By heading in to the settings of the device and tapping on the option – Gestures and Motions you see multiple options. Slect the Screen-on gestures and we can find options like Activate the camera with multi-fingers, that lets the user to activate the camera directly by pinch close with multiple fingers. There is an option of Double tap to lock the screen that will lock you device at any interface by double tapping the Home key.. Gesture Screenshot lets you to take a screenshot quickly by sliding up and down with three fingers. Adjust volume with two fingers lets you to adjust the volume by sliding up and down with two fingers. Apart from these there is a Single handed operation to launch or exit the single hand operations just swipe left to right or right to left from bottom. These are some awesome gestures available on Oppo R7 Lite that will be very much useful to its users.. Smart call options let its user to easily dial a number from our contacts or messages just by placing the phone near your ear. There is Auto answer by motion feature that answers a call automatically when you bring the phone near to the ear. Simillarly, when on a call on speaker it switches to receiver when the device is brought close to the ear. To mute the calls quickly, just flip the device and the device will be muted easily.. The Built number on the device out of the box is R7kfEX_11_150925. This built number will change where there is newer version or a software update is available to the device. This update has to be installed before the built number is changed and it will bring new feature and also fixes if there are any bugs available.. So these are the Tips and Tricks of Oppo R7 Lite that can be useful if you are planning to buy this device or already bought one. If you have any more queries regarding this, do not hesitate to drop a comment below.. Lenovo Vibe P1m Tips, Tricks, FAQs & Useful options. LG Nexus 5X Tips, Tricks, FAQs and Useful Options. Top 15 Smartphones to Launch in 2018. ZTE Blade V9 & V9 Vita Smartphones With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. HMD Global Launches Nokia 8110 4G, Nokia 1, New Nokia 6, Nokia 7 Plus, & Nokia 8 Sirocco at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Asus Zenfone 5z Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 & 6GB RAM Leaked. Twitter Lite App, Vivo X20 “King of Glory” Edition, Samsung Air Purifiers, Galaxy J7 Prime Price Cut & More – PhoneRadar Report. MediaTek MT2621 SoC, Canon EOS M100 Camera, M-tech Eros Plus, Salora Arya Z4 & More – PhoneRadar Report. Casio G’z Eye GZE-1, Ziox Starz Vibe, Infinix Zero 5 Sale, UC Browser is Back, 4K Photos via FB Messenger & More – PhoneRadar Report. iPhone X on Airtel, Redmi 4A MIUI Update, Nokia 2 Sale, Galaxy C7 Nougat Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Facebook Local, Galaxy A7 (2018), YouTube Kids App, Nokia 8 Oreo Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Jio VR App, Centriq 2400 Processor, Galaxy J7 Max Discount, Xperia XZ Premium Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Xiaomi Mi Max 3 Smartphone to Sport 5,500mAh Battery with Wireless Charging Support. LG Announces K8 (2018) & K10 (2018) Smartphones with 16:9 HD Display & Android Nougat. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. 
