GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - Global, Taiwan, USA. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 40(2300) - Global. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - Taiwan. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 17(700) - USA. 151.8 x 75.4 x 7 mm (5.98 x 2.97 x 0.28 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~72.9% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. - Fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min (VOOC Flash Charge). Basemark OS II: 994 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 930 Basemark X: 5302. Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.964 (sunlight). Voice 73dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 71dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Oppo R7s - user opinions and reviews. I think, the Huawei mate 9 pro is best for you if you hava budget. i need to get a phone fast, any suggestions for android phones that wont crash apps???. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Oppo F5 Oppo R7 Oppo R7 Plus Oppo R9s Oppo F1s Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Oppo F5 Oppo A37 Oppo A83 Oppo F1s Oppo A71 Oppo A57. 
Home Smartphones ColorOS About OPPO Join us Global Support FAQ Contact us Global Global. Home /. The latest addition to the OPPO R7 series puts your power worries to rest, bringing you a battery that lasts all day. Big on power, size and style – the OPPO R7s covers all your communication needs effortlessly.. Bringing you a battery that lasts all day. Equipped with a large, 3070mAh capacity battery, this energy powerhouse also boasts our VOOC Flash Charge technology.. A mere 5 minutes charge gives you 2 hours of talk time. Safety standards are impeccable, with five levels of protection ranging from the power adaptor, charging cable to interfaces and battery safety fully taken care of.. And that enduring power lets you run not just any ordinary device, but one with a snappy octa-core processor and 4GB of RAM.. Look forward to lightning-fast downloads, smooth gaming performance and great multitasking capabilities. You can even add a microSD card of up to 128GB to store all your photos, videos and music for endless entertainment on the go.. Ultra narrow 2.2 mm bezel, 5.5-inch arc edge screen. The sleek outer body, the ultra narrow 2.2mm screen bezel of the stunning R7s unite for a fantastic design you will love it.. Made from a premium metal alloy treated with state-of-the-art surface coating technology, this robust device is clearly designed to be an object of great admiration.. The immense 5.5-inch arc edge screen of the stunning R7s unite for a fantastic design you will love to hold in your hands.. The unique curves add balance, charm and elegance to the metallic surface and colorful 2.5D arc edge glass screen of the R7s, making it as much a pleasure to hold as it is to look at.. And when it comes to taking pictures with the rear-facing 13-megapixel and front-facing 8-megapixel cameras of the R7s, you will be amazed at the quality of your shots.. From Beautify 3.0 for stunning selfies, Various Filters, Double Exposure, Ultra HD, high definition shooting capabilities under low light conditions and high definition lenses for those spontaneous shoots, you will never look at your mobile snapshots in the same way again.. HD shooting capabilities under low light conditions. Get ready to capture breathtaking scenes, precious moments and fantastic portraits all with professional ease.. For a faster, smoother and better interface. Say goodbye to messy icon layouts and complicated sorting processes on your home screen.. ColorOS 2.1 easy with automatic sorting of icons on the desktop through a quick shake of the handset, to speedy transfers across pages and efficient batch management.. ColorOS 2.1 come with an efficient memory cleaner.. Features such as screen-off gestures, smart memory management during idle screen time, lockscreen notifications of incoming messages and easy, slide-activated features come together to make your organization and communication efforts on the go a breeze.. When it comes to choice, the R7s is ideal for those who need to balance work and play, home and travel. With 4G speeds, dual SIM and microSD card expansion slots, maintaining a work-life balance has never been easier.. ColorOS 2.1, based on Android 5.1. ColorOS 2.1, based on Android 5.1. Full HD (1920 by 1080 pixels). Multi-touch, Capacitive Screen, Gorilla Glass 4 Support for Gloved and Wet Touch Input. Dual-SIM: Micro-SIM Card and Nano-SIM Card. Distance sensor Light sensor G-sensor. OPPO R7s In-ear type earphones Micro USB cable VOOC Flash Charger mini SIM ejector tool Documentation Case. Smartphones R11s F5 See All Smartphones Technology VOOC Pure Image About OPPO Press Join us Support Contact Us FAQ EU Declaration. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Oppo R7s. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Oppo R7s smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Oppo R7s is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Oppo R7s packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Oppo R7s runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 3070mAh non removable battery. It measures 151.80 x 75.40 x 6.95 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 155.00 grams. The Oppo R7s is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Oppo R7s With 4GB of RAM, 5.5-Inch Full-HD Amoled Display Launched. More Oppo mobiles Oppo mobiles price in India. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 151.80 x 75.40 x 6.95 Weight (g) 155.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3070 Removable battery No Colours Golden, Sliver. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 RAM 4GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 8-megapixel. Operating System Android 5.1 Skin Color OS 2.1. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Oppo R7s. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Oppo R7s With 4GB of RAM, 5.5-Inch Full-HD Amoled Display Launched. Oppo A71 (2018) Oppo A83 Oppo A75s Oppo A75 Oppo A79 Oppo F5 Youth Oppo R11s Plus Oppo F5 Oppo R11s Oppo F3 Lite Oppo A71 Oppo R11 Plus Oppo R11 Oppo A77 Oppo F3 Oppo F3 Plus Oppo A57 Oppo R9s Plus Oppo R9s Oppo F1s Oppo A37 Oppo A59 Oppo F1 Plus Oppo R9 Plus Oppo R9 Oppo A30 Oppo F1 Oppo A53 Oppo A33 Oppo Neo 7. Oppo R7 Oppo R7s vs. Oppo R7 Plus Oppo R7s vs. Xiaomi Mi Note Pro vs. Xiaomi Mi Note Oppo R9 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Oppo R7s vs. Sony Xperia M5 Infocus M680 vs. Oppo R7s Xiaomi Redmi 3x vs. Oppo R7s Xiaomi Redmi 4x vs. Oppo R7s Xiaomi Mi 5 vs. Oppo R7s Oneplus X vs. Intex Aqua Life Iii vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Oppo R7s in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Oppo R7s is a good looking unlocked phablet with a nice display and long battery life, but similarly priced rivals offer more power and purer Android software. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. Dual SIM capabilities and expandable memory.. The Oppo R7s is a good looking unlocked phablet with a nice display and long battery life, but similarly priced rivals offer more power and purer Android software.. that falls right between Oppo's 6-inch R7 Plus and 5-inch R7. At 5.5 inches and $399 (32GB), it competes directly with the. Editors' Choice-winning Moto X Pure Edition and the. That's some stiff though the R7s manages to hold its own thanks to a premium build, a high-quality display, and good battery life. the Moto X Pure Edition and OnePlus 2 are stronger when it comes to performance and software, and remain better bets for the price.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (Unlocked). Design, Display, and Features The overall look and feel of the Oppo R7s. vaguely reminiscent of the iPhone 6s Plus. There's no physical home button, but the glass-clad front and metal unibody design bear a distinct resemblance to Apple's popular device. The R7s measures 5.98 by 2.97 by 0.28 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.47 ounces. and lighter than both the Moto X (6.06 by 3.00 by 0.44; 6.31 ounces) and the OnePlus 2 (5.98 by 2.95 by 0.39 inches; 6.17 ounces).. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. I tested a gold R7s, but the phone is also available in silver and rose gold options. power button on the right, along with a. slot that can take either two SIM cards or card and a microSD card. It accommodated our 200GB SanDisk card without any issue. The volume buttons are on the left, with a 3.5mm audio jack up top and a micro USB port and speakers at the bottom.. The R7s boasts a 5.5-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 AMOLED display with bright colors and good viewing angles. Images are crisp at 401 pixels per inch, the same pixel density as the OnePlus 2. The screen gets brighter than the Quad HD display on the Moto X though it isn't as sharp (520ppi). The display supports gloved and wet touch input, which are welcome features in inclement weather.. Network Performance and Audio The R7s supports GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), WCDMA (850/900/1900/2100MHz), and LTE (1/2/4/7/17) bands. The device comes unlocked and works on AT&T and T-Mobile. You will get solid connectivity on AT&T due to the presence of Band 17, which allows for better signal penetration indoors. The phone is missing T-Mobile's Band 12, which helps improve reception in congested cities.. I tested the phone on AT&T and saw reliable connectivity and speeds in New York. The R7s supports dual-band 802.11a/b/g/n/ Wi-Fi. There is no NFC, something the Moto X has, but not the OnePlus 2.. Voice calls sound good, and the phone. handles background noise with ease. The bottom-facing speakers get but lack bass. Wired and Bluetooth audio both sound fine.. Processor, Battery, and Camera The R7s is powered by a midrange Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor, which is a step or two below the Snapdragon 808-powered Moto X and Snapdragon 810-powered OnePlus 2. This was confirmed in benchmark testing—the R7s received an AnTuTu score of 37,819, which is significantly less than the near-50,000 results from both the Moto X and OnePlus 2.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Despite the lower benchmark scores, the R7s feels fine in real-life performance, and its 4GB of RAM handles multitasking and app switching with ease. play games like Asphalt 8, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, and Need for Speed: Most Wanted without any lag or dropped frames.. Battery on the R7s is excellent, thanks to a large 3,070mAh cell. managed to last for an impressive 6 hours, 47 minutes in our battery rundown test, which streams full-screen video over LTE at max brightness. By contrast, the OnePlus 2 lasted 5 hours, 19 minutes, while the Moto X lasted 4 hours, 42 minutes. The R7s supports VOOC Flash Charge, which allows you to charge the device up to 90 percent in 50 minutes with the included charger.. The 13-megapixel rear-facing camera is fast and reliable. Autofocus locks on quickly, and auto exposure is able to make rapid adjustments to account for lighting changes. Pictures are clear with true-to-life colors and good detail. Most impressively, is relatively free from blur, even when taking multiple shots of a moving object. That's a notable downside of the Moto X, which often blurs and tends to take softer images despite its higher-resolution sensor.. The camera doesn't do quite as well with low-light shooting, where it suffers from some grain and noise, but that's a problem that all phone cameras struggle with.. The 8-megapixel selfie camera takes crisp shots in well-lit but is prone to blurriness in low-light conditions. The R7s can also capture 1080p video at 30fps, which isn't quite as impressive as. the OnePlus 2 and the Moto X, which can both shoot 4K.. Software and Conclusions The R7s runs Android 5.1 Lollipop with Oppo's heavily customized Color OS 2.1 UI, drawing more influence from Apple's iOS than from Google's Material Design. All of the apps are arranged on the. and there is no app drawer. The settings menus, camera interface, notification drawer, and icons are redesigned look more like Apple, which will likely not please fans of stock Android. Oppo is working on a custom AOSP ROM that will be available for the R7s in 2016. to flash it without voiding the warranty, in order to get a stock Android experience.. There are some useful software features, like one-handed mode, which shrinks the screen so things are more easily reachable; and automatic memory cleanup, which closes and optimizes background processes after the phone is asleep for five minutes. There isn't much bloatware outside of Oppo's customizations, leaving you with 21.68GB of available storage. the microSD slot, storage shouldn't be an issue.. Taken on its own, the Oppo R7s is a solid phablet. with a nice build, a crisp display, good performance, long battery life, and a capable. OnePlus 2 offer better combinations of software, hardware, and features. The Moto X has a sharper. Quad HD display and a more powerful Snapdragon 808 processor. It also comes with optional Moto Maker and a mostly. The OnePlus 2, meanwhile, offers a. USB-C port, a top-of-the-line Snapdragon 810 processor, and. Bottom Line: The Oppo R7s is a good looking unlocked phablet with a nice display and long battery life, but similarly priced rivals offer more power and purer Android software.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 31 results for "OPPO R7s". See all results for OPPO R7s .. Fast Quick Charging OPPO R7s 5ft/1.5M MicroUSB Data Cable allows current fast charging up to 3.0 Speeds!. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. OPPO R7 Plus 32GB 4G LTE (Unlocked) 6.0inch AMOLED 13MP Octa Core ColorOS Dual SIM (R7 Plus Gold). Turbo Fast Powered 15W OPPO R7s SmartPhone Car Charger with Detachable Hi-Power MicroUSB Cable!. Product Features Amazing Turbo speed burst charge up your OPPO R7s. Professional Kingston 256GB OPPO R7s MicroSDXC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for OPPO. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Ultra SanDisk 400GB OPPO R7s MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for OPPO. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Quick Charge OPPO R7s 6ft/1.8M MicroUSB Data Cable with extra strength for all current Fast & Quick Charging Speeds!. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. OEM OPPO R7s Compact 1.8A Wall Charger with 3ft MicroUSB Charing and Data Cable! (White / 110-240v). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Kingston 128GB OPPO R7s MicroSDXC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for OPPO. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. OEM OPPO R7s Compact 1.8A Wall Charger with 3ft MicroUSB Charing and Data Cable! (Black / 110-240v). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Kingston 64GB OPPO R7s MicroSDXC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for OPPO. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Kingston 32GB OPPO R7s MicroSDHC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for OPPO. Professional Kingston 16GB OPPO R7s MicroSDHC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for OPPO. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Ultra SanDisk 256GB OPPO R7s MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for OPPO. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Premium Super OPPO R7s Car Charger with BLUE LED and Heavy Duty 9ft Coiled Cord with MicroUSB! (BLACK, BULK, 1A). Genuine 1A OPPO R7s SmartPhone Compact Wall Charger with Detachable High Power MicroUSB 2.0 Data Sync Cable! (Black / 110-240v). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Genuine 1A OPPO R7s SmartPhone Compact Wall Charger with Detachable High Power MicroUSB 2.0 Data Sync Cable! (White / 110-240v). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. OPPO R7s review Another great mid-range offering from OPPO. by Krystal Lora December 21, 2015. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. -Dual Sim & MicroSD card slot. The Oppo R7s provides a larger screen, larger battery, and even improves its previously already beautiful and premium design. Even with its mid-range specs and feature-packed software, what you get here is a fast, smooth, and overall fun experience.. Processor 1.5 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615. expandable via microSD card by up to 128 GB. Dimensions 151.8 x 75.4 x 7 mm. OPPO may not be particularly well-known outside of its home market, but that is something that is slowly. changing, with the Chinese OEM having some fantastic devices on offer these days. With their latest smartphone release, OPPO is looking to bolster their mid-range portfolio with yet another variant of the OPPO. R7 , with the new addition to the series falling in between the original and the large R7 Plus , at least in terms of size. What else does this mid-range smartphone bring to the table? We find out, in this in-depth OPPO R7s review!. As mentioned, the OPPO R7s, with its 5.5-inch display, falls right in the middle of the 5-inch R7 and the 6-inch R7 Plus, but otherwise looks just like its siblings. Like the other two, the OPPO R7s features a full metal unibody design which is fantastic to look at and feels solid in the hand. However, like the R7 Plus, there are no capacitive navigation keys to be found up front, which helps make the device a touch more compact, allowing for a more manageable handling experience.. The OPPO R7s is thicker than its smaller counterpart, but at 7 mm thick, it is still a very sleek device, and the extra thickness is certainly worth it, given the much larger of a battery OPPO is able to pack into this phone.. Taking a look around the device, the power button and volume rocker are on opposite sides, with both being within comfortable reach. The buttons also feel solid and offer a good amount of tactile feedback, and is another positive indication of OPPO’s focus on design. The headphone jack and microUSB port are at the top and bottom respectively, but unlike its siblings, the single speaker unit has been moved from the back, to now be found at the bottom as well.. When it comes to design and build quality, the gap between mid-range and high-end is definitely closing, and the OPPO R7s is certainly a great example of this. The metal construction is solid and the premium feel is something that even more expensive high-end smartphones may be unable to match. OPPO seems to really care about the design of their smartphones, and as was also the case with its namesakes, the OPPO R7s is definitely one of the most beautifully-designed smartphones out there.. The OPPO R7s comes with a 5.5-inch AMOLED display with a 1080p resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 401 ppi,. and keeping everything protected is a Corning Gorilla Glass 4 panel. While the OPPO R7 may have been too small, and the R7 Plus too big, what the R7s offers is a display size that is large enough to offer an immersive experience, but without the unwieldy and awkward handling experience.. As is expected from an AMOLED panel, you get deep blacks and saturated colors, even if they aren’t as saturated as some other AMOLED displays out there. You also get good viewing angles and brightness isn’t an issue either, allowing for comfortable outdoor viewing. Admittedly, this display may not be the best we’ve seen this year, but be it work or play, you are definitely still going to have a very enjoyable viewing experience overall.. Under the hood, the OPPO R7s comes with an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor, clocked at 1.5 GHz, and backed by the Adreno 405 GPU and 4 GB of RAM. This processing package is the same as what is seen with its siblings, save for the benefit of an additional gig of RAM that the R7s enjoys.. The Snapdragon 615 has been the 2015 mid-range standard, and as expected, the performance of the R7s is also very good. Everything from opening, closing, and switching between apps, to multi-tasking and gaming are handled by the device very well, and save for a few stutters in animations here and there, the overall experience remains smooth.. 32 GB of internal storage is the only option, but expandable storage via microSD card, by up to 128 GB, is also available. Keep in mind however that the second SIM slot is what doubles as a microSD card slot, so users will have to choose between expandable storage or dual SIM capabilities. The R7s also comes with a standard suite of connectivity options, with the exception of NFC. The good news as far as connectivity is concerned is that the R7s was able to connect to the AT&T’s 4G networks the majority of the time, which is often not the case when it comes to devices from other Chinese manufacturers.. Despite appearances, the device comes with only a single speaker unit, now located at the bottom left. The speaker actually allows for a decent audio experience, and while it isn’t the loudest speaker out there, it certainly gets loud enough to get the job done in most situations. However, the speaker placement does mean that you may end up covering it while holding the device in the landscape orientation and muffling the sound, especially while gaming.. The OPPO R7s comes with a large 3,070 mAh battery, that allowed for the device to comfortably run for an entire day, even with some heavy usage. With average use, I was able to push the screen-on time to around 5 hours, without using any of the battery saving modes that are baked in. With heavier use, that involved watching a lot of videos, gaming, and taking pictures, the screen-on time dropped to the 4 hour mark, which is still quite impressive. If you do find yourself needing to recharge the device, you get to take advantage of its fast-charging capabilities, or “flash charging” as OPPO calls it, which allows for the battery to be charged to 90% in just 50 minutes.. The OPPO R7s retains the camera package seen with its counterparts, including a 13 MP rear shooter and an 8 MP front-facing unit. While the device doesn’t comes with the laser auto focus system found with the R7 Plus, what you do get is “Flash Shot” technology, which allows for the camera to focus in just 0.1 seconds, albeit in optimal lighting conditions, and take a shot very quickly.. OPPO also claims that the camera application launches 30% faster this time around, and it certainly seems quite fast. As far as the app itself is concerned, it is the standard Color OS camera app, which may seem somewhat simplistic on the surface, but manages to hide a slew of modes and features underneath. Some of these including Beauty modes, various filters, slow shutter speeds, GIF modes, and even an Audio Photo mode that adds small audio clips to your photos, which is quite fun to play around with. As far as video modes are concerned, you get slow motion capture and time lapse.. As is the case with most smartphone cameras out there, you will be able to get some great photos when outdoors and in good lighting conditions. The colors in the images look good without being too saturated, and there is a lot of detail to be had as well. The camera exposes quite nicely the majority of the time, but for the few times it doesn’t, HDR does a great job in bringing out the shadows or bringing down the brighter areas. A little more contrast wouldn’t hurt, but overall, this proves to be an excellent camera when taking shots outdoors.. In low light conditions however, the shutter speed reduces significantly, and requires very steady hands to avoid blurry images, especially with there being no optical image stabilization available. That said, photos taken in low light certainly aren’t bad, even if there is some processing going on to remove noise, which makes for a softer image.. Videos look decent when recording in Full HD, but that is something you will have to select in the camera settings, with the default video capture resolution set to 720p. You get very realistic and cool colors, unlike a lot of other mid-range smartphones out there, but without OIS, videos can turn out to be quite shaky.. The front-facing 8 MP camera allows for some good looking shots as well, also with a lot of detail. With this being a mid-range device, the front-facing camera is actually quite impressive. Of course, in low light conditions, there is a lot of noise, and the colors aren’t as vibrant, but overall, the images turn out to be quite nice and bright enough.. OPPO may not have introduced any significant upgrades to the camera package when compared to its siblings, but this camera does provide a very pleasant smartphone photography experience, and is packed with plenty. of fun features that, in the end, create photos that are worth posting and sharing.. The OPPO R7s is running Color OS 2.1 with the latest version of OPPO’s software, based on Android 5.1 Lollipop. As anyone familiar with Color OS will know, what you have here is vastly different from the general Android software experience that you may be used to, and while it can take some adjusting to, it is actually quite nice.. Of course, everything functions the same way, just with a different look, with almost everything, from the Recent Apps screen to even the volume controls, being re-designed. However, every re-designed element either serves a purpose, or if that isn’t the case, just looks really cool. For example, when sliding in between tabs in the Settings menu, the text will slide off the screen, depending on where on the screen your finger is, which is a really nice effect. All the animations seen throughout the user interface all have a unified look and feel, and allows for a very smooth and enjoyable software experience.. There is no app drawer here, leaving users dependent on folders to keep things organized. The on-screen navigation keys are also different from the traditional placement that you may be used to, with the back button to the right, and also returning is the menu key, which requires a long press to launch the Recent Apps screen.. Color OS does come with a lot of extra features as well, including an “eye protection display” setting, that tints the screen to a pink hue, which is great for users with sensitive eyes. There is a one-handed mode available, that is easy to launch by simply swiping up from either bottom corner to the middle of the display. There are a lot of gestures as well, including the ability to draw symbols to launch user-specified apps, using two fingers to adjust the volume, and double tapping the home button to lock the screen.. The OPPO R7s is priced at $399, with the only available color option being rose gold. That’s a bit more expensive than a typical Snapdragon 615-powered mid-ranger, but the R7 family does have several extras you won’t typically find at this price point as well.. So there you have it, for this comprehensive look at the OPPO R7s! The attention to detail OPPO has paid, as far as the build quality and the software experience are concerned, is certainly noteworthy. You get a premium look and feel with an otherwise mid-range smartphone, and while it isn’t going to take on the current generation flagships in terms of aspects like performance or camera, the R7s certainly proves to be reliable, and a great choice for those looking for a solid smartphone without breaking the bank.. Oppo R7 Plus , Smartphone Reviews. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Dec 1, 2015. View all photos (8). Based on 1 User reviews. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Like the R7 and R7 Plus before it, the Oppo R7s runs Android Lollipop customized with Oppo's Color OS, and is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor. But the R7s sports a 5.5-inch 1080p display, thus standing in between the R7 and R7 Plus (which offer screens of 5 inches and 6 inches, respectively). The new smartphone further features a 13 MP rear camera, an 8 MP front-facing camera, 4 GB of RAM, and 32 GB of expandable storage space.. OS: Android (5.1), OPPO ColorOS UI. Dimensions: 5.98 x 2.97 x 0.27 inches (151.8 x 75.4 x 6.95 mm). Weight: 5.47 oz (155 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Macro mode, Night mode. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1700 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 20, 5, 8, 3, 1, 7. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 28 Mbit/s, HSUPA. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 18 Oct 2015. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 399. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. OPPO R7s (for US). LTE (FDD): Bands 17, 4, 2, 1, 7. OPPO R7s (for Taiwan). LTE (FDD): Bands 28, 5, 8, 3, 1, 7. LTE (TDD): Bands 39, 40, 41, 38. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct OPPO R7s specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Oppo R7s (with 4 GB of RAM) launches on December 1 in the US and Europe. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Sleek and stylish, but not worth the price. The Good The Oppo R7s looks as sleek as an iPhone 6S and has a pretty decent camera to boot.. The Bad The phone is expensive given its specs, and performance is only on par with much cheaper midrange phones.. The Bottom Line The Oppo R7s has a sleek premium metal body but is too expensive compared to similar phones.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. What's this R7s about? Doesn't Oppo already have the R7 and R7 Plus? The iPhone 6S Plus also has a 5.5-inch screen. How does the R7s compare from a size perspective? Where is this phone available? Which 4G networks will the R7s work with? Is the camera any good?. Oppo's beautiful gold-colored aluminum R7s (it also comes in silver) looks more like a premium phone than its humble midrange innards would suggest, and it unfortunately costs more than other phones with similar specs.. To be sure, I like the R7s' iPhone-like looks, but with disappointing performance its $399 price cannot be justified. (The price converts to about £280.): For just about $100 more, you can snag a Google Nexus 6P, whose 32GB model sells for $499 ($449 for a limited time ) in the US and £449 in the UK.. Although you can buy Oppo's phones through its online OppoStyle website, this R7s doesn't appear to support US LTE bands, which makes the phone an even harder sell for US locals -- you'd be paying quite a bit for a 3G-compatible phone with none of the superfast 4G speeds that you should be getting.. That said, if you live in the other parts of the world, such as Asia, Australia or the UK, and prize style over top-of-the-line power, the R7s' fashion-forward looks could lure you.. Oppo shows off premium design with midrange R7S (pictures). If you're confused, it's because Oppo is making a range of phones based on the original R7 phone. The R7, as you can see from our review here , is a 5-inch phone that sports a similar premium styling to the R7s. The larger R7 Plus, however, has a 6-inch display.. From a size perspective, the 5.5-inch R7s sits right between its two brethren. It costs the same as the original R7 and $100 less than the R7 Plus. So choosing between the three really boils down to which screen size you prefer and whether the features borrowed from the R7 Plus, such as the fingerprint scanner, are important to you.. Interestingly, because the Oppo R7s doesn't need the extra space at the bottom for the iPhone's home button and TouchID sensor, it's a bit smaller in size and a little thinner, though not by much. Oppo has also moved on from having physical touch sensors on the bottom bezel -- the R7s uses software-based buttons for Back, Home and Menu, freeing up more space to further slim down the phone.. Oppo is selling the R7s globally either through local retail channels or its own e-commerce site, OppoStyle. Oppo is also offering the phone through Amazon in some locations. Do check the manufacturer's website for more details.. The good news is like most international compatible phones out of China, the R7s will work on 4G networks in the UK, such as Three and EE, while also compatible with the Optus, Telstra and Vodafone networks in Australia. The bad news is, you'll be stuck with only 3G in the US.. Well, yes, the camera's pretty decent. While it's not as good as the Samsung Galaxy S6 or the iPhone 6S, the rear 13-megapixel camera will take good pictures in places with enough lighting. My only issue is with low-light performance; it's tricky even on the best cameras and the Oppo R7s doesn't handle that too well, with pictures lacking the finer details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Oppo R7s. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Buy at Amazon UK: http://geni.us/pKU | Full review & ratings: http://goo.gl/pVNvzZ Does the latest mid-range offering from OPPO prove to be a good choice? We find out, in this comprehensive OPPO R7s review. Talk about Android in our forums: http://www.androidauthority.com/commu... Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ---------------------------------------------------- Stay connected to Android Authority: - http://www.androidauthority.com - http://google.com/+androidauthority - http://facebook.com/androidauthority/ - http://twitter.com/androidauth/ - http://instagram.com/androidauthority/ Follow the Team: Josh Vergara: https://plus.google.com/+JoshuaVergara Joe Hindy: https://plus.google.com/+JosephHindy Lanh Nguyen: https://plus.google.com/+LanhNguyenFilms Jayce Broda: https://plus.google.com/+JayceBroda Gary Sims: https://plus.google.com/+GarySims Ash Tailor: https://plus.google.com/+AshTailor. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. OPPO R7s Unboxing and First Impressions: A Pleasant Surprise. Oppo R7S Unboxing and Hands On. Oppo R7s Review ENG | HDblog. OPPO A37 Screen Scratch Test Gorilla Glass 4. Oppo R7s vs Oppo R7 Plus (Side-By-Side Comparison). Oppo F1 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S6 - Speed Test! (4K). OPPO R7s vs Asus ZenFone 2 speedtest. OPPO F1s - Unboxing & Hands On!. Oppo F1 Plus Unboxing, Setup & First Look! (4K). Oppo F1s Gold Full Review and Unboxing. Oppo R7 Plus Review: Giving "Plus" a true meaning. Top 10 USES of OTG Cable that will BLOW YOUR MIND!. Unboxing + First Impressions OPPO R7s Indonesia. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Phản hồi không hài lòng bộ ảnh. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Đặc điểm nổi bật của OPPO R7s. OPPO R7s nổi bật với thiết kế mỏng manh nhưng sang trọng, camera nổi trội với chất lượng ảnh đẹp, màn hình lớn, viên pin dung lượng cao 3070 mAh. Thiết kế thời trang, đẳng cấp và sang trọng Camera chất lượng tốt Cử chỉ chuyển động thông minh Cấu hình mạnh mẽ trong tầm giá. OPPO R7s được làm từ nhôm nguyên khối, sản phẩm mỏng chỉ 7 mm thiết kế bo cong mềm mại các góc, màn hình viền cong 2.5D tạo sự hài hòa giữa màn hình với cạnh bên, giúp bạn không bị cấn tay khi cầm máy.. Đặc biệt viền màn hình mỏng chỉ 2.2 mm cho cảm giác màn hình to hơn. Bổ sung màu vàng hồng thời thượng bên cạnh vàng đồng. Camera sau độ phân giải lớn 13 MP cho nước ảnh đẹp, mịn màng, góc chụp rộng giúp thu được nhiều hình ảnh, tính năng chống rung quang học đem đến chất lượng ảnh ít bị nhòe hơn.. Khả năng phóng to hình ảnh 100% của Oppo R7s (Ảnh: Thích Lộ Tiểu ). Góc chụp lớn dưới ánh sáng ban ngày. (Ảnh: Trần Công Hậu ). Ảnh chụp toàn cảnh - panorama. Camera trước độ phân giải 8 MP, tính năng làm đẹp Beautify 3.0 cho ảnh màu sắc tốt và mịn (Ảnh: Tuyền Huỳnh ). Góc chụp rộng trên máy (Ảnh: Nguyễn Lộc). Đây là tính năng độc đáo của hãng Oppo khi cho khả năng nhận dạng cử chỉ nhanh chóng và thực hiện ngay tức thì.. Vẽ kí hiệu tròn để mở nhanh camera. Hay đánh thức máy bằng cách nhấp đúp vào màn hình. Ngoài ra, bạn có thể tùy chỉnh nhiều cử chỉ khác nhau theo các hình vẽ bạn tự đặt, tìm hiểu thêm về cử chỉ màn hình tại đây .. OPPO R7s có kích thước màn hình 5.5 inch tấm nền AMOLED mang chất lượng hiển thị cực kì tốt, ánh sáng ngoài trời cao, góc nhìn rộng.. OPPO R7s dùng chip Snapdragon 615 8 nhân với 4 nhân xung nhịp 1.5 GHz + 4 nhân xung nhịp 1 GHz, đặc biệt RAM 4 GB đầy mạnh mẽ cho khả năng đa nhiệm cực kì tốt, cấu hình tốt so với mức giá, hầu như không xảy ra bất cứ độ trễ nào.. Xem thêm về đánh giá nhanh trên tay Oppo R7s. Dung lượng pin lớn cùng tính năng sạc nhanh VOOC giúp bạn sạc đầy pin với 1 tiếng 25 phút. Oppo R7s hỗ trợ kết nối 4G tốc độ cao, đa dụng với khe sim tùy chọn sử dụng 1 sim cùng 1 thẻ nhớ hoặc sử dụng song song 2 sim cùng một lúc với nhau.. Lựa chọn tùy vào cách sử dụng của bạn. Với thiết kế mỏng, sang trọng, tinh tế từng chi tiết cùng hiệu năng hấp dẫn, tính năng camera rất tốt là lợi thế OPPO R7s mang lại cho bạn.. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Pin sạc dự phòng 7.500 mAh eSaver LA Y103. Dây cáp Micro USB 0.2 m Xmobile MU03. Miếng dán màn hình Oppo R7S. Gậy chụp ảnh Mini Cosano CW1. Pin sạc dự phòng 10.000 mAh eSaver Safari 5. Phụ kiện dành cho OPPO R7s. Bình luận mới vừa được thêm vào. 5.822 bình luận Xem bình luận kỹ thuật. Chào bạn, Rất tiếc máy không có cảm biến vân tay bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 4 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thanh Khiêm phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Oppo r7s sài thẻ nhớ 64gb được không bạn. Chào bạn, OPPO R7s có thể sử dụng được thẻ nhớ 64GB bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 5 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Duy Ngọc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Oppo r7s vs f1s cái nào chơi lp tốt và chụp ảnh đẹp z. Chào chị, Dạ với 2 sản phẩm này thì sản phẩm nào chơi Liên Quân cũng tốt và chụp hình đều đẹp anh nhé, tuy nhiên OPPO R7s thì GPU cao hơn tý nên chơi game tốt hơn tý, còn F1s thì lại có được camera ổn hơn 1 tý đó chị ơi Chia sẻ cùng chị.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 29 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Đăng Dương phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Ngô Thanh Giàu: z là 2 cái chơi lp đều Ko bj lát phải hk. Trường hợp này đúng rồi chị nha , 2 sản phẩm đều đáp ứng tốt game liên quân chị nhé .. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 29 ngày trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Việt Hoàng phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Bên thgdd có dán decal màu cho oppo R7s không QTV. Hiện tại rất tiếc bên em chưa hỗ trợ anh thông cảm anh nhé, Chúc anh buổi tối vui vẻ!. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Việt Nguyễn phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Cho mih hỏi còn oppo r7s cũ ko ạh. Rất tiếc bên em không có R7s cũ ạ! Anh vui lòng tham khảo thêm các sản phẩm khác anh nha! Mong anh thông cảm!. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Hà phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Oppo r7s với iphone 6s plus 16g cái nào được hơn v ad. iPhone 6s Plus 32GB thì mỗi sản phẩm có ưu điểm riêng nhưng đều hỗ trợ nghe gọi sử dụng tốt anh nha. Cả hai máy đều có cấu hình mạnh mẽ vận hành chơi game linh hoạt. Tuy nhiên Oppo thì cho chất lượng camera đẹp và ảo diệu hơn đó anh nha. Còn Iphone 6 thì camera trung thực. Và Oppo thì dung lượng pin lớn hơn giúp trải nghiệm được lâu dài anh nha. Nhưng hệ điều hành ios thì sử dụng ổn định hơn đó anh. Ngoài ra Oppo thì sử dụng hai sim giúp anh thuận... iPhone 6s Plus 32GB thì mỗi sản phẩm có ưu điểm riêng nhưng đều hỗ trợ nghe gọi sử dụng tốt anh nha. Cả hai máy đều có cấu hình mạnh mẽ vận hành chơi game linh hoạt. Tuy nhiên Oppo thì cho chất lượng camera đẹp và ảo diệu hơn đó anh nha. Còn Iphone 6 thì camera trung thực. Và Oppo thì dung lượng pin lớn hơn giúp trải nghiệm được lâu dài anh nha. Nhưng hệ điều hành ios thì sử dụng ổn định hơn đó anh. Ngoài ra Oppo thì sử dụng hai sim giúp anh thuận tiện trong liên lạc đó anh.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Hoa Duyên phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. máy r7s của mình cứ 30s xem phim ở website là bị tắt theo thời gian sáng màn hình,xem youtube thì ko bị là sao vậy ad?. Chào bạn, Dạ điều này là bình thường bạn nhé, bạn dùng máy nào thì cũng sẽ như vậy nha. Bạn có thể mở phim bạn xem ở chế độ toàn màn hình thì sẽ không còn tình trạng này nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Duy Ngọc phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Góc điện thoại bị rơi móp méo. Trường hợp này thì bạn phải mang đến trung tâm bảo hành của nhà sản xuất để được hỗ trợ thay vỏ, viền mới thì mới được nha bạn.. Xin thông tin đến bạn ạ !. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Đặng Thanh phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Chào anh Tú, Bên em ngừng kinh doanh. Điện thoại OPPO R7s rồi ạ. Anh vui lòng tham khảo sản phẩm khác cùng giá, tính năng và có sẵn ở khu vực của anh ạ.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Lan Hương phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. cho e hoi r7sf nang cao dc len he dieu hanh 6.0 dc ko vay. Điện thoại này rất tiếc vẫn chưa có bản cập nhật lên hệ điều hành android 6 bạn nhé.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 1 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Xuân Đạt phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Màn hình: Hệ điều hành: Camera sau: Camera trước: CPU: RAM: Bộ nhớ trong: Thẻ SIM: Dung lượng pin:. AMOLED , 5.5", AMOLED 16 triệu màu. Nano SIM & Micro SIM, Hỗ trợ 4G. HOT Mua sim 4G Viettel (2GB data/tháng). Thông số kỹ thuật chi tiết OPPO R7s. Chạm hai lần để khóa màn hình Oppo R7S. Chạm 2 lần để mở khóa màn hình Oppo R7S. Lật úp tắt chuông cuộc gọi Oppo R7S. Mời bạn tải về giao diện Tết Đinh Dậu 2017 cho điện thoại OPPO. OPPO R11 phiên bản Barcelona lên kệ với giá không hề rẻ. Smartphone Trung Quốc đổ bộ phân khúc cận cao cấp: Ai sẽ lo lắng?. OPPO F1s 2017 chip 8 nhân, RAM 4GB giảm giá còn 6 triệu. OPPO chuẩn bị tung R11 phiên bản đội bóng Barcelona với cấu hình mạnh nhất. Xem tất cả các tin liên quan. Tìm hiểu về mua trả góp. Đăng ký cho thuê mặt bằng. Giới thiệu công ty (mwg.vn). Tìm siêu thị (1747 shop). Gọi mua hàng 1800.1060 (7:30 - 22:00). Gọi khiếu nại 1800.1062 (8:00 - 21:30). Gọi bảo hành 1800.1064 (8:00 - 21:00). Hỗ trợ kỹ thuật 1800.1763 (7:30 - 22:00). Công ty cổ phần Thế Giới Di Động. GPDKKD: 0303217354 do sở KH & ĐT TP.HCM cấp ngày 02/01/2007. GP số 22/GP-ICP-STTTT do Sở TTTT TP HCM cấp ngày 20/03/2012.. Địa chỉ: 128 Trần Quang Khải, P. Tân Định, Q.1, TP.Hồ Chí Minh. Chịu trách nhiệm nội dung: Huỳnh Văn Tốt. Xem chính sách sử dụng web. Đang xử lý, vui lòng đợi trong giây lát.... 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Oppo R7s. All Listings - Current page. Save Oppo R7s to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Oppo R7s to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For OPPO R11 A59 A57 F5 360° Full Cover Hybrid Shockproof Case+9H Tempered Glass. For OPPO 360° Shockproof Matte Soft Rubber Silicone TPU Back Case Slim Cover. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For OPPO R11 F5 A59 A77 Phone Case. Strap leaf Leather Wallet Card Case Cover For Samsung LG OPPO Vivo Phone SD. Slim Aluminium Metal Bumper Case for Oppo Lenovo Soft Mirror Back Phone Cover. Ultra Slim Soft Rubber 360° Protective TPU Back Case Full Cover Skin For OPPO. For OPPO A59 F1S R9 Plus F5 360° Full Protect Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass Cover. PU LEATHER BACK CASE COVER FOR OPPO NEO 7 5 R7S R7 PLUS R9 R9S PLUS A59 A53 A33. Matte Thin Soft Silicone Rubber TPU Back Case Cover Skin For OPPO All Series. THIN PLATED SOFT BACK CASE COVER FOR OPPO R7S R9S R9 R11 PLUS F3 A77 A57. Luxury Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover For OPPO A57 F1S/A59 F3/A77. For Oppo R7S New TPU Matte Mist Gel skin case cover. For Oppo R7 R7S Glossy Ultra Thin Clear TPU Gel Case cover. For OPPO R7/ R7S Slim Full Cover Shockproof Leather Pattern Soft Rubber Case. For OPPO R7S R9 Plus Plating Ultra Slim TPU Leather Soft Phone Back Case Cover. For OPPO R7S R7 Plus Glitter Diamond Sexy Girl Dress Slim TPU Phone Case Cover. For OPPO R7 R9 R11S/Plus ShockProof Luxury Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover. Ultra Thin Clear Transparent Soft Silicone Gel TPU Case Cover Phone Accessories. Luxury Bling Diamond Crystal Ring Holder stand Mirror Phone Case Cover & strap 2. Oppo R7s 32GB White Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Back phone Case Cover & neck strap #C. 360° Full Cover Case For OPPO Protect Shockproof Hybrid Bumper Slim Back 3in1. Luxury Matte PC Cover Case for Oppo R7S R7 R9 R9s R11 Plus F3 360 Full Body Skin. Leaf Strap Wallet Card Leather Case Cover For Acer OPPO Alcatel Meizu ZTE BQ SD. For OPPO A79 A59 A57 A37 Luxury Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover. Cute cartoon Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Case Cover & neck strap. Bling Glitter Purple Quicksand crown Soft Dynamic Back Cover Case & neck strap. Premium Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector Full Cover For Various Phones. Soft Dynamic Liquid Case Quicksand TPU 3D Unicorn Cover For Various Phones. Cool Shockproof Metal Aluminum Skin Hard Nove Case Frame Bumper Cover For Simon. OPPO R7S Case Full Body Cover Protective Mofi Case Cover For OPPO R7S. For OPPO R9 R9 Plus Ultra Slim Shockproof Plating TPU Leather Pattern Case Cover. For OPPO Mobile Phone Case Cartoon Silicone Gift New Soft Back Rubber Skin Cover. Shockproof Stand Flip PU Leather Wallet Case For Oppo Model phone Cover. For Oppo R7plus R7 R7s Ultra Thin Soft Rubber Matte case cover. For OPPO phone Leather Case Cover Pouch Carry Holster +Belt-Clip Pocket Vertical. Bling Glitter Quicksand Purple flower Soft Dynamic back Phone Cover Case & strap. Jewelled Rhinestone Bling Crystal Diamond Soft Back Phone Case Cover & strap #14. Mirror Case For OPPO R7 R9 Plus Metal Bumper + Acrylic Back Cover Phone Sleeve. For OPPO- Phone Case Pouch Holster Nylon Canvas Tactical Holster Belt Clip BLACK. Gold Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector Full Cover For Various Phones. For OPPO CellPhone Luxury Aluminum Ultra-thin Mirror Metal Case + PC Back Cover. Jewelled Rhinestone Bling Crystal Diamond Soft Back Phone Case Cover & strap #P. Handmade Cute Bling Glitter Crystal Flowers Diamond Case Cover+Strap For Oppo. Bling Glitter Quicksand love heart ring kickstand Soft Dynamic Cover Case &strap. For OPPO R7 R7S R9 Luxury Metal Aluminum Frame Acrylic Mirror Back Cover Case. Slim Frosted PC Matte Ultra-Thin Rubberized PC Hard Back Phone Cover Case Skin A. Bling Glitter Pink Quicksand Umbrella Soft Dynamic Back Cover Case & neck strap. 360° Shockproof Painting Slim Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover Skin For OPPO. For Oppo R7 R7s R7plus Full edge covered hard Matte case skin. Men's Luxury Leather Wallet Carry Waist Bag Card Clip Belt Holster Case Cover. New Luxury Shockproof Flower Crystal Bumper Hard Back Case Cover For OPPO Phones. Jewelled Rhinestone Bling Crystal Diamond Soft Back Phone Case Cover & strap #C. For OPPO 360° Shockproof Matte Soft Rubber Silicone TPU Back Case Slim Cover. Full Glass Cover Screen Guard Case For Oppo R7S R7 R9 R9s R11 Plus F3 360. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Ausdroid Australia's favourite source of mobile and personal technology news. Best BYO Plans – 5GB or more. Best BYO Plans – 10GB or more. Best BYO Plans – Unlimited calls and SMS. Telstra Tough Max 2 — Australian Review. Moto Mods – Polaroid Insta-share Printer available for $249. Garmin Vivoactive 3 — Australian Review. Garmin vívofit 4 : Australian Review. Tough machine and now phone maker CAT unveils the S61 with an updated thermal camera on board. LG shows off two new K-series handsets ahead of Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Specs and Details leaked with press renders. Here’s a live shot of the Nokia 7+ in the wild. Split screen support for Android apps in tablet mode is now live in Chrome OS Canary. Chrome OS now supports split screen in Tablet Mode on Stable Channel. New Huawei MediaPad Tablets coming including a new Pro model with M-Pen Stylus support. Code suggests Google Assistant is coming to all Chromebooks. Android, Modding & Updates Apps, Games & Google Services Assistant and Artificial Intelligence. Oreo update for Android Wear on Huawei Watch 2 reportedly disabling Android Pay for users outside US/UK. Here’s why Samsung halted the Android 8 Oreo rollout for Galaxy S8 owners. ChromeOS will soon allow you to run Android apps in the background .. and you can try it today. Android 8.0 Oreo is coming to Australian unlocked HTC U11. Google Pay begins to replace Android Pay, with sharp new app design. Optus opens access to National Geographic app to all Australians. Boost Juice are offering the chance to get a BitCoin just by buying a juice. If you’re visiting Optus Stadium in Perth make sure you download the app before hand. Google Assistant integration is coming to the entire Netgear Arlo range of security cameras. Official Samsung Galaxy S9 covers show up with some familiar and some new cases shown off. Lenovo Smart Display with Google Assistant is the smart home device you know you want. D-Link Expands Range of Google Assistant-Compatible Products. Around the Home Daydream, Cardboard & VR Smartwatches. You can now purchase the Nest Cam IQ in Australia. Google Assistant integration is coming to the entire Netgear Arlo range of security cameras. Netgear introduces the Arlo Pro 2 to the Australian market. D-Link introduces two new HD Wi-Fi cameras with Google Assistant support. Google encourages us to capture our most important memories with VR180 cameras. Lenovo’s Mirage Solo standalone Daydream headset is now official. Lenovo standalone Daydream View headset passes through FCC with 4,000mAh battery. Samsung’s Gear VR experience Droid Repair Bay coming to a Samsung Experience Store near you. Oreo update for Android Wear on Huawei Watch 2 reportedly disabling Android Pay for users outside US/UK. Latest Google app update fixes OK Google lag on Android Wear. The Armani Emporio Connected Android Wear watch is available at Harvey Norman. Australian Pricing and Availability for Kate Spade and Skagen Android Wear watches announced. Now that they support Android Auto you can finally buy that Lamborghini. Huawei used a Mate 10 Pro and it’s built in AI to drive a car. Android Auto makes a big leap at CES 2018. Alpine to release a 9 inch Android Auto unit that hovers above the dash. An early look: Pocket Casts Web Beta. Chris wraps up the biggest news of the week – 4 June. Phil discusses Day Two of Computex Taipei. Phil wraps up the first day of Computex 2017. (Legacy - Do not use) Design / Mobiles / Reviews. Responsive cameras that produces great photos. CPU is a bit under-powered for the device. Speakers are quite tinny for audio playback. 5.5″ 1080p AMOLED display w Gorilla Glass 4. 32GB Storage, microSD in second SIM slot. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, USB-OTG. 3,070 mAh battery with VOOC rapid charging. 151.8 x 75.4 x 6.95mm, 155g. The design progress that Oppo have shown over the last 18 months or so are staggering; for a once shunned “Cheap Chinese Manufacturer” to now be recognised more globally as an up and coming player in the field is a tremendous leap forwards. That leap will undoubtedly be consolidated by delivering a device like the R7s which in most respects is a really solid mid range phone that could nearly be thought of as a high range device if it weren’t for the CPU being under powered.. Oppo are huge in China, but they haven’t quite reached the same level of huge elsewhere. At least, they haven’t caught up with the likes of Samsung, Motorola, Huawei, or HTC just yet. The name doesn’t really excite too many people and without a real blockbuster phone to their name to date, that’s probably a fair reaction to have.. With the Oppo R7S, this needs to change.. The R7S is quite a surprise package at a pretty reasonable price of $529 for a sharp spec phone; Oppo have done a lot of things very right with this phone and (as long as it has marketing and a sales channel to back it up) could certainly be a great step towards Oppo’s growing brand recognition in the Australian market becoming stronger.. The R7S feels solid in your hand thanks to the magnesium-alloy metal unibody design and has enough weight for it to not feel like a toy, but not bulky enough to feel like you’ve gone back 5 years in mobile phone technology — a fine line to walk. However, what felt truly astounding the first time I picked up the phone was just how thin it is – 6.95mm thin to be precise and it really does feel great with the metallic finish around the edges which is where you’ll find the power and volume controls. I have a personal preference to a button layout like this one where (for right hand use) your thumb naturally falls to the power button and just below the volume rocker. This just feels like a really natural flow and prevents; as is the case with some devices for fat fingered users like myself, your finger accidentally turning the in call volume down.. As seems to be a growing trend with devices, the headphone jack resides on the top of the device oriented to the left of that edge. On bottom of the device you’ll find the MicroUSB charging port in the centre and the device speakers on either side of it. The edges are a really slick and finished nicely with a metallic look which adds to the solid, premium feel you’re getting from the device.. The 5.5” screen running 1200 x 1920 resolution @ 401 pixel density and as a result of the resolution and high pixel density is really easy on the eyes. It’s not just how clean the images and video playback are that gives the R7S a good look, but the fluidity of change and the response to touch is speedy and accurate. This alone is a recipe that pretty much any average user is going to really like, it ticks all the boxes with video playback, great display of static images, and more than acceptable resolution.. When you’re talking about screen capabilities one of the other real stand out issues for many users beside display resolution is daylight visibility. This is probably the one area where the screen is a touch lacking for two reasons. The first is that the auto brightness is too slow to respond if you change from an indoor environment to an outdoor bright sunlight area which is a little frustrating but easily overcome by manually adjusting or just waiting for 15 seconds or so for the adjustment. The second is that the screen just isn’t bright enough in a really sunny environment, you’ll find yourself shielding the screen or seeking a bit of shade if you need to read more than a word or two. The brightness (or lack of) certainly isn’t a deal breaker for most users, but it does take a little of the shine off of what otherwise is a well delivered great screen on a solid device.. What has really impressed me with everything so far is the battery life that I’m getting from the device. At 3,070 mAh its hardly the biggest battery going around but the system seems well optimised to minimise the battery waste and after a few days of tinkering constantly I’ve settled back into a normal use pattern. On what I have as a normal pattern of use, I’m getting 2 days out of the R7S which even a genuine flaghship like the Note 5 couldn’t deliver to me.. The disclaimer on the 2 days is that on the second day, you may find you’re charging in the evening instead of bed time and if you have an unexpectedly busy day on day 2, you may get caught out and run out of battery late in the day. A great feature to avoid this though (you’ll need to turn this on in Settings) is based on your usage pattern, the phone will tell you in the evening if you’re unlikely to make it through the next day without charging the device.. What really caught my attention with the R7s is the speed of charging when you use the supplied charger. VOOC charging is quick — really quick. If you’re just after a quick top up to make sure you get through the day I plugged in for 17 minutes and added 35% to the battery and if you’ve got 30 minutes to spare you’ll go from dead flat to at least 75% which I tested; from 2% battery, plugged in for a carefully timed 30 minutes I then had 81% battery which is an astounding achievement if you really struggle to get through a day with a single charge.. After working with Chris to express why the Nexus 5X was a disappointment to many and our merciless stance on the camera which should be good but actually really isn’t, I have to really give the camera on this phone a big wrap. The results are extremely good, the user interface is excellent and the performance of the software – particularly the responsiveness of it is nothing short of brilliant even in what is pretty poor lighting conditions.. When the camera software on the R7s got really exciting for me personally was when one of “those” moments with my kids happened and I got my first taste of flash shot. It’s their own technology that gives you quick launch of the application and .3 of a second focus time so from the time you launch the camera app, you really can be taking photos in a matter of a second or so and the focus on moving targets comes relatively close second to the LG G4 and Samsung’s recent efforts in the S6 range and Note 5.. There really weren’t any surprises for me when it comes to the connectivity options on the Oppo R7s. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS and a full set of cellular connectivity options – GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz, WCDMA: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz, 4G LTE: 1/3/5/7/8/28/TD-38/39/40/41. You won’t get stuck if you’ve got a Micro SIM or Nano SIM because both options can be utilised thanks to the Micro SIM slot doubling as a second SIM slot. All in all, a solid effort that won’t leave you wanting for anything that is really clearly missing from most users day to day use needs.. For a phone that nearly shows itself as a premium device, my expectations were fairly high and for the most part the audio capability of the R7s delivered. The external speakers are loud enough that you won’t need the vibrating alert to know your phone is ringing and in a quiet environment you’ll certainly need to turn the volume down. But the volume is not the main highlight with the sound, the call quality (while dependant on network) is outstanding and the audio playback via headphone output or via the external speakers is also very good.. Don’t get me wrong, the playback isn’t going to electrify your senses but for a speaker thats about the size of a fingernail it does very well even if it is a little tinny. The volume is plentiful which was already mentioned and the vocal range for music is really solid and clean and the high range is clear without becoming shrill at high volume. Where this; well… every mobile phone speaker falls down in sound playback is the bass, or lack of which prevents it from being an immersive experience.. One issue I did discover after prolonged playback via the headphone jack is that the phone occasionally drops some of the audio channels and requires a reboot of the device to resolve it. The likelihood is that most users aren’t going to find this issue; while it’s worth a mention its unlikely a deal breaker for anyone.. While the phone specifications put it at the sharp end of the mid range, the Snapdragon 615 CPU does let it down a little; a newer, quicker CPU might have been preferable, but when you get your hands on the R7S does a great job of delivering the performance that users expect of mobile phones now.. This would undoubtedly be aided by the 4GB of RAM that has been put in the device. Even with a reasonable number of apps loaded in the background I am yet to see any lag in switching between apps or even loading fresh ones, although loading high memory use apps such as games does take a touch longer than other devices I’ve used in the past – that’s what happens when you use a lower end CPU.. If you’re a fan of lots of storage the option is available to either have a second SIM in the device or use the SIM2 slot for a MicroSD card, but storage can be a great option to keep apps and storage of photos, music and movies off your device which long term means your performance will remain at a higher level.. I’m just going to say it that Colour OS is not my favorite OEM release of Android; in fact it doesn’t even rate a mention. Much like Huawei’s EMUI I find it to be a bit clumsy, unpredictable and difficult to use compared to the work flow you’ll get from other manufacturers versions. For the most part I have solved this by dumping a new launcher on the device; Action Launcher 3 which has 98% cured what makes Colour OS feel so clumsy with menus, widgets and shortcuts behaving more predictably and immediately changing my perception of the phone.. This isn’t just a basic use device, its nearly a premium device and the software is one of the factors holding back from that since its running Android 5.1.1 Lollipop out of the box. Marshmallow has been out long enough that the Oppo R7S could have 6.0 Marshmallow on it but sadly does not which may have some (although likely it will be minimal) effect on the ultimate sales results. I’ve been playing and tweaking some of the software settings along the way and after a bit of adjustment I’ve found that it could actually be a really good device for someone who need a solid performing device with great battery life. In hindsight, the Oppo R7S feels like what I hoped the Nexus 5x would be.. Over the last couple of years I’ve softened to some of the manufacturers Android skins, particularly Sense and Touchwiz but at the present time ColorOS has yet to win me over. The presentation is quite acceptable but the issue that I have is that the menu systems are segmented more (however logically) than other OEMs do however, their customisation options are spread out throughout these menus which seems a little counter-intuitive.. The navigation is not so complex that you struggle to find options, but the setup is quite detached in areas from what users would recognise as the norm. What will be more of an issue for many users inside ColorOS than the menus is the automated disabling of apps and preventing them from using background data. For some apps this is fine, but for others its crippling to your needs.. This runs true for several apps but the ones I found most frustrating to have this issue is Twitter, Telegram (used heavily for communication within the Ausdroid team) and Hangouts which I use to communicate with a number of friends. There is a way around this though, for anyone who is yet to find it in settings —> Application Management —> Running applications and hit the “lock” button next to the running app that you wish to keep running full time.. Like many instances of OEM launchers, its not going to be to everyones taste so (after a short period of soldiering on with the stock option) I dropped Action Launcher on there which makes the behaviour very predictable and comfortable to me and for me it significantly improved the experience.. This is where Oppo have things very, very right with ColorOS. When it come to bundled apps on the R7s there’s really not a lot to talk about outside of the expected Google Apps. Like their competition, Oppo have their own take on what a calendar should be, an internet browser (just install Chrome!), Calculator, their own email client and a weather app. Each of the include applications on the device out of the box are quite capable of their intended function but to be brutally honest; there’s better on the Play Store that will only cost you a few bucks.. When it comes to the almighty dollar, if you used the device then went looking for it, based on the user experience and performance you’d be stunned at just how cheap the R7s is at retail shops. Dick Smith are currently selling them for $423.20 or if you’re more inclined to follow a retail path that will have warranty and after sales service in 6 months or so you can pursue any of the online retailers within Australia or purchase it from the Oppo Online shop for AU$529 and is available in either gold or silver. Unfortunately at the moment there aren’t any options with the carriers to pick the R7s up on a 24 month contract which could certainly entice more buyers who are looking for a new phone that offers them really good bang for their buck.. The Oppo R7S can be cheaper and is a better experience than the LG Nexus 5X I’ve only had for a few months. Its impressive that Oppo have done such an outstanding job of delivering what could be considered very close to a premium device with an easy on the eyes screen, amazing battery life (with just as astounding charging speeds on VOOC) and delivered this all at the cost of a low to mid range device. A couple of corners have been cut in the specs and you’ll notice this if you play a lot of games or are a processor intensive user; multitasking and switching between apps a lot but that is unfortunately the price you pay for not wanting to pay the price of a premium device.. Phil is an Android enthusiast who spends most of his time reading up on U.S. Android news so he can get the low down on what could possibly hit Australian shores. Coming from a background in IT & T sales, he’s in the perfect position to give an educated view on hardware and software.. Previous Optus unveils plans for lots of football action including English Premier League and 2018 World Cup. Next Telstra’s mobile network suffers second network outage in as many months. 5 Comments on "Oppo R7s — Review". Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. Phil – probably the best review I have seen for ages. If the R7s came out before the R7 Plus I probably would have bought it on your review, but settled on the Plus. I have been looking toward Oppo since the Find 7 came out. The R7s would be closer to the sweet spot for handling / pocket size and features (and same Oppo build quality) for a great asking price. Now waiting the imminent arrival of the R9 series and even the Find 9 if that ever turns up later. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. The screen resolution is 1920 x 1080 not 1920 x 1200. Mi Band 2 is actually Mi Band 1S too, remember……. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. Genuine question that’s probably been discussed a million times before: why do these OEMs insist on perverting the pure Android experience? Surely the price point of their phones would be even better value if they weren’t wasting time and money on developing their own flavour of Android?. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. The OEMs don’t really answer that directly, but talk about providing value added services through their OS modifications. Case in point is Xiaomi who don’t make a huge amount of money off their handsets, but make money from the theme store and other software sales tied to the operating system.. The design and aesthetic doesn’t really appeal to our design sensibilities but in other markets, this style is definitely appreciated. In terms of this though, Oppo is working on generic AOSP style ROMs for their phones to add a more stock Android experience.. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. those bezels makes me stop looking at it. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. I wonder if the phone would’ve benefited from having a Snapdragon 650 and 3GB of RAM as opposed to the included Snapdragon 615 and 4GB of RAM. I don’t know if the cost would’ve worked out the same. I’m cynical about whether most people need more than 3GB of RAM in a phone. Many laptops only come with 4GB! I tried ColorOS on my OnePlus One and found that it was similar to other Chinese ROMs used by Xiaomi, LeTV, Lenovo and Asus. For some reason, they’re all extremely similar. ColorOS is probably the best of the ones I listed; …. Tough machine and now phone maker CAT unveils the S61 with an updated thermal camera on board. CAT, a company more well known for their big machinery is also in the ruggedised …. If you’d like to support Ausdroid, or if you use an ad-blocker, we ask you to consider supporting our Patreon .. You choose your level of support, and know that you’re helping us keep the lights on and the news flowing.. Sounds like time for an Ausdroid Lamborghini giveaway ;)... Now that they support Android Auto you can finally buy that Lamborghini ·. Drop Bear What gimped software? Have you used EMUI 8? Its not Huawei 2014. Sure it still needs refinement but... Huawei P20 prototype photos leak showing a new design language and a lack of volume buttons ·. Jeff Still nothing on MATE 9, mine and 6 other owners I know.... [Update: Optus says no to HTC One M9] HTC One M9 and Huawei Mate 9 Oreo updates rolling out to Optus users ·. Matthew McQuilty Sony always seems to be the "nearly" phone company. Hopefully they can ship it soon... Sony’s first full screen phones, the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact leaked by Evan Blass prior to their MWC 2018 unveiling ·. Tibb So How soon before product images become ads in your standard Android messenger? I have a Samsung S8+ o... Google set to show the potential of RCS at MWC 2018 ·. Guest A lot of other 3rd party keyboards (and the Google default?) have the swype functionality built in,... Swype Keyboard has now been discontinued ·. But he was in Australia for a while during his Google Docs years.... Google Head of Communications and Photos products, Anil Sabharwal is heading to Australia as Engineering Site lead ·. Terry I think this guy comes from Canada.... Google Head of Communications and Photos products, Anil Sabharwal is heading to Australia as Engineering Site lead ·. Dano Apple didn't have that much pull in 2011 when iMessage began... Head of Android Hiroshi Lockheimer says to expect Android Go, Android One, Assistant, Lens and RCS at Mobile World Congress ·. Yianni Probably because Apple tells carriers how it's going to be where as carriers tell Android vendors ho... Head of Android Hiroshi Lockheimer says to expect Android Go, Android One, Assistant, Lens and RCS at Mobile World Congress ·. Ausdroid is a labour of love. Ausdroid is Australia’s only news outlet dedicated to coverage of all things Android, mobile and personal technology.. We’re independent, and though we work with major brands, we don’t work for them; we share our opinions, not theirs, and that won’t ever change.. Tune in for your daily fix of news from our talented writers. and enjoy the best of what Ausdroid has to offer.. About Ausdroid · Ausdroid Staff · Disclosure and Interests · Editorial Statement · Contact Us · Send us a tip. Google Assistant is going large with more language support, Routines (Finally!) and on more. phone… https://t.co/zoP1yxTrX3 55 mins ago. Now that they support Android Auto you can finally buy that. Lamborghini https://t.co/svutMYs5hQ https://t.co/Vyy0IqpO0S 1 hour ago. Sony’s first full screen phones, the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact leaked by Evan Blass prior to their MWC 2018. unveil… https://t.co/Vt52ucIzo8 9 hours ago. Google set to show the potential of RCS at MWC. 2018 https://t.co/xU4Tg3uXK5 https://t.co/zDaSJXiBgg 17 hours ago. Brought to you by (amongst other things) Dan Goodes. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved.. You are going to send email to. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Phone Rivals Click on a rival to jump to it. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). High screen-to-body ratio (76.57 %). Common for both Pros & Cons. Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). Common for both Pros & Cons. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches vs 0.29 inches). Common for both Pros & Cons. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches vs 0.26 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). Common for both Pros & Cons. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches vs 0.29 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Small dimensions (5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 inches). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). Common for both Pros & Cons. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches vs 0.25 inches). Common for both Pros & Cons. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches vs 0.26 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Small dimensions (5.63 x 2.80 x 0.25 inches). Common for both Pros & Cons. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.27 inches vs 0.25 inches). Oppo R7s (with 4 GB of RAM) launches on December 1 in the US and Europe. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Christmas come early? The stylish, powerful Oppo R7S launches for $400 in December. Where you can buy the Oppo R7S. Oppo, the Chinese manufacturer behind some very unusual phones, announced the R7S. an evolution of the R7 released earlier this year, but rather than add crazy features like rotating camera lenses , the R7S concentrates on being thin, lightweight and powerful. It also does a great impression of an iPhone 6S.. Updated on 11-30-2015 by Malarie Gokey:. Corrected the article to reflect that the Oppo R7S sports a Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor — not the Snapdragon 810, as previously stated.. discuss launch dates for the R7S at first, but has since confirmed the schedule to Digital Trends. The phone will first go on sale during the last week of November in Australia, Taiwan, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Vietnam, where it’ll be sold in retail stores.. and Europe, the R7S will be available through the oppostyle.com website at the beginning of December, when it’ll cost $400. That’ll be for an unlocked, SIM-free phone. We’re still waiting for an exact date, and we’ll update here when it’s revealed, but keep a watch on the store over the next few weeks if you’re interested.. The body is made of a metal alloy with a special coating over the top to maintain the finish, and the Gorilla Glass 3 covering the 5.5-inch screen has a 2.5D shape which Oppo calls Arc Edge. The AMOLED display has a 1080p resolution, and shows Oppo’s own ColorOS 2.1 user interface over Android 5.1.. The latest ColorOS is designed to be much faster than before, with improvements in app launch and boot speeds, plus there are several interesting software additions to the phone. These include notifications appearing on the lock screen, even when it’s asleep, a memory management process, and gestures to launch particular apps or features when the screen is switched off.. Oppo has chosen the Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 to power the R7S, along with a RAM boost to 4GB. There’s a MicroSD card slot to add more storage space to the 32GB internal allocation, and a 3070mAh battery with fast charging capabilities has been squeezed into the 6.9mm thick, 155 gram body.. A 13-megapixel camera inside a square lens holder — perhaps the only area where the R7S doesn’t look like an iPhone — is on the rear, and an 8-megapixel selfie cam is on the front. Features include an image stabilization system, editing tools and filters, a special low-light mode, and a beautification setting for the selfie camera.. Updated on 11-19-2015 by Andy Boxall: Added in news of the R7S’s international release date. The OnePlus 6 may have an on-screen fingerprint sensor and arrive in early 2018. Here are all the Nokia phones HMD Global unveiled at MWC 2018. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, XA2, and L2 hands-on review. Moto E4 Plus: Big-screen budget battle. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Oppo recognizes the value of stock Android, offers a special version for the Find 7. Here are all the Nokia phones HMD Global unveiled at MWC 2018. ZTE debuts budget-friendly Blade V9, and its first Android Go-powered phone. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Oppo R7s Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Oppo R9s Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Oppo R7s vs Oppo R9s: 97 facts in comparison. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. 8 x 2GHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953). Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. Damage resistant glass (such as Corning Gorilla Glass or Asahi Dragontrail Glass) is thin, lightweight, and can withstand high levels of force.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 625). Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. All DLNA certified products are compatible with one another. When different devices are connected to the same network, data can be transferred easily between them.. Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. 802.11ac wireless works on the 5GHz frequency range. It offers higher transfer rates, improved reliability and improved power consumption. It provides advantages for gaming and HD video streaming.. The device has a fingerprint scanner which identifies the user.. The web browser has automatic word wrap when zooming, the user can easily read long lines without scrolling horizontally.. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
Beranda Produk Perangkat Aksesoris Global ColorOS Tentang OPPO News Karir Global Store Dukungan Pertanyaan Umum Service Center Hubungi Kami Downloads Global Global. Beranda /. Menghadirkan seri terbaru dari varian OPPO R7, menghilangkan kekhawatiran Anda tentang daya. Memberikan Anda baterai yang tahan sepanjang hari. Besar dalam daya, ukuran, dan gaya – OPPO R7s mencakup semua kebutuhan komunikasi Anda.. Memberi Anda baterai yang tahan sepanjang hari. Dilengkapi dengan baterai besar berkapasitas 3070mAh, R7s juga mengusung teknologi VOOC Flash Charge.. Penguji Tegangan tertanam ke dalam Adaptor. Identifikasi VOOC tertanam ke dalam Adaptor. Identifikasi VOOC tertanam ke dalam Telepon. Penguji Tegangan tertanam ke dalam Telepon. Pengisian daya hanya 5 menit saja cukup untuk Anda melakukan 2 jam waktu bicara. Standar keselamatannya yang terjamin, dengan lima tingkat perlindungan yang berkisar dari adaptor daya, kabel pengisian daya, hingga antarmuka dan keselamatan baterai diperhatikan sepenuhnya.. Kecepatan semakin tinggi, muatan semakin besar. Dengan daya yang tahan baterai yang lama mampu membuat Anda bisa menjalankan tidak hanya perangkat biasa, namun R7s juga dilengkapi dengan prosesor delapan inti yang gesit dan RAM 4 GB.. Rasakan pengunduhan secepat kilat, performa permainan yang lancar, dan kemampuan multitasking yang mumpuni. Anda bahkan bisa menambahkan kartu microSD hingga 128 GB untuk menyimpan semua foto, video, dan musik untuk hiburan tanpa henti seharian.. Bezel ultra-tipis 2,2 mm, layar tepi lengkung 5,5 inci. Bodi luar yang ramping dan bezel layar ultra-tipis 2,2 mm dari R7s yang menakjubkan menyatu demi desain fantastis yang akan Anda sukai.. Dibuat dari paduan logam premium yang dibuat dengan teknologi pelapisan permukaan yang canggih, perangkat yang tangguh ini bertujuan dirancang untuk menjadi smartphone yang amat mengagumkan.. Layar tepi lengkung 5,5 inci yang luar biasa dari R7s menyatu demi desain fantastis yang akan membuat Anda suka karena nyaman digenggam.. Lekukan unik menambahkan kesan keseimbangan, pesona, dan keanggunan pada permukaan metalik dan layar kaca tepi lengkung 2,5D berwarna dari R7, menjadikan R7s tidak hanya nyaman untuk digenggam, tapi juga indah & menyenangkan untuk dipandang.. Dapatkan detail terbaik ketika mengambil foto dengan kamera belakang 13 megapiksel dan kamera depan 8 megapixel dari R7s, Anda akan terpesona dengan kualitas hasil bidikan Anda.. Wajib bagi Anda yang hobi selfie. Dengan Beautify 3.0 untuk selfie yang mengagumkan, Beragam Filter, Double Exposure, Ultra HD, kemampuan pengambilan gambar definisi tinggi pada kondisi cahaya remang, dan lensa definisi tinggi untuk bidikan spontan, Anda tidak akan pernah melihat jepretan smartphone dengan cara yang sama lagi.. Kemampuan pengambil gambar HD di bawah kondisi cahaya remang. Bersiaplah untuk mengabadikan adegan yang mendebarkan, momen yang berharga, dan potret fantastis semuanya dengan kemudahan profesional.. Untuk antarmuka yang lebih cepat, lebih mulus, lebih bagus & menarik. Ucapkan selamat tinggal kepada tata letak ikon yang berantakan dan proses penyortiran yang ribet di layar awal Anda.. Waktu Peluncuran Aplikasi yang Lebih Singkat. ColorOS 2.1 semakin mudah mudah penyortiran otomatis ikon pada desktop melalui guncangan cepat perangkat, hingga transfer cepat di antara halaman dan manajemen tumpak (batch) yang efisien.. ColorOS 2.1 hadir dengan pembersihan memori yang efisien.. Fitur-fitur seperti off-screen gesture, manajemen memori pintar selama waktu layar senggang, pemberitahuan layar penguncian tentang pesan masuk, serta fitur-fitur mudah yang diaktifkan dengan pergeseran hadir bersama untuk memuluskan upaya penataan dan komunikasi Anda di perjalanan.. Ketika menyangkut pilihan, R7s sangat ideal bagi mereka yang perlu menyeimbangkan antara kerja dan bermain, antara rumah dan perjalanan. Dengan kecepatan 4G, SIM ganda, dan slot perluasan kartu microSD, menjaga keseimbangan kerja dan kehidupan belum pernah semudah ini.. ColorOS 2.1, based on Android 5.1. ColorOS 2.1, based on Android 5.1. Full HD (1920 by 1080 pixels). Multi-touch, Capacitive Screen, Gorilla Glass 4 Support for Gloved and Wet Touch Input. Dual-SIM: Micro-SIM Card and Nano-SIM Card. Sensor Jarak Sensor Cahaya G-sensor. OPPO R7s In-ear type earphones Kabel Micro USB VOOC Flash Charger mini Pendorong SIM Card Documentation Case. Produk OPPO A83 OPPO F5 OPPO F3 Lihat Semua Perangkat Teknologi VOOC Pure Image Dukungan Hubungi Kami FAQ Service Center OPPO Care Tentang OPPO Karir Press Events #UpgradeToFullScreen OPPO x AOV Garena F5 Selfie Battle First Sale OPPO F3. *Bebas Biaya Bahasa Indonesia & English. Senin - Minggu, 09:00 - 21:00 WIB (Termasuk Hari Libur Nasional). Hak Cipta © 2013 - 2016 OPPO Indonesia. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. Ready to root your R7s? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your OPPO R7s. How To Root OPPO R7s In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices OPPO Oppo R7s. Overhaul Your Oppo R7s ‘ Inner Ability and Potential. OPPO may not be particularly well-known outside of its home market, but that is something that challenges the other brands in the market these days, also with the Chinese OEM having some fantastic devices on offer these days. OPPO has an offering in which it is looking to bolster their mid-range portfolio with yet another variant of the OPPO R7, with the new addition to the series falling in between the original and the large R7 Plus dubbed as the Oppo R7s which is definitely one of the best bang-for-buck smartphones currently on the market.. The Oppo R7s sits in the middle of OPPO ‘s current high-end line-up which comes with an attractive feature; a lovely fit and finish. It looks good and feels great to hold.. It supports Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by), and comes with a 5.5 inches AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, delivering 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density) display resolution which has great viewing angles and the colors look vivid, and the backlight is bright enough to make the screen visible in direct sunlight. It uses Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection as well. It ‘s running on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) with Color OS 2.1 skinned on top. Powered by Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615, Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53, Adreno 405 GPU that makes the handset performs responsively during the vast majority of day to day tasks.. It also runs on 4GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. Thanks also that the phablet supports expandable storage via microSD, with the slot also functioning as a second SIM card slot. It ‘s expandable of up to 256GB. As for the camera segment, it sports a 13MP primary camera which is more than acceptable for day-to-day use with phase detection autofocus, LED flash, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR, and an 8MP selfie snapper front facing secondary camera. It also features an active noise cancellation with dedicated mic, and fast battery charging: 75% in 30 min (VOOC Flash Charge). Powering the house is non-removable Li-Po 3070 mAh battery which is another big plus actually. The package includes a "VOOC" fast charging kit, a clear rubbery case, and a pair of disappointing earphones.. There ‘s nothing really big issues here, besides, there ‘s a way to make things. better or filling in the flaws, to make your device better-performing than ever,--- and that is through rooting. Rooting is a process of gaining root access to internally divert the sysytem into personal control by breaking the restrictions, enabling customizations and modifications to your limit. However, such process doesn ‘t come that easy, rather it ‘s tricky and risky, it voids your warranty automatically and may brick your device. Thankfully, theres ‘s One Click Root that makes rooting easy on you. It makes rooting so simply easy, fast, and safe. It ‘s 100% safe and reversible, so it ‘s worriless, and hassle-free. Want that ultimate Android experience and convenience like no other? The root now with One Click Root!. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
News / Top 10 / Opinions / Features / How-To / Deals / Business. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Tablets / Phones / Apps / Software / Security / Printers / Cameras /. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. First Looks Product Guides Cell Phone Reviews Oppo R7s (Unlocked). The Oppo R7s is a good looking unlocked phablet with a nice display and long battery life, but similarly priced rivals offer more power and purer Android software.. Editor Rating: Excellent (4.0) Dec 17, 2015. Dual SIM capabilities and expandable memory.. Heavy custom UI layer makes future Android updates unlikely. The Oppo R7s is a good looking unlocked phablet with a nice display and long battery life, but similarly priced rivals offer more power and purer Android software.. Design, Display, and Features The overall look and feel of the Oppo R7s. is vaguely reminiscent of the iPhone 6s Plus. There's no physical home button, but the glass-clad front and metal unibody design bear a distinct resemblance to Apple's popular device. The R7s measures 5.98 by 2.97 by 0.28 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.47 ounces. and lighter than both the Moto X (6.06 by 3.00 by 0.44; 6.31 ounces) and the OnePlus 2 (5.98 by 2.95 by 0.39 inches; 6.17 ounces).. that falls right between Oppo's 6-inch R7 Plus and 5-inch R7. At 5.5 inches and $399 (32GB), it competes directly with the. Editors' Choice-winning Moto X Pure Edition and the. That's some stiff competition, though the R7s manages to hold its own thanks to a premium build, a high-quality display, and good battery life. the Moto X Pure Edition and OnePlus 2 are stronger when it comes to performance and software, and remain better bets for the price.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. Chip Design Flaw Not Limited to Intel, Researchers Say. Patches for Linux, Windows, and macOS are required, with the side effect .... 13 Geeky Gifts for the Nerd in Your Life. There is probably someone on your list who could be described as .... The 100 gems represent the top 4 percent of the thousands of .... Turning an engineering-driven business into a numbers-driven one would strangle innovation.. iPhone X Face ID Data: Does it Stay on Your Phone or Not?. Apple is reportedly giving developers some access to Face ID data so .... About About PCMagazine Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise AdChoices. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for oppo r7. All Listings - Current page. Save oppo r7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow oppo r7 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For OPPO R11 A59 A57 F5 360° Full Cover Hybrid Shockproof Case+9H Tempered Glass. Oppo R7 Dual Sim LTE Silver 5" AMOLED Octa-core 16GB 3GB RAM Phone By FedEx. OPPO R7 Plus (4GB RAM) (64GB Storage) Gold 4100mAh R9 R11. TPU Case Cell Phone Case Cover Shockproof Transparent For OPPO R9 R7 Plus. For OPPO 360° Shockproof Matte Soft Rubber Silicone TPU Back Case Slim Cover. PU LEATHER BACK CASE COVER FOR OPPO NEO 7 5 R7S R7 PLUS R9 R9S PLUS A59 A53 A33. Oppo R7 Plus 32gb Gold Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Oppo R7s 32GB White Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Ultra Slim Soft Rubber 360° Protective TPU Back Case Full Cover Skin For OPPO. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For OPPO R11 F5 A59 A77 Phone Case. Oppo R7 16GB LTE Unlocked A *VGC* + Warranty!!. Matte Thin Soft Silicone Rubber TPU Back Case Cover Skin For OPPO All Series. 360° Protection Shockproof Matte Hard Back Case Slim Cover For OPPO A59/F1S A57. For OPPO R11/S R9/S R7 Plus 360° Full Shockproof Luxury Slim Back Case Cover. Luxury Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover For OPPO A57 F1S/A59 F3/A77. Oppo R7 Plus 32gb Gold Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. For OPPO A59 F1S R9 Plus F5 360° Full Protect Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass Cover. For Oppo R7 R7Plus Soft TPU Matte Gel Case cover. Ultra Thin Clear Transparent Soft Silicone Gel TPU Case Cover Phone Accessories. THIN PLATED SOFT BACK CASE COVER FOR OPPO R7S R9S R9 R11 PLUS F3 A77 A57. For OPPO R7S R7 Plus Glitter Diamond Sexy Girl Dress Slim TPU Phone Case Cover. Genuine Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector For OPPO R7 R9 R11 Plus A37 A57 A59. For Various Mobile Phone Case Cover HOT 3D Cute Cartoon Beard Cat Soft Silicone. Full Glass Cover Screen Guard Case For Oppo R7S R7 R9 R9s R11 Plus F3 360. Luxury Matte PC Cover Case for Oppo R7S R7 R9 R9s R11 Plus F3 360 Full Body Skin. Hot Hot Cute Bearded Cat Cartoon Soft Silicon Case Cover Back For Various Phones. For OPPO 360° Shockproof Slim Dragon Soft Silica Rubber Back Case Cover Skin. For OPPO Mobile Phone Case Cartoon Silicone Gift New Soft Back Rubber Skin Cover. ULTRA-THIN PU LEATHER BACK CASE COVER FOR OPPO NEO 7 5 R7S R7 PLUS R9 R9S PLUS. Oppo R7 16GB LTE Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. Original For OPPO R7 Plus 6.0 inch LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer +3M White. For OPPO A79 A59 A57 A37 Luxury Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover. For OPPO F5 F3 A59 A77 A73 A57 R11 R9 Shockproof Ultra-Thin Hard Case Cover Back. For OPPO R7 R9 R11S/Plus ShockProof Luxury Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover. Minions Cover for OPPO R7 Plus, Quality Painted Case WeirdLand. 16x52 Zoom Hiking Monocular Telescope Lens Camera HD Scope Hunting +Phone Holder. Premium Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector For OPPO R7 R9 R11 Plus A37 A57 A59. For Oppo R7S New TPU Matte Mist Gel skin case cover. SpongeBob Cover for OPPO R7, Multi-design Painted Quality Case. For OPPO CellPhone Luxury Aluminum Ultra-thin Mirror Metal Case + PC Back Cover. For OPPO Ultra Thin 360° Full Protective Shockproof Phone Case Cover. Full Cover Carbon Fiber Tempered Glass Anti-Explosion Screen Protector For OPPO. Hatsune Miku しんかいしょうじょ Phone Case For iPhone 4 Samsung galaxy s3 Huawei Xiaomi. Luxury 360° Shockproof Hybrid Bumper Hard Back Case Cover For OPPO F1s(A59)/A37. For OPPO R7S R9 Plus Plating Ultra Slim TPU Leather Soft Phone Back Case Cover. Handmade Glitter Bling Diamond Soft Edge Hard Back Cover Peacock Case for OPPO. Soft Dynamic Liquid Case Quicksand TPU 3D Unicorn Cover For Various Phones. Soft cartoon Silicone 3D Squishy bear Fundas back Case Phone Cover for OPPO. For Oppo luxury Wallet card holder Magnetic flip Leather case cover + stylus. Shockproof Secret Garden Diamond TPU Plating Clear Case Cover for Mobile phone. Luxury Fashion Flip PU Leather Multi-function Pouch Wallet ID Card Case Cover #2. Luxury PU Leather Flip Wallet Card Stand Case Cover For Apple / OPPO / Meizu. For iPhone ,Samsung Galaxy ,HuaWei ,XiaoMi ,OPPO ,MOTO. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Mobile Phones Home Theatre Home Appliances Wearable Tech Networking Coffee machines. Oppo’s $529 mid-range metal smartphone reviewed Leigh D. Stark 2 years ago Google Android , Mobile Phones Specs Design Performance. With phones hitting well and truly past the thousand dollar mark, the mid-range is now the attractive area to price a device, and with a tag of $529 outright and a decent spec sheet, Oppo’s R7s may well offer some of the best value out there.. Oppo has been a busy bee of late, and the R7s is the latest attempt for the company to wedge itself in as a provider of solidly built middle ground machines.. This is the third model we’ve seen that carries the “R7” moniker, and really it feels like this one is targeted to the person that just wants a solid mid-rounder capable of surviving the day, which is what the specs indicate.. As such, you’ll find the Oppo R7s arrives with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 eight-core processor paired with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage, though it can support a microSD if you have one and are using a microSIM.. Google’s Android 5.1 “Lollipop” runs on the Oppo R7s, though it’s a little different from the standard installation as Oppo has customised it into its own operating system called “ColorOS”.. A 5.5 inch Full HD AMOLED screen covers this chip, showing up the 1920×1080 resolution with roughly 400 pixels per inch and a layer of Corning’s scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass 4 protecting it.. The screen also protects the rest of the innards in the R7s, which includes connection options for Category 4 4G LTE, 802.11ac with backwards compatibility for 802.11a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, and support for GPS.. Cameras can also be found here, with a 13 megapixel shooter with flash and Full HD video capture on the back, while the front-facing camera relies on an 8 megapixel camera.. There aren’t many ports or buttons, though, something that goes part and parcel with phones of today, so expect two main ports here — a microUSB port at the very bottom while a 3.5mm headset jack sits up top — while the physical buttons sit on the other sides, with the left and right serving up individual volume buttons for up and down on the left while power sits on the right.. The battery on the Oppo R7s is rated at 3070mAh and is not removable.. Take the Oppo R7s out of its box and the first thing you’ll be greeted with is a phone that looks more premium than the price you paid for it.. That’s really the first feeling, and it’s hard not to experience this, simply because the glass has a slight curve to the sides while the edges and body are decked in a casing made from aluminium.. This one material helps to cement the Oppo R7 as a relatively premium product, because while other mid-range models stick with plastic as the main material behind a glass screen, Oppo has gone right for metal, something other brands have struggled to come to grips with.. Here on the R7s, the design is easy to carry and feels surprisingly good in the hands thanks to that sub-7mm (6.95mm) thickness, despite the edges of the device not so much being smooth and featuring a pronounced edge as the casing bevels into the back.. That element can detract from the otherwise premium finish, but it’s not one that will pull away from the feeling that you’re getting metal for in a phone for $529.. Despite that mid-range price, one area that Oppo’s R7s really handles itself in is performance, with the combination of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 eight-core chip working very well with 4GB RAM.. That’s a rare amount of memory, with this amount only appearing on Samsung’s Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 Edge+ recently, and it tends to signify performance.. With that said, the Snapdragon 615 isn’t a total benchmark destroyer, but it can certainly handle its own, and we found very few glaring performance problems with this pairing. Occasionally it would slow, but for the most part, the Oppo R7s just hums along.. Even the storage amount appears decent, with 32GB found inside this mid-range handset, though when all is said and done, there’s a little over 20GB for you to play with.. That’s a little better than the 16GB minimums you see on handsets, so that’s something you can take to the bank.. Pages: 1 2 3. Tags 4G 802.11ac aluminium Cat 4 LTE Cat4 DualSIM Lollipop LTE Oppo value. Previous article Review: Sony NW-A25 Walkman. Next article Samsung’s PowerBot robotic vacuum reviewed. 1 Comment Write a comment. November 15, 14:24 wgreville Reply this comment. Dual Sim is sort of a lie. It’s only dual Sim if you don’t want to use an added RAM chip. You can have 1 SIM, that’s great, but you have to chose between a second SIM or a Ram chip. so you can’t have 2 sim cards and a ram card. Sort of misleading completely if you ask me.. Write a Comment view all comments. Your e-mail address will not be published. Also other data will not be shared with third person. Required fields marked as *. Metal body; Two SIMs or one SIM and a microSD upgradeable slot; 4GB RAM makes the phone perform quite well;. No fingerprint sensor; Oppo’s “ColorOS” Android overlay is still a little too iOS for us; Camera could be better; MicroSD expansion disappears if you use nanoSIM;. OWC Thunderbolt Dock 3 (review) Review: Jaybird Run Bluetooth Earbuds Huawei MediaPad T3 Android 8″ tablet KOB-L09 (review) Review: Cambridge Audio CXN V2 Network Audio Player 3SIXT Studio True Wireless Earbuds (review). Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two.. 
Axiata launches cashless ecosystem through Boost e-wallet. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:03am. Huawei, NYP to set up first Huawei ICT academy in Singapore. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:02am. Cyber-crime takes almost US$600bil toll on global economy. By Digital News Asia Feb 23 2018 - 12:03am. Week in Review: Walking around with an ‘Endangered Species’ badge. By Karamjit Singh Feb 25 2018 - 10:20pm. Week in Review: Of work, pace and positioning in the co-working space. By Karamjit Singh Feb 19 2018 - 12:00pm. How startups can benefit from VCs. By Kamarul Nizam Kassim Feb 19 2018 - 12:02am. Kaspersky Lab appoints new general manager for SEA. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 6:06pm. Aspect Software appoints Paul Nai as Malaysia country manager. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:11pm. OCBC Bank launches voice-powered conversational banking. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:01am. Review: Samsung Galaxy A8+ gets top marks. By Chong Jinn Xiung Feb 14 2018 - 12:04am. By Sharil Abdul Rahman Feb 13 2018 - 12:04am. Review: Asus targets mid-range segment with ZenFone Max Plus. By Edwin Yapp Feb 6 2018 - 12:06am. US$7.4 mil funding brings Zanroo closer to unicorn dream. By Anushia Kandasivam Aug 11 2017 - 1:40pm. Element AI raises US$102mil; to open SEA hub in Singapore in 2H 2017. By Digital News Asia Jun 15 2017 - 7:15pm. Soft Space raises US$5mil for strategic investment. By Digital News Asia May 25 2017 - 7:37pm. Digi nails it with its family postpaid. By Digital News Asia Jan 16 2018 - 1:01pm. BMW delivers 100,000 electrified vehicles in 2017. By Digital News Asia Dec 19 2017 - 4:14pm. Telco battleground: Can Maxis claim the crown in 2017?. By Sharmila Ganapathy-Wallace Oct 27 2017 - 12:05am. 1337 Ventures to accelerate 10 new startups under Khazanah's KNEO programme. By Chong Jinn Xiung Feb 26 2018 - 12:04am. Capillary raises about US$20mil in funding over past year. By Digital News Asia Feb 23 2018 - 12:01am. Waresix raises seed funding from East Ventures. By Digital News Asia Feb 21 2018 - 12:02am. Axiata launches cashless ecosystem through Boost e-wallet. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:03am. Huawei, NYP to set up first Huawei ICT academy in Singapore. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:02am. Cyber-crime takes almost US$600bil toll on global economy. By Digital News Asia Feb 23 2018 - 12:03am. Week in Review: Walking around with an ‘Endangered Species’ badge. By Karamjit Singh Feb 25 2018 - 10:20pm. Week in Review: Of work, pace and positioning in the co-working space. By Karamjit Singh Feb 19 2018 - 12:00pm. How startups can benefit from VCs. By Kamarul Nizam Kassim Feb 19 2018 - 12:02am. Kaspersky Lab appoints new general manager for SEA. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 6:06pm. Aspect Software appoints Paul Nai as Malaysia country manager. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:11pm. OCBC Bank launches voice-powered conversational banking. By Digital News Asia Feb 26 2018 - 12:01am. Review: Samsung Galaxy A8+ gets top marks. By Chong Jinn Xiung Feb 14 2018 - 12:04am. By Sharil Abdul Rahman Feb 13 2018 - 12:04am. Review: Asus targets mid-range segment with ZenFone Max Plus. By Edwin Yapp Feb 6 2018 - 12:06am. US$7.4 mil funding brings Zanroo closer to unicorn dream. By Anushia Kandasivam Aug 11 2017 - 1:40pm. Element AI raises US$102mil; to open SEA hub in Singapore in 2H 2017. By Digital News Asia Jun 15 2017 - 7:15pm. Soft Space raises US$5mil for strategic investment. By Digital News Asia May 25 2017 - 7:37pm. Digi nails it with its family postpaid. By Digital News Asia Jan 16 2018 - 1:01pm. BMW delivers 100,000 electrified vehicles in 2017. By Digital News Asia Dec 19 2017 - 4:14pm. Telco battleground: Can Maxis claim the crown in 2017?. By Sharmila Ganapathy-Wallace Oct 27 2017 - 12:05am. 1337 Ventures to accelerate 10 new startups under Khazanah's KNEO programme. By Chong Jinn Xiung Feb 26 2018 - 12:04am. Capillary raises about US$20mil in funding over past year. By Digital News Asia Feb 23 2018 - 12:01am. Waresix raises seed funding from East Ventures. By Digital News Asia Feb 21 2018 - 12:02am. By Keith Liu | Dec 03, 2015. Huawei Mate S: S$999 / RM2,698. Huawei Technologies and Oppo Electronics are two of the fastest growing smartphone brands from China, and both firms have made big strides in countries outside of their domestic market China, especially in the last two years.. The recent launches of the Huawei Mate S and the Oppo R7s then, gave us good reason to put their latest devices to the test and draw some comparisons, since both smartphones utilise similar build materials and targeted at the upper mid-range to premium segment. Price-wise though, the Mate S is considerably more expensive, so let’s start with that:. Winner: Coming at a price that’s 40% lower, the Oppo R7s takes this round since consumers generally prefer to pay less, even those who are swimming in cash. The Huawei Mate S and Oppo R7s are both fashioned out of a single block of metal and are lovely to look at.. Huawei’s model comes is clad in gold both at the back and in front, while Oppo’s device is available in both gold and rose gold colours, though the front is white. Some may dig the metallic rose gold finish, since that’s quite unique among Android smartphones.. The Mate S however looks more distinctive with its gentle sloping back and sits really well in the palm of the hand. This gives it a thickness of only 7.2mm at the side edges. At the back, you will also see the main camera, mounted near the top in the center with a fingerprint sensor below that.. The Oppo R7s doesn’t come with any biometric sensors, and therefore has a very clean, flat back with the rear camera positioned close to the top edge at the left corner. But it’s slimmer than the Mate S, at 6.95mm.. On the front, the Mate S display seems to be all-screen and minimal bezels, with super-thin metal edges on the sides. But once the screen is lit up, you can clearly see the black frame around the screen, instantly killing the illusion.. In contrast, the R7s hides most of the black bezels around the display with its white borders, giving it a picture frame quality about it.. Both companies have done an excellent job in reducing the bezels around the display, resulting in a higher screen to body ratio. As such, they don’t feel overly large despite the fact that they’re actually phablets with 5.5 inch displays. Winner : Huawei Mate S if you like gentle slopes, bezel-less design and a camera positioned in the center. Oppo R7s if you like rose gold, a flat, slim design and a white border around the display. The Huawei Mate S, as mentioned comes with a fingerprint reader as a hardware security option. It works well and it is fast. Placed behind the phone where our index finger would naturally rest, it’s especially convenient if you have business apps and e-mail accounts that make device security mandatory.. Oppo didn’t fit the R7s with a fingerprint sensor, and it also dropped near-field communications (NFC), which is something that is available on the Mate S. While there aren’t that many usage scenarios that require NFC, it does make pairing up with other NFC-enabled devices a lot simpler.. The 128GB version of the Mate S also comes with a ‘force touch’ feature but that variant isn’t for sale in this region, so didn’t get to test that out.. Meanwhile, the Oppo goes one up in terms of battery life and fast charging. Oppo’s battery at 3070mAh is beefier than the 2700mAh battery found in the Mate S.. While using the Mate S, we needed to ensure we started our day at 100%, otherwise we would be juiced out by the time early evening arrived. While we were actively using the device and having the screen on a lot of the time, for most people it would probably last till the night, but it definitely won’t last beyond a day.. The Oppo performed slightly better, although not by that much especially if you keep the screen on a lot. What’s nice about Oppo though, is the fast charging capability, called ‘Vooc flash charge’, which provides the R7s up to 2 hours of talk time with about 5-6 minutes of charging. Winner: Huawei Mate S if you want a fingerprint sensor and NFC, Oppo R7s if you rely on fast charging to keep your battery juiced up.. This is a tough one to call since both devices utilise AMOLED displays that come with rich colour saturation, high brightness levels and truly black blacks. Both 5.5-inch screens are in Full HD (1920 x 1080) resolution with 401 pixels per inch, so they’re even in terms of sharpness.. The more obvious difference is in the software, as the Mate S lets you change the colour temperature of the display (warmer or colder settings), while the R7s has an ‘eye protection display’ function which removes the reportedly vision-damaging blue light from the display (though you can download apps that do the same thing from Google Play).. The Oppo unit also has a more sensitive auto-brightness setting which reduces the brightness level just a tad too much at times, though this would help with prolonging the device’s battery life.. Winner : For letting us change the colour temperature of the display and the less aggressive auto-brightness settings, we’d have to go with the Huawei Mate S. The Oppo R7s is powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 615 chipset, paired with a large 4GB of RAM and decent 32GB of storage, along with support for microSD card for expandable storage.. This is Oppo’s first device to sport 4GB of memory, which allows it to actually run more than a dozen apps easily in the background, even if they’re all memory hogging, graphically intensive 3D games. It definitely helps if you’re using the Chrome browser as well, since this app is pretty resource-hungry especially when you have many tabs open.. While the processor is squarely a mid-range one, the performance on the Oppo is actually impressive and lag-free. It beat the Huawei Mate S on some tests when we put the device through some popular benchmarking apps. That’s not saying that it’s better, though. The Adreno 405 graphics chip on the 615 is stable (and doesn’t overheat) but it’s not a speed demon, especially when it comes to loading up games. In some racing games like Ubisoft’s Driver Speedboat Paradise , it took at least 20 seconds longer to load up a level compared to the Mate S. The racing action also stuttered at times with uneven frame-rates due to the intensity of the graphics. Huawei’s device has its own HiSilicon Kirin 935 chipset under the hood with the Mali T628 MP4 graphics chip on duty. Paired with 3GB of RAM and a generous 64GB of storage, the Mate S performs equally well when it comes to all the apps and games we ran on it.. What’s surprising is, with its higher asking price, it didn’t blow the Snapdragon 615 out of the water but lost out on some benchmark scores – pointing to the fact that these two chips performance-wise, are pretty much on par.. Yes, it loads up some game levels a lot faster, but it also faced frame-rate inconsistencies with graphically intensive games.. What about audio performance? Both devices feature single speakers that emanate from the bottom of the unit, but the Huawei’s speaker has more clarity and sounds better compared to Oppo’s one. However when it comes to listening to music through headphones, Huawei licensed technology from the sound engineers at DTS, but that still couldn’t match the richness and fullness of the sound from the R7s, thanks to Oppo’s legacy in producing high-end audio equipment and some help from the folks at Dirac HD.. Separately, one issue we faced with the Huawei Mate S is that we would lose mobile data connectivity for brief moments every now and then. We suspect it could be due to the fact that we were using a 3G SIM instead of 4G, but we found it hard to replicate and so it remains a mystery to us. Winner: Oppo R7s (unless you like playing racing games, in which case, Huawei’s Mate S gets the vote). Hardware-wise, the Mate S edges out the R7s even though both devices sport 13 megapixel rear cameras and 8 megapixel front cameras, since Huawei baked in optical image stabilisation and a front-facing LED flash, resulting in sharper images in low-light situations, less grainy pictures, and really bright selfies in darkly-lit environments.. We figured a picture says a thousand words when it comes to image quality, so here are some examples (Huawei Mate S photo on the left, Oppo R7s photo on the right). As you may notice, the colours from the Mate S are actually richer, and comes with better contrast too. When zoomed in, the Huawei photos didn't look muddy, and were sharper in general, while noise levels from the Oppo is still higher especially in low light conditions.. Software-wise though, both smartphones come with unique features, even though the common ones like manual mode, panorama, HDR (high dynamic range), slow shutter and beautification modes can be found on both.. Oppo’s camera software includes an ‘Ultra HD’ mode which takes very high resolution photographs by capturing multiple shots and then merging them together. It also comes with modes like ‘Double exposure’ and a GIF maker for short animated pictures, as well as RAW file capture (unprocessed source image), which requires a separate PC software to edit (like Adobe Photoshop).. Huawei meanwhile, lets you take a series of 10 shots in ‘Best photo’ mode so you can pick out the one your like (good for group shots to cater for those who moved or blinked in the photo). It’s ‘All-focus’ mode also lets you capture an image and change the focus point later using the volume keys (better for close-ups) and it also comes with a pretty neat ‘document re-adjustment’ mode.. When it comes to video recording, Huawei has a cool app called ‘Director mode’ which lets you and your friends capture multi-angle videos by connecting up to 3 devices, after which the footage is transferred and edited on the Huawei smartphone.. Winner : Huawei Mate S, since image quality is where it truly matters. Huawei has included its EMUI (Emotion User Interface) which does away with the app drawer and puts all the apps on the desktop. Oppo is no different with its ColorOS. Both are easy to use or annoying depending on your preference for launchers.. What we liked are the different themes we could download and install, plus the ability to resize the fonts, create folders, choose the way the screens animate and the built-in widgets, especially Oppo’s full page music widget.. The Mate S comes with some knuckle-based gestures (yes, using your knuckles), which lets you capture parts of a screen and video screenshots, draw letters to boot specific apps and knocking on the device screen twice to wake up the phone.. It also comes with a one-handed mode which shrinks the screen down so your thumb can access any part of the UI. The R7s also comes with a host of gestures to activate shortcuts, but what’s new is a convenient screen capture function that lets you capture more than one screen at a time, especially websites and WhatsApp messages which span several pages. For software add-ons, there seemed to be less preloaded apps on Oppo’s R7s but those that are present include a backup and restore app, cloud storage and security app which scans your other apps and cleans up the device. For reading documents, it provided Kingsoft Office. Huawei’s Mate S comes with a fun mirror app, a magnifier, a security app (which sends out more notifications than we’re used to) and also a backup feature. It also has a third-party app folder (called Top apps) which include WPS Office, Shazam and Clean Master, all of which can be easily removed. We preferred the notification center on the R7s since it included some quick shortcuts and our notifications. In the Mate S, we had to switch to a separate tab in order to access our shortcuts, which is just an extra step. Winner: The streamlined notification center and its multi-page screenshot tool made us choose the R7s, but the Mate S comes with a one-handed mode that is super useful. We’re not sure if we would use our knuckles that much, though. It seems that the extra cash needed to buy the Huawei Mate S isn’t fully justified, unless you’re looking for a smartphone that comes with a fingerprint reader, NFC wireless technology and camera equipped with optical image stabilisation, plus a good balance between screen size and one-handed usability.. If those features are important to your purchase decision, then you would have to consider the Mate S or perhaps the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+, which is more powerful but also pricier.. However, if those features are not must-haves for you, we can recommend the Oppo R7s as one of the better mid-range smartphones available. It’s components, features and software come together to make a compelling offering, especially if it comes with an operator subsidy.. Google Nexus 6P pre-order in Singapore starts Nov 2. Oppo Singapore plans online smartphone sales in 2016. Honor 7 review: A nice balance of price and performance. Huawei Watch makes its way to Asia, at long last. For more technology news and the latest updates, follow. By commenting below, you agree to abide by our ground rules .. Kaspersky Lab appoints new general manager for SEA. By Digital News Asia | Feb 26 2018 - 6:06pm. Aspect Software appoints Paul Nai as Malaysia country manager. By Digital News Asia | Feb 26 2018 - 12:11pm. 1337 Ventures to accelerate 10 new startups under Khazanah's KNEO programme. By Chong Jinn Xiung | Feb 26 2018 - 12:04am. Axiata launches cashless ecosystem through Boost e-wallet. By Digital News Asia | Feb 26 2018 - 12:03am. Weekly SNAP (Editor's Highlights) Sign Up. SELECT YOUR FAVORITE QUOTE AND SHARE IT! You can highlight any text within this article and use the pop-up toolbar to share it via email or on social media.. 
OPPO R7s Price in the Philippines and Specification. OPPO R7s is a 5.5inch (1920 x 1080) of display, 32GB of storage, 13MP of main camera.. 5.5 inches, FHD (1920 by ... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 4... Please wait for price information to be registered.. OPPO R7s Unboxing and First Impressions: A Pleasant Surprise. Micro SIM, Nano SIM, Dual SIM. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53. microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Will you be the first reviewer of this product? Please share your experience.. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. 6 inches, 2160 x 1080 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 3... 5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 4... 5.2 inches, 720 x 1280 (HD). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3GB. 5.5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... Most viewed ranking for OPPO Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Compare Mobiles Oppo R7s vs Oppo R7. Oppo R7s vs Oppo R7 comparison. general Release date October 2015 - - - Form factor Touchscreen Touchscreen - - Dimensions (mm) 151.80 x 75.40 x 6.95 143.00 x 71.00 x 6.30 - - Weight (g) 155.00 147.00 - - Battery capacity (mAh) 3070 2320 - - Removable battery No No - - Colours Golden, Sliver Silver, Gold - - display Screen size (inches) 5.50 5.00 - - Touchscreen Yes Yes - - Resolution 1080x1920 pixels 1080x1920 pixels - - Pixels per inch (PPI) - 441 - - hardware Processor 1.5GHz octa-core 1.5GHz octa-core - - Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 - - RAM 4GB 3GB - - Internal storage 32GB 16GB - - Expandable storage Yes Yes - - Expandable storage type microSD microSD - - Expandable storage up to (GB) 128 128 - - camera Rear camera 13-megapixel 13-megapixel - - Front camera 8-megapixel 8-megapixel - - software Operating System Android 5.1 Android 4.4 - - Skin Color OS 2.1 ColorOS 2.1 - - connectivity Wi-Fi Yes Yes - - Wi-Fi standards supported - 802.11 b/g/n - - GPS Yes Yes - - Bluetooth Yes Yes, v 4.10 - - NFC No No - - Infrared No No - - Headphones 3.5mm 3.5mm - - FM Yes Yes - - Number of SIMs 2 2 - - sim1 SIM Type Micro-SIM Micro-SIM - - GSM/CDMA GSM GSM - - 3G Yes Yes - - 4G/LTE Yes Yes - - sim2 SIM Type Micro-SIM Micro-SIM - - GSM/CDMA GSM GSM - - 3G Yes Yes - - 4G/LTE Yes Yes - - sensors Compass/ Magnetometer No No - - Proximity sensor Yes Yes - - Accelerometer Yes Yes - - Ambient light sensor Yes Yes - - Gyroscope Yes Yes - - Barometer No No - - Temperature sensor No No - -. Xiaomi Mi Note Pro vs. Compare Xiaomi Redmi 3x vs. Compare Xiaomi Redmi 4x vs. Compare Xiaomi Mi 5 vs. Intex Aqua Life Iii vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 4g comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 comparison. Samsung Galaxy On Max vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Max vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime comparison. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs. Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 1, Nokia 8110 4G India Launch Date Revealed. Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019. Vivo APEX Concept Phone Has Half -Screen Fingerprint Scanning Tech, Unveiled at MWC 2018. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services. Sony Xperia Ear Duo Launched at MWC 2018, Takes on Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 HDR Displays Launched at MWC 2018: Specifications, Features. Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launch Date Is March 27. Huawei MateBook X Pro Laptop, MediaPad M5 Tablet, Balong 5G01 Launched at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung mobiles price in India Lyf mobiles price in India Micromax mobiles price in India Sony mobiles price in India Htc mobiles price in India Lenovo mobiles price in India Intex mobiles price in India Lava mobiles price in India Apple mobiles price in India Nokia mobiles price in India Xolo mobiles price in India Lg mobiles price in India Vivo mobiles price in India Oppo mobiles price in India Gionee mobiles price in India Motorola mobiles price in India Blackberry mobiles price in India Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Ingat GADGET, ingat DROIDLIME...! Spesifikasi OPPO R7s: Harga: Rp4.999.000 CPU: 8-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 1,5 GHz GPU: Adreno 405 RAM: 4 GB Storage: 32 GB OS: Android 5.1.1 Kamera: 13 MP & 8 MP Layar: 5,5 inci (1.920x 1.080 piksel) Baterai: 3.070 mAh Sensor: Accelerometer, proximity, compass, gyroscope USB OTG: Ya OPPO R7s baru saja dirilis di Indonesia melengkapi tiga varian R7 series sebelumnya. OPPO R7s mengusung CPU kelas menengah Snapdragon 615 yang dipadukan dengan RAM jumbo 4 GB serta menjanjikan kinerja cepat berkat ColorOS 2.1. Update berita mengenai smartphone OPPO disini, http://www.droidlime.com/oppo Talent: Aishah Gray Review by: DroidLime (Romi Hidayat) FB: DroidLime https://www.facebook.com/droidlime Twitter: @droidlime https://twitter.com/droidlime GPlus: DroidLime https://plus.google.com/+Droidlime Instagram: https://instagram.com/droidlime/. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia M5 - Quick Review (Indonesia). ASUS ZenFone 3 Ultra Hands-on Indonesia. Hands On OPPO R7s : HP 5 Juta Dengan Detil Mengagumkan. Unboxing + First Impressions OPPO R7s Indonesia. Oppo R7s Review ENG | HDblog. Note5 vs R7s vs ZenFone 2 vs Mi 4c - Battle of Fast Charging. OPPO R7s vs Asus ZenFone 2 speedtest. มีดีรอบตัว!!! Oppo R7s ราคาคุ้มค่าเพียง 14,990 บาท วางขายในไทยเรียบร้อยแล้ว. Xiaomi Mi 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (feat. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
We're using cookies to improve your experience.. Click Here to find out more.. Video Entertainment Culture Tech Science Business Social Good. Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers. Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy. Sites Job Board Social Good Summit. Here come the rose gold Android phones. Great finish and features on a mid-end device. Big battery and super fast charging. Android , Apple , Gadgets , iPhone , Mashable Choice , Mobile , Oppo , reviews , rose gold , Tech. By Victoria Ho 2015-11-27 23:52:30 UTC. highlights the best of everything we cover, have experienced first-hand and would recommend to others.. It was only a matter of time before the fad for rose gold cellphones spread from the Apple store to the Android marketplace.. Chinese maker Oppo claims its R7S is the first rose gold Android on the market — although more will likely follow, given the media buzz that followed Apple debuting the color on its iPhone 6S and 6S Plus models.. "mashable.com/2015/08/24/oppo-r7-plus/" is not a valid see-also reference. Samsung sort of beat everyone to the punch with its Galaxy Note 3 — but that only had the merest bronze-pink trim that Samsung called rose gold. For the most part, it was a black and white leather-encased phone that had a pink border .. Like the iPhone 6S, the Oppo R7S has a full-on rose gold rear — which is much prized in Oppo's home market. When the iPhone came out in the hotly anticipated rose gold, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the color was designed especially for the Chinese market. Apple's gold products — iPhones, iPads and now the gold MacBook — were also targeted at Chinese consumers , who have shown a special liking for the luxurious hue.. Side-by-side with an iPhone, the Oppo is a much pinker shade, and less gold-looking than the iPhone. While the rose gold iPhone has proven popular with male consumers, it remains to be seen how many will consider the R7s the same shade as so-called " bros gold ".. Side-by-side with a rose gold iPhone 6S Plus.. Apple's influence clearly extended beyond just the rose gold veneer. ColorOS 2.1, Oppo's version of Android Lollipop, takes a page from Apple's iOS interface. While regular Android offers a separate list for all the apps on the phone, ColorOS goes the Apple route, showing all the apps on the homescreen.. Pressing on an app's icon will cause the apps on the page to wiggle, indicating that they can be rearranged. Apps that can be deleted will also display a little cross on their icons — just as on Apple devices.. The ColorOS camera app also apes the iOS camera. You swipe left and right to switch between camera and video modes. The placement of the square gallery button to the left, and the flash and selfie-mode icons on the border, are also very similar.. The Oppo R7s in camera mode.. In selfie mode, you can use a front-facing flash, which illuminates the screen to light up your face in dark settings — a feature Apple introduced with the 6S.. The 6S measures the color temperature of the shot and adjusts the screen color to compensate, creating a more natural-looking shot. But in our tests, photos on the Oppo appeared to display the same pinkish hue regardless of light temperature.. The Oppo R7s will retail for S$599 (US$425), putting it in the mid-range of smartphones and toward the pricier end of comparable Chinese phones.. Despite the mid-range pricing, it comes with a number of hardware features typically found on high-end devices. For one, its unibody metal finishing feels solid and premium, and only weighs 155g despite its size.. Its 5.5-inch Super AMOLED display sits behind a layer of Gorilla Glass 4, a step up from the Gorilla Glass 3 found on Oppo's older models.. But it's the chip that puts the phone in the mid-range. Oppo used the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 chip in its older R7 and R7 Plus models, and the average-performing chip is also used for mid-range phones like the Xiaomi Mi 4i and Samsung Galaxy A7.. Oppo has put a generous 4 GB of RAM behind the chip, which helps the phone multi-task and load apps better than its processor specs would indicate.. It comes with 32 GB of storage, but this is expandable to 128 GB via an external microSD card, which you can put in the nano SIM slot of its dual-SIM tray.. Dual-SIM tray for a micro SIM and Nano SIM.. The phone has a decent Samsung-made 13 megapixel, f/2.2 rear camera, and an 8 megapixel front shooter. The phase detection autofocus is what makes it impressive: In our tests, the phone managed to switch focal points quickly, and often avoided having to hunt for the subject by zooming in and out.. With its big screen, it's no wonder Oppo had to put a large 3,070 mAh battery in the R7S. And when you run out of juice, Oppo's VOOC "flash charging" technology promises you'll be able to bring your phone back to a 75% charge in 30 minutes.. This competes with other fast charge battery tech, such as Qualcomm's Quick Charge , which HTC used to build its "Rapid Charger 2.0" plug.. Oppo claims it's been working on VOOC for the past three years, and is making the feature available in its car chargers and power banks as well.. The Oppo R7S hits the market in late December, with the gold version rolling out first. The device will be available to Australia and Asian countries such as Singapore, Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand, with the U.S. and European versions following later in December.. Sleek design • Feels great in hand • Fast-charging large battery • Fast autofocus. Some might find the pink a little too pink • ColorOS is not very innovative • Mid-range processor is not as fast as the competition. An affordable phone with premium trimmings that'll do the job for people keen on carrying a slick device around.. About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory. is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe.. 
Oppo rolls out new Marshmallow-based ROM beta for R7s. Oppo announced the company has made available a new Marshmallow-based ROM for the R7s. Called Project Spectrum, this beta test is ready for download and will be available for the R7 Plus on May 13.. Oppo R7s unboxing and first impressions. The brand new and very good looking Oppo R7s has just landed on our doorstep. First thing's first, let's crack open the box and take a first look.. Oppo's advent calendar will offer up to €80 of the R7. Oppo has announced an advent calendar that will bring discounts of up to €80 on the entire R7 series of smartphones, which will be joined by giveaways and "high-tech stocking stuffers". The company clearly has a sack full of presents for eager customers.. Project Spectrum headed to the Oppo R7s in 2016. In responding an an Android Central reader's question, Oppo has confirmed plans for its near-stock, Project Spectrum ROM for the new R7s.. Oppo is bringing the R7s to Europe in time for the holidays. If you've looked at the Oppo R7s with eyes wide open and wondered where you can get one in Europe, wonder no longer. The phone will be on sale from December 1.. Oppo R7s is now official with 4GB of RAM. Oppo has finally drawn-back the curtains covering the R7s, the latest smartphone to be revealed by the company. This is not just a smartphone, however. We're talking 4GB of RAM and a premium-looking design.. China's TENAA outs 5.5-inch Oppo R7s. Chinese telecom regulator TENAA has outed an unannounced addition to Oppo's R7 lineup, the 5.5-inch R7s.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
