GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm (7.36 x 4.28 x 0.34 in). 7.0 inches, 142.1 cm 2 (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio). 800 x 1280 pixels, 16:10 ratio (~216 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 8 MP, f/1.9, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Galaxy Tab J - user opinions and reviews. Got this model SM-T285YD, sent by my aunt from Taiwan and it is launched there as Tab J. Same specs as the J MAX. I got 2 of them and both have annoying backlight bleed. The gold one I got has the worst. The UI is not so smooth compared to my Asus Bu.... Home Button and Power Button Simultaeneously. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Samsung Galaxy J Max Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0 Pro. Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for samsung galaxy tab j. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for samsung galaxy tab j. Save samsung galaxy tab j to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow samsung galaxy tab j to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. PU Leather Case Stand Tablet Cover For Samsung Galaxy Tab 4/ Tab/ Tab J/ Tab S2. TemperLS Glass Film Screen Protector For 7" Samsung Galaxy Tab E Lite 7.0 I O5J2. 4 new & refurbished from $2.64. Trifold Leather Magnetic Stand flip Folio Case Cover for Samsung tab S3 A S2 E J. SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J 7.0 T285 LTE Tablet Unlocked. PU Print Leather Stand Case + Screen Protectoe For Samsung GALAXY Tab J 7.0 T285. Samsung Galaxy Tab J 7.0 ( Unlocked) Dual SIM 8GB 4G LTE 7in 8MP 1080p Gold. Samsung Galaxy Tab J 7.0 ( Unlocked) Dual SIM 8GB 4G LTE 7in 8MP 1080p White. Samsung Galaxy Tab J/Tab A 7.0 Kids Case - BELLESTYLE Shock Proof Case Light ... Magnetic Flip Leather Case Stand Folio Book Cover For Samsung Galaxy Tab Tablet. SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J 7.0 T285 LTE Tablet Unlocked Gold. Hot for Samsung Galaxy Tab J 7.0 T285DY Folding Ultra Thin Leather Case Cover. SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J SM-T285 (7.0", 4G LTE) Android Tablet. Samsung Galaxy Tab J T285 4G LTE Dual Sim 8GB 7.0" Unlocked Tablet PC Gold White. Cases For Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Tablet SM-T230 SM-T231 360 degree Rotation H F8J5. 2 new & refurbished from $3.78. 2.5D Tempered Glass Protector Screen For Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6 SM-T560/T561. Brand New Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6" 16 GB Wi-Fi Tablet SM-T560NZKZXAR (Black). 100% Original Battery EB-BT800FBE /U /J For Samsung GALAXY Tab S 10.5 T800 T801. 4 new & refurbished from $19.90. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Cover for Samsung Galaxy Tab Tablet. For Samsung Galaxy Tab A E J T280 T377 T560 Tablet PU Leather Folio Stand Case. Tempered Glass Tablet Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 T110. New PU Leather Stand Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Tab J Max 7.0 T285YD/T285YZ. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Case Ultra Slim Leather Protective Stand Cover (Grey). Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 SCH-I705 8GB, Wi-Fi + 4G (Verizon), 7in - Black # 297J. For Samsung Galaxy Tab J 7.0 T285DY USB Andriod Tablet Keyboard Case Cover Flip. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 With S Pen Bluetooth Detachable Keyboard Case Blue. Cute purple flowers Stand Leather Cover case for various Samsung Ipad tablet. BF Folio PU LEATHER Stand CASE COVER For Apple Tablets Pink Butterfly. BF Leather Tablet Stand Flip Cover Case For Apple Tablets Butterfly Flower. Ultra Thin PU Leather Magnet Folio Book Case Cover Stand for Samsung Galaxy Tab. STM Studio Fitted Case for 10.1-Inch Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Red. Ultra Slim PU Leather Folio Book Protective Case Cover Stand for Samsung Galaxy. BF Folio PU Leather Case Cover Stand For Apple Samsung AmazonTablets Butterfly. Cute Cartoon beautiful Stand Leather Cover Skin case for Samsung Ipad tablet. BF Flip PU Leather Slim Book Case Stand Cover For Apple Tablets Peach Butterfly. BF Flip Smart Leather Slim Book Case Stand Cover For Apple Tablets White Flower. BF PU Leather Stand Case Cover For Apple Tablets New York City Tower. BF Wallet Flip Leather Stand Case Cover For Apple Tablets Black Lily Flower. BF Premium PU Leather Folio Stand Cover Tablet Case For Apple Tablets Pig. BF Folio PU Leather Stand Case Cover For Apple Samsung AmazonTablets Grin. BF PU Leather Folio Case Stand Cover For Apple Samsung Amazon Tablets. Leather Holder Case Cover+Screen For 7" Samsung Galaxy Tab J 7.0 T285YD/YZ TR. Don't touch me weapon Bear Stand Leather Cover Skin case for Samsung Ipad tablet. BF PU Leather Flip Card Stand Wallet Case Cover For Apple Samsung Tablets. BF Folio Wallet Flip Leather Stand Case Cover For Apple Samsung AmazonTablets. BF New PU Leather Case Cover Stand Card For Apple Samsung Galaxy Tablets Gray. BF Folio PU Leather Case Cover Stand Card For Apple Samsung Galaxy Tablets. BF Luxury Slim Leather Case Cover Stand For Apple Samsung Galaxy Tablet Hot pink. BF PU Leather Folio Case Stand Cover For Apple Samsung Galaxy Tablets Pink. Cute two butterfly Stand Leather Cover case for various Samsung Ipad tablet. splendid beautiful flowers Stand Leather Cover Skin case for Samsung Ipad tablet. PU Leather Case For T280 T285 T110 T116 T210 T230 T310. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. T230 T211 T110 T350 T330 T320 T700 T800 T715 T815 T560. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Tablet & eBook Cases, Covers & Keyboard Folios. Tablet & eBook Mounts, Stands & Holders. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home › Samsung › Galaxy Tab J Samsung Galaxy Tab J - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Samsung Galaxy Tab J List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Samsung Galaxy Tab J Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Dimensions : 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm Weight : 289 g SoC : Spreadtrum SC8830 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, Cores : 2 RAM : 1.5 GB Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 7 in, TFT, 1280 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Samsung Model Galaxy Tab J Model alias SM-T285YD T285YD Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 186.9 mm (millimeters) 18.69 cm (centimeters) 0.61 ft (feet) 7.36 in (inches) Height 108.8 mm (millimeters) 10.88 cm (centimeters) 0.36 ft (feet) 4.28 in (inches) Thickness 8.7 mm (millimeters) 0.87 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.34 in (inches) Weight 289 g (grams) 0.64 lbs (pounds) 10.19 oz (ounces) Volume 176.91 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 10.74 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gold White Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 42 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 5.1 Lollipop System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Spreadtrum SC8830 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1500 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 RAM capacity 1.5 GB (gigabytes) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 7 in (inches) 177.8 mm (millimeters) 17.78 cm (centimeters) Width 5.94 in (inches) 150.77 mm (millimeters) 15.08 cm (centimeters) Height 3.71 in (inches) 94.23 mm (millimeters) 9.42 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.6:1 16:10 Resolution 1280 x 800 pixels Pixel density 216 ppi (pixels per inch) 84 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 70.1 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/1.9 Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.2 Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) AVRCP (Audio/Visual Remote Control Profile) DIP (Device ID Profile) HFP (Hands-Free Profile) HID (Human Interface Profile) HSP (Headset Profile) MAP (Message Access Profile) OPP (Object Push Profile) PAN (Personal Area Networking Profile) PBAP/PAB (Phone Book Access Profile) HOGP USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering VoLTE Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 4000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Features Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) LTE. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Dimensions : 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm Weight : 289 g SoC : Spreadtrum SC8830 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2 RAM : 1.5 GB Storage : 8 GB Display : 7 in, TFT, 1280 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Tablets – Tablet News – Tablet Comparison – iPad and Tablet Computers. ← Onda V80 Plus – 8″ Windows 10 + Android FHD Release July 28. Apple iPad Pro 2 12.9 May Have leaked →. Posted on July 25, 2016 12:09 PM by Tabletmonkeys July 25, 2016. The 7-inch Samsung Galaxy Tab J was announced today in Taiwan, with the Tab J being more of a phablet than a tablet, since it has dual-SIM trays and work as a regular Android smartphone as well as a tablet. It will be released in August for the equivalent of $185 USD.. This 7-inch tablet runs Android 5.1 which is quite normal on phablets today, since Android 6.0 has been unstable on a lot of phablets that tried that upgrade too quickly. It has a HD screen with 1280 x 800 resolution.. It’s powered by a quad-core 1.5 GHz processor, has 1.5GB of RAM, and 8GB of storage but with support for microSD cards up to 200GB .. Samsung likes to emphasize the F1.9 8MP rear camera with LED flash on this tablet, while it also has a 2MP front camera. Wi-Fi bands supported are 802.11 b/g/n and Bluetooth 4.0, but this tablet has 4G LTE too.. Samsung estimates the battery life to be 9 hours long from the 4000 mAh battery. The thickness of this tablet is 8.9 mm while the weight is 289 grams.. Features include Smart Switch, and Kids Mode 4.0, where the MOMO School App will be free to download for owners until June 2018.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J color options are white and gold. And it this tablet sounds very familiar, it is because it is identical to the Samsung Galaxy J Max recently unveiled in India.. Meanwhile, the latest 7-inch Wi-Fi model from Samsung is the Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 .. Samsung Notebook 9 Pen (2018) Release March 5.... Samsung Notebook 7 Spin (2018) Launch On Marc.... 10.5-Inch Samsung Tablet With Android 8.0 Lea.... Samsung Galaxy Tab Active 2 Wi-Fi And 4G LTE .... Tagged Samsung , Samsung Galaxy Tab J. ← Onda V80 Plus – 8″ Windows 10 + Android FHD Release July 28. Apple iPad Pro 2 12.9 May Have leaked →. Huawei MediaPad M5 Pro 10.8 Announc... Android 6.0 Update Comes To Samsung... List Of New Samsung Tablets For 201... Huawei MediaPad M5 10.8 Announced A... New Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 (SM-T713... New Asus Transformer Mini T103 Anno... Huawei MediaPad M5 10.8 Announced As Cheaper Alternative To The Pro Version. Huawei MediaPad M5 Pro 10.8 Announced Today – With Android 8.0, Pen, Keyboard, 4 Speakers. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Images Leaked By WinFuture. HP Envy x2 Release March 9 – Windows 10 2-In-1 With 4G, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, UFS Storage, 19 Hour Battery Life, Pen. Samsung Notebook 9 Pen (2018) Release March 5 With 8th Gen. Samsung Notebook 7 Spin (2018) Launch On March 4 With 8th Gen. Android 6.0 Update Comes To Samsung... List Of New Samsung Tablets For 201... New Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 (SM-T713... New Asus Transformer Mini T103 Anno... Samsung Notebook 7 Spin (2018) Laun... Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Images Le... HP Envy x2 Release March 9 –... Huawei MediaPad M5 8.4-Inch FCC App... Samsung Notebook 9 Pen (2018) Relea... Samsung Galaxy Tab Active 2 Wi-Fi A.... Tabletmonkeys is a computer media company focusing solely on tablet computers. Tablet news, leaks, rumors, February tablet deals, tablet comparisons, and tablet accessories, is otherwise the focus of Tabletmonkeys.com.. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Samsung announced new entry-level tablet called Galaxy Tab J. The Galaxy Tab J features 1.5GHz quad core processor along with 1.5GB of RAM, which can be 8GB internal memory, and a 8-megapixel rear camera and 2-megapixel selfie camera.. Full Specifications of Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Wi-Fi 802.11 b / g / n. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1.5 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 200 GB. Size (L by B by T) 108.8 x 186.9 x 8.7 mm. Samsung Galaxy Tab J with 7-inch display, 4G support and 4,000mAh battery launched: Price, specifications and features. More on Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Reviews in India. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Features & Specs. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Vs Micromax Canvas Tab P480 Anniversary Edition. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1.5 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Maitrayee Iyer on Aug 02, 2016 11:28 AM. The Galaxy Tab J is the first Samsung tablet to feature S .... Samsung Galaxy Tab J Back Cover. Write a Review on Samsung Galaxy Tab J. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched #Energizer buff.ly/2F7LvGW https://t.co/b1whuD2uuo. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Computers Laptops Tablets Desktops Monitors Computer Accessories PC Components PC Gaming Deals. 11 results for Electronics : Computers & Accessories :. See all results for Samsung galaxy tab j .. 8.0" Samsung Galaxy Tab A - 16GB Smoky Titanium. Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. $109.84 (32 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7-Inch Tablet (16 GB, Smoky Titanium). $149.00 (17 used &amp new offers). See newer model of this item. Samsung Electronics Book Cover for Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (EF-BT350WSEGUJ). $4.00 (31 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 Case with Screen Protector,Jeccy Full-body Shock Proof Hybrid Heavy Duty Armor Defender Protective Case with Kickstand, Silicone Plastic Case for Samsung Tab A7 (SM-T280/T285). Samsung Galaxy TabPro S 12" Full HD+(2160x1440) High Performance TouchScreen Convertible 2-in-1 Laptop, Intel Core M3, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, Win10, Gold. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. $469.00 (15 used &amp new offers). Samsung GALAXY TAB-S3 32GB TABLET, Android-6.0, QUALCOMM:APQ8096/QQ4, 2.15 GHz, Intel HD Graphics 515, 32 GB, Black, 9.7". Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. $467.46 (3 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Case,T377/T375 Case,Jeccy 3in1 Full-body Shock Proof Hybrid Heavy Duty Armor Defender Protective Case,Silicone Skin Hard Plastic Case for Samsung Tab E 8.0 inch SM-T377/T375. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 9.7" 32gb. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $232.59 (8 used &amp new offers). Samsung GALAXY BOOK 12IN SLVR W10 PRO (SM-W723NZKAXAR). Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. $1,298.91 (16 used &amp new offers). Samsung EFC-1C9NIEGSTA Ivory Book Cover Case for Galaxy Tab 8.9. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Protective Pouch for Galaxy Tab 7.7 - Dark Brown (EFC-1E3LDEGSTA). $9.99 (3 used &amp new offers). 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.. Defence grade security for an open world. Defence grade security for an open world. Galaxy J Max Expand the Menu. Choose your SNS for scraping this page.. Get a firm and comfy grip on the slim, lightweight Galaxy J Max thanks to its ergonomic, rounded edges. Protect your device from daily wear-and-tear with a non-slip, patterned cover.. A powerful 4,000 mAh battery frees you from worry about battery issues.. You can seamlessly work on business tasks on your tablet for even longer.. Boost your business performance no matter where you are with advanced LTE Cat4 connectivity. Even without a Wi-Fi connection, you can still download files, browse the net and more at breathtaking speeds.. Equipped with a 200 GB microSD card slot, the Galaxy J Max provides storage expansion and secure voice calls using microSD- based security solutions.. memory, you have ample room for work tasks, documents, and business reports and can enjoy better multitasking.. Maximise work efficiency with a powerful camera. Quick AF and high-resolution deliver you faster QR code and barcode recognition. Sync inventory or payment management programs and manage data with incredible ease.. Knox Standard SDK support lets you customise configuration and restrict APIs. Connect to Mobile Device Management (MDM) platforms to manage device functions. Compatible with 120+ MDM solutions and 600+ policies.. With Samsung’s in-house manufacturing and rigid product management services, you can enjoy top-quality assistance at authorized service centres worldwide.. 2G GSM, 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD. B1(2100), B3(1800), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B28(700). A2DP, AVRCP, DI, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP. MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, WMV, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. * All specifications and descriptions provided herein may be different from the actual specifications and descriptions for the product. Samsung reserves the right to make changes to this web page and the product described herein, at anytime, without obligation on Samsung to provide notification of such change. All functionality, features, specifications, GUI and other product information provided in this web page including, but not limited to, the benefits, design, pricing, components, performance, availability, and capabilities of the product are subject to change without notice or obligation. The contents within the screen are simulated images and are for demonstration purposes only. * User Available Memory : User memory is less than the total memory due to storage of the operating system and software used to operate the device features. Actual user memory will vary depending on the operator and may change after software upgrades are performed. * Network : The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider. * Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location.. * Samsung.com email address is not allowed. Please provide your contact details and our sales team will get back to you.. We will answer your product specific questions. such as product usage of your devices, or symptom resolution, etc.. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox browsers.. * Please enter your Captcha Code. Thank you for your interest, we will get back to you soon.. We will help you find the right solution for your business.. * Please enter your Captcha Code. I would like to receive further communications from Samsung. I acknowledge that my information will be processed in accordance with the Samsung privacy policy. * Please agree to the Samsung Privacy Policy. 
The Future of Neurological Care is Maintenence. 4 Tips to Create Better Videos for Social Media. How Mobile Gaming Is Thriving After New Advancements. Mobile Phones Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) vs. Samsung Galaxy Tab J – Pick The Best One. The Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) has been released in March 2016, while the Samsung Galaxy Tab J has been unveiled this month and will hit the stores soon. Today we will compare these two giant smartphones and let you decide which one you want to purchase.. The Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) measures 186.9×108.8×8.7mm and weights 283 grams, on the other hand, the Galaxy Tab J measures 186.9×108.8×8.7mm and weights 289 grams. Both devices have a plastic rear cover with a fine texture for a better grip and they’re curved on the edges.. Both devices have a 7-inch screen that supports a resolution of 1280×800 pixels at 216 ppi, but the Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) uses an IPS LCD panel, while the Galaxy Tab J is using PLS technology.. The Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) has been released in two variants, as follows:. – Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 or Spreadtrum SC9830 – Processor: a quad-core Cortex A53 CPU clocked at 1.3GHz or a quad-core Cortex A7 CPU clocked at 1.5GHz – Graphics Card: Adreno 306 or Mali-400MP2 – RAM: 1.5GB of RAM.. The Galaxy Tab J features a Spreadtrum SC8830 chipset, a quad-core Cortex A7 CPU clocked at 1.5GHz, a Mali-400MP2 graphics card and 1.5GB of RAM.. Both devices have been released with an internal storage of 8GB which you can expand up to 256GB using a microSD card.. The Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) sports a primary camera of 5MP that features geo-tagging, panorama, touch focus, autofocus and a secondary camera of 2MP, the Galaxy Tab J has a better primary camera of 8MP that features autofocus, LED flash, geo-tagging, face detection, touch focus, panorama, HDR and a secondary camera of 2MP.. Both devices are powered by a non-removable battery of 4000 mAh.. Take your mobile photography game to the next level with this affordable clip-on lens kit from Xenvo. Comes with a macro lens and a super wide angle lens that easily clip onto your phone for professional-grade photos on the go.. Samsung Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Previous article Call of Duty Black Ops 3 Patch 1.15 Available for PS4 and Xbox One. Next article Resident Evil 7 Gameplay Trailer comes with new Improvements. Samsung Galaxy A7 2015 and Galaxy A5 2016 Gets Android 6.0 Marshmallow Update. Costea Lestoc · June 24, 2016. Sony Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact To Receive Android 6.0 Marshmallow OTA Update. Costea Lestoc · January 27, 2016. OnePlus 2 Problems And How To Solve Them. Costea Lestoc · December 8, 2015. Sony Releases Nougat-Based “Concept for Android” for Xperia X. Witcher 3 – Which Game is Better?. iPad Pro – Microsoft’s Chance To Win The Business Market. Google Nexus 5 (2015) Known As Nexus 5X Might Turn Out To Be A Killer Device. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Has An Ace Up Its Sleeve. HomePods, Echos, and Google Homes, Oh My!. The Future of Neurological Care is Maintenence. How Elon Musk Markets his Companies on a ZERO DOLLAR BUDGET!. Team Newsletter Privacy Contact Affiliate Disclosure. Apps BCI Games Mobile Phones Software Computing Security. Register Forgot Password ?. 
Skip to content Skip to accessibility help. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. * Price subject to change without prior notification. Impeccably portable at just 8.5 mm thick and 495 g, the Galaxy Tab E couples sleek-look design with incredible practicality. Its unique, non-slip fabric-style rear casing provides you with a secure and comfortable grip.. Capture the most unforgettable moments of your everyday life with the Galaxy Tab E’s advanced camera features – including a powerful 5 MP rear camera, as well as easy-to-use one-click photo and video controls. Toggle continuous shot mode by holding down the camera button.. Maximise your time and productivity with the exciting multi-window feature – allowing you to work on two apps at the same time. Enter a split-screen mode to multitask with ease on a spacious 24.34cm (9.6") display.. * The multi-window feature can only be used in conjunction with multi-window tray-compatible apps.. Expand your Galaxy Tab E’s capacity and take your favourite films, music and books with you wherever you go. With compatibility for up to 128 GB of micro SD card storage, turn your tablet into a mobile entertainment centre.. * Micro SD cards are sold separately.. Having problems getting to grips with the many functions of your new Galaxy Tab E? No need to fret, thanks to the Samsung Smart Tutor app – remote-controlled assistance provided by a team of devoted technical experts.. * Samsung Smart Tutor is available as a Galaxy Apps download.. * Although Samsung Smart Tutor is currently available in 45 countries, availability is subject to regional variation.. * Samsung Smart Tutor is available as a Galaxy Apps download.. * Although Samsung Smart Tutor is currently available in 45 countries, availability is subject to regional variation.. Kids Mode provides a wide range of fun, educational apps for your children, along with cute, adorable characters and icons – a boon for younger Tab E users. Monitor your children’s Tab E activities, block unsuitable apps and set time limits for their tablet usage.. * Kids Mode App downloadable from Galaxy Apps.. * Kids Mode App downloadable from Galaxy Apps.. A2DP, AVRCP, DI, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP. MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. There are no user reviews yet.. What is USB Tethering in Samsung Smartphones ?. What is USB Tethering in Samsung Smartphones ? See The Answer. How do I ensure that my Samsung Mobile device is powered by safe batteries ?. How do I ensure that my Samsung Mobile device is powered by safe batteries ? See The Answer. * Key feature may different from Key Spec. User memory is less than the total memory due to storage of the operating system and software used to operate the phones features. Actual user memory will vary depending on the operator and may change after software upgrades are performed. Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location. Network : The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider. OS : Android 4.4 (KitKat) support only, No additional upgrades.. Samsung India encourages its customers for e-waste recycling.. Please call 1800 40 SAMSUNG (7267864) or. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Samsung Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Samsung has made some highly useful tablets in the past few years! Samsung Galaxy Tab J is one of the finest one to date. This 7 inches large PLS pane ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G bands LTE Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2016, July Status Available. Released 2016, August Body Dimensions 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm (7.36 x 4.28 x 0.34 in) Weight 289 g (10.19 oz) SIM Yes Display Type PLS capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 7.0 inches (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 800 x 1280 pixels (~216 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Platform OS Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) Chipset Spreadtrum SC8830 CPU Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Mali-400MP2 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 8 GB, 1.5 GB RAM Camera Primary 8 MP, f/1.9, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama Video [email. protected] Secondary 2 MP, f/2.2 Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Radio FM radio, RDS USB microUSB v2.0, USB On-The-Go Features Sensors Accelerometer Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML Java No - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Non-removable Li-Ion 4000 mAh battery. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Video Review. The big hd screen with the beautiful resolution available now in of Samsung galaxy tab j and the pixels are so good of their that never get blasting. For the best working experience I just bought the new Samsung Galaxy Tablet J which has the amazing configuration faster speed what we need. One of my paternal cousin has gifted this Samsung Galaxy Tab J mobile phone to his father I mean to my paternal uncle. My uncle was very much happy to have this precious gift.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J simple and good tablet PC with the some extra features where you can play the better games easily in it. Samsung Galaxy Tab J the Tablet Pc which can makes the every game much better than any other tablet PC and that’s the reason why I love to use it. Mine sister have this tab of Samsung galaxy brand who she use that with the full of enjoyment and every time she play the games in it with the beautiful display. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Samsung has made some highly useful tablets in the past few years! Samsung Galaxy Tab J is one of the finest one to date. This 7 inches large PLS panel integrated Galaxy Tab J is certainly known for watching videos, images, texting, and lot more. The brighter and sharper resolution of 1,280 x 800 pixels for a pixel density of around 216ppi brings everything displayed on screen to life. Inside the Samsung Galaxy Tab J you will access a quad-core processor clocked at 1.5GHz with Spreadtrum SC8830 chipset, paired with a modest 1.5GB RAM. This ensure that the users of Samsung Galaxy Tab J can do multitasking, switch between applications, download as many apps you feel like without any trouble. Loudspeaker and 3.5 mm jack is there to satisfy your urge for music. You can even use the 3.5mm jack for taking important calls while driving. Internal storage inside the Samsung Galaxy Tab J is not really impressive as it is only 8GB, but at least that's expandable via micro SD up to 256 GB. You can store as many files, apps, photos, videos, you feel like. Photography is also possible with this huge tablet, as the Samsung Galaxy Tab J comprise of 8 MP back camera at the rear with LED flash, and 2 MP Selfie shooter. Click amazing photos and selfies you always want to have. Connectivity comes with Wi-Fi (Direct & Hot Spot), Bluetooth, FM Radio, GPS, micro USB v2.0. You can enjoy music with MP4/ MP3 players when you feel bore. The massive battery power of 4000 mAh is stocked inside Samsung Galaxy Tab J. You can use this tablet for several hours with normal usage. Impressed with the features? Then check out the Samsung Galaxy Tab J price in Pakistan updated online on this page.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Portable Power Bank - 2600 .. Silicone Jelly Pouch For Ho .. Samsung Galaxy S6 Fashion L .. MK-650 - Earphones - Pink ( .. USB Data Cable For iPhone - .. 
The next video is starting stop. Samsung Galaxy Tab J - reasons to buy samsung galaxy j max | intellect digest. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Please watch: "andrea pirlo - best of andrea pirlo in 2017" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n48ef... -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- Samsung Galaxy Tab J - reasons to buy samsung galaxy j max | intellect digest. subscribe it for mor videos https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPmF... subscribe it for mor videos https://www.facebook.com/New-World-mo... https://www.fiverr.com/s2/235c9ec8ee https://www.reddit.com/user/saifblack/ https://www.fiverr.com/s2/b22d7481fa gig1 https://www.fiverr.com/s2/51d30f1a27 wordpress websit Samsung Galaxy Tab J, galaxy j max camera, galaxy j max gaming, voice calling tablet, intellect digest, rohit khurana, samsung galaxy tab j t285yd, j max review, Samsung Galaxy Tab J - cover case for samsung galaxy tab j max. samsung galaxy tab gt p1000 update. j pjh samsung galaxy tab s 8. galaxy ,samsung j9 ,samsung j1 specs ,samsung wiki ,samsung j16 ,samsung j1 6 ,samsung j8 ,j3 samsung price ,samsung j100 ,samsung galaxy j8 ,samsung a56 price ,s6 features ,samsung galaxy tab j ,samsung s6 features ,samsung galaxy j9 ,samsung galaxy ji ,samsung j8 price ,samsung ji ,samsung galaxy s5 wiki ,samsung j8 specification ,j6 samsung price ,samsung j6 price ,samsung g920 ,samsung sj1 ,samsung galaxy s7 wiki ,galaxy z ,samsung j9 price ,samsung galaxy j1 specs ,samsung galaxy s6 wiki ,what mobile samsung galaxy,. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Samsung GALAXY J MAX - Full Review!. Samsung galaxy tab J 2017 (indonesia). Samsung Galaxy Tab A - 8" 4G Tablet Unboxing & Overview. 2016 UPDATED ! Budget 7" Samsung Galaxy Tab J announced. Review Budget 7″ Samsung Galaxy Tab J (price and release date). Samsung J Max Hands on Review. Samsung Galaxy J max vs Samsung Galaxy tab A-100view=next comparison video-D 4 DEVAM-description. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Review Indonesia. Samsung Galaxy J Max Unboxing & Hands on. Samsung Galaxy Tab J specs,features & details,prie. SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB J T285YD Unboxing Video – in Stock at www.welectronics.com. Samsung Galaxy J Max Unboxing (7-inch VoLTE Tablet) and Top 5 Features. Samsung Galaxy J Max Unboxing And Hands On Review | Intellect Digest. Reasons To Buy Samsung Galaxy J Max | Intellect Digest. Cover case for samsung galaxy tab j max. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0" vs 9.7": Review. Galaxy Tab E - Unboxing & Hands On. Samsung Galaxy J Max Full Review - 4G, VoLTE Voice Calling Tablet. Samsung Galaxy J Max Unboxing and Review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Recent Posts ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) More Galaxy S9 pricing and availability info comes from T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon and Best Buy Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro and Galaxy Tab J are here to increase brand confusion. Adrian Diaconescu July 25, 2016 9:19 am. If there’s one thing preventing Samsung these days from selling low to mid-end Android gear in comparable numbers to premium members of the Galaxy S and Note smartphone families, it’s probably an acute lack of identity.. Everybody likes choice and diversity, but not brand dilution and disorientation, which is exactly what you get when releasing a Galaxy J2 Pro mere weeks after the “standard” J2 (2016) , not to mention the Galaxy Tab J that’s virtually identical to the also recently unveiled Galaxy J Max “phoneblet.”. Check that, the Samsung Galaxy Tab J and Galaxy J Max are 100 percent alike, as far as we can tell, the former selling for the equivalent of $190 (TWD 6,000) in Taiwan, with the latter available on Indian shores at Rs. Meanwhile, the Galaxy J2 Pro appears to stand out from the non-Pro 2016 J2 by packing 2GB RAM and accommodating 16 gigs of internal storage, up 0.5 and 8GB respectively. Hardly enough upgrade material there, especially so early on, but at least the “new guy” is relatively inexpensive, at 9,890 rupees in India, which equates to less than $150. Hopefully, Samsung will bring that one (and only that one) to Western markets before long.. Sources: Fonearena , SamMobile. Android , Phones , Tablets. Android , Galaxy J Max , Galaxy J2 , Galaxy J2 (2016) , Galaxy J2 Pro , Galaxy Tab J , News , Samsung. Android , Galaxy J Max , Galaxy J2 , Galaxy J2 (2016) , Galaxy J2 Pro , Galaxy Tab J , News , Samsung. Adrian has had an insatiable passion for writing since he was in school and found himself writing philosophical essays about the meaning of life and the differences between light and dark beer. Later, he realized this was pretty much his only marketable skill, so he first created a personal blog (in Romanian) and then discovered his true calling, which is writing about all things tech (in English).. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Specifications Pricecompare. Reviews for the Samsung Galaxy Tab J Comment ARM Mali-400 MP2 : OpenGL ES 2.0 GPU for ARM based SoCs with 2 fragment processors and 1 vertex processor.. These graphics cards are not suited for Windows 3D games. Office and Internet surfing however is possible.. » Further information can be found in our Comparison of Mobile Graphics Cards and the corresponding Benchmark List. SC8830 : Entry-level smartphone SoC with a quad-core Cortex-A9 CPU part (in the Galaxy J1 only dual-core) at usually 1.2 GHz and a. LPDDR2/3 memory controller.» Further information can be found in our Comparison of Mobile Processsors. 7" : » To find out how fine a display is, see our DPI List. Samsung : The Samsung Group is composed of numerous international businesses, all united under the Samsung brand in South Korea. the Korean word Samsung is "tristar" or "three stars". The Samsung brand is one of the most important brands of South Korea. Samsung is an international notebook manufacturer of medium size according market shares and reviews.. » Further information can be found in our Notebook Purchase Guide.. 7 inch 16:10, 1280 x 800 pixel 216 PPI, glossy: yes. Primary Camera: 8 MPix 8 MP, f/1.9, autofocus, LED flash Secondary Camera: 2 MPix. 289 g ( = 10.19 oz / 0.64 pounds) ( = 0 oz / 0 pounds). Tablet Samsung Galaxy Tab J - Recensione Caratteristiche Prezzo Source: Smartphone e tablet android IT→EN Single Review, online available, Short, Date: 09/21/2016 Rating: performance: 70% display: 70% mobility: 70% workmanship: 70%. Only a few smartphones have larger screens. So, details like letters are bigger. On the other hand, the power consumption is lower with small screen diagonals and the devices are smaller, more lightweight and cheaper.. This weight is typical for smartphones.. In 2015 and 2016, Samsung had a market share of around 24-25% in the global smartphone market and was undisputed market leader. In the laptop sector, Samsung is on the 8th place in the global manufacturer rankings from 2014-2016 with 1.7-2.7%.. In 2016 Samsung slipped into a crisis due to exploding smartphone batteries and a failed recall action.. Samsung Galaxy J Max Mali-400 MP2. Devices with the same GPU. Teclast P10 Mali-400 MP2, Mediatek MT6580M, 10.1", 0.5238 kg. Prestigio Grace 3118 3G Mali-400 MP2, unknown, 8", 0.343 kg. BQ 1045G Orion Mali-400 MP2, Spreadtrum SC7731, 10.1", 0.53 kg. Devices with Same Screen Size and/or Weight. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 2017 SM-T385 Adreno 308, Snapdragon 425, 8", 0.364 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab Active 2 Mali-T830 MP2, Exynos 7870 Octa, 8", 0.512 kg. Samsung Galaxy Book 12 SM-W720 HD Graphics 620, Core i5 7200U, 12", 0.754 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 Pro SM-P580 Mali-T830 MP2, Exynos 7870 Octa, 10.1", 0.554 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 SM-T820 Radeon 530, Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, 9.7", 0.429 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 SM-T825 Adreno 530, Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, 9.7", 0.434 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 T813N Adreno 510, Snapdragon 652 MSM8976, 9.7", 0.389 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab A6 10.1" SM-T580 Mali-T830 MP2, Exynos 7870 Octa, 10.1", 0.45 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S W703 HD Graphics 515, Core m3 6Y30, 12.1", 0.693 kg. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2016 SM-T585 Mali-T830 MP2, Exynos 7870 Octa, 10.1", 0.525 kg. Devices from the same Manufacturer. Samsung Notebook 9 Pro NP940X3N-K01US UHD Graphics 620, Core i7 8550U, 13.3", 1.32 kg. Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro 2018 Adreno 308, Snapdragon 425, 5", 0.153 kg. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus 2018 Mali-G71 MP2, unknown, 6", 0.191 kg. Samsung Style NP740U3M-KD2BR HD Graphics 620, Core i5 7200U, 13.3", 1.78 kg. Samsung Galaxy C8 Mali-T880 MP2, Mediatek Helio P20 MT6757, 5.5", 0.18 kg. Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 Mali-G71 MP2, unknown, 5.6", 0.172 kg. Samsung Galaxy J7+ 2017 Mali-T880 MP2, Mediatek Helio P25, 5.5", 0.18 kg. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Duos SM-N950FD Mali-G71 MP20, Exynos 8895 Octa, 6.3", 0.195 kg. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Mali-T830 MP1, Exynos 7870 Octa, 5.5", 0.167 kg. Samsung Notebook 7 Spin NP740U5L-Y03US GeForce 940MX, Core i7 6500U, 15.6", 1.76 kg. Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt 2017 Mali-T830 MP2, Exynos 7870 Octa, 5.5", 0.17 kg. Samsung Notebook 9 Pro NP940X3M-K01US HD Graphics 620, Core i7 7500U, 13.3", 1.31 kg. Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Adreno 540, Snapdragon 835, 5.8", 0.208 kg. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Mali-G71 MP20, Exynos 8895 Octa, 6.3", 0.195 kg. Samsung Galaxy Note FE Mali-T880 MP12, Exynos 8890 Octa, 5.7", 0.167 kg. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Library > Samsung > Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Â» Multimedia , Â» Gaming , Â» Lightweight Gaming Â» Budget Office , Â» Business , Â» Workstations Â» Subnotebooks , Â» Ultrabooks , Â» Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , Â». Best Notebooks for University Students Â». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series Â». Â» Tablets , Â» Windows Tablets Â» Smartphones. Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge | 32GB | Unlocked | SM-G935V |. Samsung Galaxy Tab J T285 4G LTE Dual Sim 8GB 7.0" Unlocked Tablet PC Gold White. Unlocked Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 8GB GPS WIFI 3G Tablet Smartphone (GT-P3100). New Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 P3100 8GB Unlocked GSM Tablet/Phone 7 Inches - White. 7" Unlocked Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 (GT-P3100) 8GB GPS 3G Tablet Smartphones. SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J 7.0 T285 LTE Tablet Unlocked Gold. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J 7.0 T285 LTE Tablet Unlocked Gold. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. playfone.go has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Varies for items shipped from an international location. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. 6 months to pay on $99+.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. AT&T, T-Mobile & other GSM carriers (3G only). New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. APPLE SAMSUNG ASUS LG NOKIA SONY HUAWEI Headset earphones Others 20% off Coupon Campaign Oversea Other. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Excludes: Alaska/Hawaii, US Protectorates, APO/FPO, Africa, Central America and Caribbean, South America, Bermuda, Greenland, Mexico, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, India, Maldives, Mongolia, Russian Federation, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Wallis and Futuna, Western Samoa, Cyprus, Spain, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Laos, Taiwan, PO Box. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 5.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Varies for items shipped from an international location. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. After receiving the item, contact seller within. ※Import duties, taxes and charges are the BUYER's responsibility. Please see SHIPPING policy for more details.. * All NON-seller mistake returns for refund are subject to 20% re-stocking fee and BUYER should pay for the return shipping fee. you bought wrong model or wrong color and a change of mind.). *The item and all its accessories provided in the box must be returned.. * In case of any missing content, we shall have the rights to deduct certain amount and not to provide a full refund to cover the loss.. *Customers are responsible for the return shipping fees.. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $168.99 is required.. • You must use a verified PayPal account. • If you do not have a PayPal Account you can still pay with your Credit / Debit Card, but this will be through PayPal ONLY.. • Please note that paying by eCheck via PayPal can delay your shipment by up to two weeks while payment clears through the PayPal system (Check with PayPal on the expected clearance date).Once your eCheck payment clears, your item will be dispatched to you within 1 working day.. Feedback on playfone.go from others who bought this item. A+++++eBayer~5stars- I'm veryhappy & verysatisfied w/the item, tks-. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay ,. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5 ,. Which Samsung Galaxy Phone Is Right for You? ,. Essential Accessories for the Samsung Google Nexus ,. Top 7 T-Mobile Cell Phones ,. Galaxy Tab Unlocked Tablets with Email ,. Samsung Unlocked Galaxy Tab 3 ,. Samsung Unlocked Galaxy Tab 4 ,. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Samsung Category: Mobiles. Processor Quad-core Spreadtrum SC8830. Camera 8 MP + 2 MP. Operating System Android 5.1 (Lollipop). The overall rating is based on review by our editors. .0 0.0 1. Design 5 / 10. Display 6 / 10. Camera 5 / 10. Features 5 / 10. Connectivity 6 / 10. Usability 6 / 10. Performance 5 / 10. Battery 6 / 10. Samsung Galaxy Tab J - SPECIFICATIONS. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Samsung Galaxy Tab J - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Samsung Galaxy Note Fan Edition Exynos 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus G955K 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro (2016) 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Home Brands New Upcoming Popular Blog Compare. Samsung Nokia Qmobile Sony Rivo Microsoft Huawei HTC Apple Lenovo LG Mobile Xiaomi Show All. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Specifications & Users Reviews. Description: Samsung Galaxy Tab J comes with 7.0 inch display, Quad-core processor, 1.5 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM, Yes, 8 MP camera, 2G/3G network, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM radio, and Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop). for more details please visit Samsung Galaxy Tab J mobile phone specifications and user reviews, See specifications for more details.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm (7.36 x 4.28 x 0.34 in). 800 x 1280 pixels (~216 ppi pixel density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 8 MP, f/1.9, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Galaxy Tab J mobile price in pakistan. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J mobile specification. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J mobile prices in pakistan. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J what mobile pakistan. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J Pakistan. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J whatsmobile pk. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J specifications. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J price pakistan. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J mobile compare. | Samsung Galaxy Tab J reviews. ABBOTABAD BAHAWALPUR BASTI SHOREKOT BHAWAL NAGAR BUREWALA CHAKWAL CHICHAWATNI CHINNIOT DADU DERA ALLAH YAR DERA GHAZI KHAN DERA MURAD JAMALI DHARKI FAISALABAD GAMBAT GHOTKI GOJRA GUDDU GUJAR KHAN GUJRANWALA GUJRAT HARIPUR HYDERABAD Hafizabad ISLAMABAD / RAWALPINDI JACOBABAD JARANWALA JEHLUM JHANG HAROONABAD HASANABDAL KALAR KAHAR KAMONKI KANDH KOT KANDIARO KARACHI KASHMORE KHAIRPUR MIRS KHAIRPUR NATHAN SHAH KHAN PUR KHANEWAL KHARIAN KHURLIANWALA KOHAT KOTLI LAHORE LARKANA LIAQATPUR MANSEHRA MARDAN MEHAR MEHRABPUR MIAN CHUNNU MIRPUR AZAD KASHMIR MIRPURKHAS MIRPURMATHELO MORO MULTAN MUZAFFARABAD AZAD KASHMIR MUZAFFARGARH NAWABSHAH NOWDERO NOWSHERA NOWSHEROFEROZ OKARA PANNU AQIL PESHAWAR QUETTA RAHIM YAR KHAN RANIPUR RATO DERA ROHRI SADIQABAD SAHIWAL SAMUNDRI SARGODHA SAWAT SEHWAHN SHEIKHUPURA SHIKARPUR SHOREKOT CANTT SIALKOT SUKKUR TANDO ADAM TANDO JAM TANDO MUHAMMAD KHAN TANDOLAYAR TEXILA TOBA TEK SINGH UBAOURO USTA MUHAMMAD VEHARI WAH CANTT WAZIRABAD. About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us. Copyright © whatmobilepk.com All Rights Reserved.. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/samsung-galaxy-tab-j/. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Announced: Specs, Features, Price, and More. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Announced: Specs, Features, Price, and More. Published: Wednesday, July 27, 2016, 9:30 [IST]. Today, Samsung has announced a new entry-level tablet dubbed Galaxy Tab J in order to make it an extension to the smartphone of a user. Similar to the Galaxy J lineup of smartphones, this tablet will also be an affordable offering.. Also Read: Gionee M6 and M6 Plus now official: 5 Tough Rivals. It is clear from the letter J in its name as we are well aware of the Galaxy J smartphones, their specs and market position as well.. Also Read: ZTE Blade V6 and Axon Mini smartphones launched in India. As of now, Samsung has revealed the pricing and availability details of this tablet only in Taiwan. The Galaxy Tab J will be priced around 5990 TWD (approx. The device will be available in Gold and White color options.. Also Read: Are You Facing Smartphone Overheating Issue?. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. Design and Display Processor and Storage Camera Connectivity and Battery Other Features. The Galaxy Tab J sports a 7-inch PLS display with a resolution of 1280 x 800 pixels that will be suitable for multimedia usage. This display has a standard pixel density of 216 ppi. It measures 8.7 mm in thickness and weighs in at 289 grams.. The Samsung tab is energized by a 1.5 GHz quad-core processor of unspecified chipset. This processor is teamed up with 1.5 GB of RAM and a meager 8 GB of native memory capacity that can be expanded with a micro SD card.. If you like to click photos using a tab, the Galaxy Tab J will let you do it with an 8 MP main snapper at its back with an aperture of f/1.9. Also, there is a 2 MP front-facer to click selfies.. The Galaxy Tab J is packed with connectivity aspects such as Bluetooth 4.0, W-Fi, and 4G LTE. Also, it is energized by a 4,000 mAh battery that will pump in enough juice for it to last for 9 hours of continuous usage.. The Galaxy Tab J runs on Android 5.1.1 Lollipop OS topped with the latest iteration of the TouchWiz UI. The tab is pre-loaded with features such as S Bike and Kids Mode besides the rest.. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. samsung | android | tablets | news. Story first published: Wednesday, July 27, 2016, 9:30 [IST]. Other articles published on Jul 27, 2016. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review: Is it the best mid-range smartphone? Xiaomi smartphones will soon come pre-installed with Microsoft apps CENTRiC collaborates with Reliance Jio for ‘Jio Football Offer’. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
It's rush hour and traffic is piling up on that page. Please try again in a short while. If you were trying to place an order, it will not have been processed at this time.. Go to the Amazon.in home page to continue shopping. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Samsung Galaxy Tab J: Características y especificaciones. El Samsung Galaxy Tab J es un tablet con soporte para redes celulares, pudiendo hacer y recibir llamadas. Cuenta con una pantalla WXGA de 7 pulgadas, procesador quad-core a 1.5GHz, 1.5GB de RAM, 8GB de almacenamiento interno expandible, cámaras de 8 y 2 megapixels, radio FM, conectividad LTE, batería de 4000 mAh y corre Android 5.1 Lollipop.. Reviews de usuarios del Samsung Galaxy Tab J. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Funciones clave Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Samsung Galaxy Tab J características avanzadas. Opina sobre el Samsung Galaxy Tab J. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2 opcional) - HSDPA - LTE. 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm. 800 x 1280 pixels, 7.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 8GB memoria interna, 1.5GB RAM. - Procesador Spreadtrum SC8830 quad-core 1.5 GHz, GPU Mali-400MP2. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 8 MP, f/1.9, autofocus, flash LED, geo-tagging, detección de rostro y sonrisa, foco táctil, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP, f/2.2. - GPS con soporte A-GPS + GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. Opiniones y Comentarios Samsung Galaxy Tab J. No hay opiniones para el Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Sé el primero en dejar una opinión sobre el Samsung Galaxy Tab J .. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Samsung Galaxy Tab J. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Samsung Galaxy Tab J. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Samsung Galaxy Tab J a otros usuarios. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017). Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) mini prime. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. Huawei MediaPad M5: tablets en versiones de 10.8" y 8.4" y el M5 Pro con stylus. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. Typically replies within a few hours. Dps & Inter College Chichawatni Official- Sub Campus. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. Cell Point shared Huawei Mobile 's video .. · 26 August 2017 ·. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Now charge your Huawei phone in 20 minutes with Huawei SuperCharge Technology & never worry about running out of battery again. # HuaweiPakistan # HuaweiSuperCharge. · 7 February 2017 ·. for more info www.cellpoint.com.pk. Official Instagram Account: http://instagram.com/adrianisenofficial All business inquiries (Review requests, sponsorships, etc) send a detailed message to: 9.... · 6 February 2017 ·. Almost Official..!! Nokia P1 Complete Specs & Features: visit: http://cellpoint.com.pk. · 6 February 2017 ·. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. · 5 February 2017 ·. All latest mobile phones prices and specification in pakistan. Samsung latest phones, mobiles, price, rate and specification in pakistan LG latest phones, mobiles, price, rate and specification in pakistan Apple latest phones, mobiles, price, rate and specification in pakistan Huawei latest phones, mobiles, price, rate and specification in pakistan Htc latest p.... · 5 February 2017 ·. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Price: Coming soon RAM: 1.5 GB BATTERY: 4000 mAh MEMORY:8 GB + MicroSD ... Camera : 8 MP+2 MP front. Samsung Galaxy Tab J latest specification and price in pakistan. Samsung Galaxy Tab J is announced 2017-07-04 in Samsung faimly. This phone comes with Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) to power up the device.Samsung Galaxy Tab J display size is 7.0 inches (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio) with having resoulution of 800 x 1280 pixels (~216 ppi pixel density). Cell Point added a new photo.. · 5 February 2017 ·. · 4 February 2017 ·. Double or Nothing..!! Huawei Honor 6X = 28,499/ Rs. Complete Specs & Features: https://www.cellpoint.com.pk/…/huawei-mate-9-mobile-phone-p…. · 3 February 2017 ·. New Handset Alert..!! OPPO F1s 4GB = 29,899/- Rs. · 3 February 2017 ·. New Handset Alert..!! Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 = 37,500/- Rs. · 3 February 2017 ·. ا لسَـــــــلاَمُ عَلَيــْــكُم وَرَحْمَةُ اللهِ وَبَرَكـَـاتُه جمعتہ المبارک www.cellpoint.com.pk. · 3 February 2017 ·. Double or Nothing..!! Huawei Honor 6X = 28,499/ Rs. Complete Specs & Features: https://www.cellpoint.com.pk/…/huawei-honor-6x-2016-mobile-…. · 3 February 2017 ·. Check Online Mobile Phone Free www.cellpoint.com.pk Win A Prize After 2 Days. See your favorite mobile phone prices and description. Cell Point shared Huawei Mobile 's video .. · 2 February 2017 ·. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Watch out folks! Now you can lead the future with Honor 6X and its dual lens camera that will change the way you take pictures forever. # Honor6X # LeadTheFuture # DualCamera # HuaweiPakistan. Cell Point shared Pricebaba 's video .. · 31 January 2017 ·. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Nokia 6 sticking to its family roots - The Indestructibles. Welcome Back Nokia ! Nokia 6 proves that it belongs to a family of well-built long lasting phones.. Cell Point shared Comedy.com 's video .. · 30 January 2017 ·. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. 
Samsung Galaxy Tab J Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Samsung Galaxy Tab S3. Samsung Galaxy Tab J vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: 89 facts in comparison. Linshof Performance Tablet: 8 x 2.1GHz. 2 x 2.15GHz & 2 x 1.6GHz. Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Intel Core i7 / 512GB SSD / 16GB RAM: 16GB. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Dell Venue 8 7000 LTE: 359ppi. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. Apple iPad 4 128GB WiFi + Cellular: 11560mAh. Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro: 4.6mm. Devices with stereo speakers deliver sound from independent channels on both left and right sides, creating a richer sound and a better experience.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10: 8MP. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (SM-T580). Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7" (2016). Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 10" (Windows 8.1). Adobe Flash with video and sound is supported in the device's browser.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). You can add widgets to the home screen. This allows you to have more flexibility and to see information at a glance, without going into the app.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). Samsung Galaxy Tab J (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) Intel Core i7 / 1TB SSD / 16GB RAM: 1000GB. A flash is good for low-light environments, and can sometimes be used as flashlight.. The web browser has automatic word wrap when zooming, the user can easily read long lines without scrolling horizontally.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). IPS (In-Plane Switching) is a technology used for LCDs. It was designed to overcome the main limitations of normal TFTs TN-matrices: relatively slow response times, small viewing angles and low quality color reproduction.. Apple iPad Pro 12.9" WiFi + Cellular 64GB: 2160 x 30fps. 802.11ac wireless works on the 5GHz frequency range. It offers higher transfer rates, improved reliability and improved power consumption. It provides advantages for gaming and HD video streaming.. Apple iPad Pro 9.7" 256GB WiFi + Cellular. Apple iPad Pro 9.7" 256GB WiFi + Cellular. Apple iPad Pro 9.7" 256GB WiFi + Cellular. This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
You may compare phones just by entering nexus s vs iphone 4 OR desire vs wildfire vs desire hd in the search input. Home > Phones > Samsung > Galaxy Tab J. Add Samsung Galaxy Tab J to comparison. 10.0 (based on 1 vote and 0 review ). Operating system: Android OS v5.1 (Lollipop). MP3, eAAC+, WAV, FLAC. MP4, H.264. Added on 21/12/2016 , last updated 21/12/2016. Please contact us in case you spot any incorrect details of Samsung Galaxy Tab J.. 9.0 (based on 2 votes). 8.0 (based on 2 votes). 9.0 (based on 1 vote). 2.0 (based on 1 vote). N/A (Not rated yet). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). N/A (Not rated yet). 6.0 (based on 1 vote). Samsung Galaxy A8 (2016) Dual SIM. N/A (Not rated yet). 3.2 (based on 5 votes). 
Samsung Galaxy Tab J - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». Got this model SM-T285YD, sent by my aunt from Taiwan and it is launched there as Tab J. Same specs as the J MAX. I got 2 of them and both have annoying backlight bleed. The gold one I got has the worst. The UI is not so smooth compared to my Asus Budget Phone (ZB551KL). tho 8MP, better color reproduction than my Asus. The security Patch is still October 2016 and I believe will not be updated anymore. My asus got updated to MAY 2017 patch considering this was release MAY last year. The SD 400 of my asus is faster and can playback 1080p 60FPS while this model can NOT playback 60FPS video smoothly. The screen quality is nice tho. Way better than the TFT of my ASUS. Good for Media consumption (Movies, TV shows, Youtube). Music? my ASUS is way better, Thanks to it's audio manager. This Tab has NO built in music player. (Not sure about the J Max) The 8GB will hinder you if you install a lot of apps. Just make sure to monitor your storage and remove obsolete files.. aung, 23 Jul 2017 How can I screenshort in Tab J Home Button and Power Button Simultaeneously. How can I screenshort in Tab J. Blurry, 23 Apr 2017 Ok, can anyone let me know what is the differences between G Tab J and G A6? I know its same 7... more A 6 basically has sd 410 chip while tab j has spreadtrum chip ...... They keep putting different names in different countries .... They are selling the weaker spreadtrum chip in most countries. Ok, can anyone let me know what is the differences between G Tab J and G A6? I know its same 7 inch. galaxy tab j is dual sim ?. will tab J get marshmallow or Noughut update?. mubi, 10 Sep 2016 Can it support otg??. yes it supports otg (on the go) but no compasss. Samz, 26 Jul 2016 Okay, we have samsung galaxy J and galaxy J max? So whats the main diferences anyway? Chip lis... video 720p@30fps ( j max ). Samz, 26 Jul 2016 Okay, we have samsung galaxy J and galaxy J max? So whats the main diferences anyway? Chip lis... What is the difference between tab j n j max. Is this tab j support otg. samsung in india providing low quality product at high cost rate comprising to all brand availaible in india.. Why are Samsung still releasing tabs/phones with only 8Gb of memory.. While the ''J'' range is usually lower-end than the ''A'' one, this one is actually superior to the Galaxy Tab A 2016 (7.0), with OTG and better camera. I really am wanting to know if there will be a 4G-LTE variant, so that we could see it as a Galaxy J Max Pro (as it has some better specs too). Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 22 user reviews and opinions for Samsung Galaxy Tab J .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Samsung Galaxy J Max Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0 Pro. Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
UNLOCK YOUR PHONE UNLOCK YOUR PHONE, FEEL THE FREEDOM.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J by Unlock Code.. UnlockLocks | August 11, 2017 | SAMSUNG | No Comments. Why unlock my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J?. The unlocking service we offer allows you to use any network providers SIM card in your SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J. this involves unlock codes which are a series of numbers which can be entered into your tablet via dial pad to remove the network restriction and allow the use of other domestic and foreign networks. How Do I unlock my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J?. Get the unique unlock code of your SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J from here. Remove the original SIM Card from your tablet. Now, you should see a box to enter the unlock code. Enter the unlock code provided by unlocklocks.com. All carriers are supported for unlocking (AT&T, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, Cricket, EE, Vodafone, Orange, O2, 3 UK, Virgin mobile, Rogers, Fido, Bell, Telus, SFR, Bouygues, Movistar, TIM, TMN, A1, Telekom, etcâ¦). Unlocking is permanent, you donât need to enter the unlock code more than once. All SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J variants are supported for unlocking. Unlocking a SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J tablet is legal and 100% safe. What are the advantages of unlocking my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J? The biggest advantage of getting your phone unlocked is choice. With your phone unlocked you can swap SIM cards at different times to get the best value of the different tariffs from the providers, you can choose which network and which tariff you want at various times.Mobile phones which are unlocked tend to have a greater second hand value, the value of your handset could be increased. Many people will unlock their mobiles so they can use a local prepaid SIM card when in a different country instead of using the costly ‘roaming’ feature provided by their current network provider. Why would I want to unlock my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J? There are hundreds of network operators around the globe that lock their phones onto their networks. So we un-lock the SIM locks from the phone so that you can use any network you please.Unlocking your phone will give you freedom to purchase or use a SIM card from another network in your own country or even worldwide. Unlocking your phone will give you the opportunity to change the SIM card to a local provider when abroad, allowing much cheaper calls. It will also increase the value of your phone if you sell it. How will I know if my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J is locked? To find out if your phone is locked, simply place a different SIM card in the phone and turn the phone on. Ensure you use a different SIM and not the SIM that the phone was supplied with. If the phone does not allow you to make calls and displays an error message such as ‘SIM not valid’, ‘Phone Restricted’, ‘SIM not accepted’ or it’s asking you to enter an unlock code then your phone is most likely to be locked. How do you unlock my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J? You provide us with easy to find details of your phone e.g. the type, the IMEI number, country and the network that supplied the phone. This information is then used to provide an unlock code to unlock your phone. You simply follow the instructions we provide, and the phone will be unlocked – easy!. What information do I need to give you? This varies depending on the phone. Typically you need to provide the model, the 15 digit IMEI number of the phone and the country / network it is locked to. Usually this is enough but this does vary for each handset and solution. Either way we provide you with full easy to follow instructions to unlock your phone. Do I need the original SIM card to unlock my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J? The unlock codes we supply for most handsets will be entered without any SIM card inserted. However, certain handsets do require either an alternative SIM card, or the original SIM card to be inserted in order for the unlock codes to work. Do I require technical knowledge? None at all, we provide complete and easy instructions for unlocking your phone. Often it can be as simple as entering an unlock code using the phone’s keypad. If there is a problem unlocking your phone using the codes we provide then we will endeavor to solve the problem to the best of our ability. What do I do with the unlock codes? Once you receive the codes, follow our detailed instructions and enter the codes into your phone by using the phone keypad. It is simple and straight forward and will immediately unlock your phone. Can I get a discount if I have more than 10 phones to unlock? Sure. Please contact us through our website we offer special discounts for professional unlockers. What is a SIM card? It’s the small (roughly 2cm by 1 cm) microchip card that you insert into a phone when it’s first set up. It provides the identity of the phone for the mobile network. The SIM card is usually located behind the battery on the back of the phone. How do I pay? We accept a wide range of payment methods : – Visa – Mastercard – American Express – Electron – Paypal – Others…. Is it safe and secure entering my card details on your website? Your cards details are fully encrypted and processed over a secure server. We do not store your card details for maximum security. We also support PayPal, which has a Thawte certified 128bit SSL Security site. Will my phone still work? Yes, unlocking simply removes the network lock and SIM lock that are entered into the phones software when sold to you by the network. Will the unlock codes damage my phone? Removing the network restriction on your mobile phone with unlock codes is the safest form of unlocking available. You simply enter the necessary codes directly into your phone via the keypad to remove the network restriction. Unlocking a SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J tablet is easy as making a call.. Congratulations, enjoy your unlocked SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab J on all networks, worldwide.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab Active 2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy S6 edge by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 By Unlock Code ?. No Comments | Sep 21, 2017. No Comments | Feb 25, 2014. No Comments | Aug 11, 2017. No Comments | Feb 25, 2014. The world's #1 phone unlocking solutions provider since 2006, with thousands of phones unlocked each day. we could tell you about our years of experience, we were the first online phone unlocking site. you may think that "first" doesn't always mean "best," but we're sure once you've unlocked your phone with us, you'll change your mind. our company is headed up by telecommunications techs from the united states. they're smart guys, but they're especially smart about unlocking mobile devices.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J3 & J3 (2016) b.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile LG Aristo (LG M.... How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Maven 3 (Z835) by Unlo.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Oppo A57 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock AT&T HUAWEI Ascend XT2 (H1711) b.... How To Unlock Xfinity Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code From UnlockLock.... How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 mini I8190 by Unlo.... How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock HTC One SC2, One, One Mini, One Max .... How To Unlock HTC One by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code .... How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ?. How To Unlock LG G Flex by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock ZTE Blade A450 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy C9 Pro by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy .... How To Unlock ZTE T816 (Telstra Smart Plus) by Unl.... How To Unlock HTC Evo 3D by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Alcatel One Touch Tribe 30.03 and 30.... How To Unlock Oppo Mirror 5s by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Essential Phone by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K10 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K8 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor 7C by Unlock Code.. Copyright © 2018 UnlockLocks.COM .. 
Try ETOOSINDIA Newly Launched Smart Devices. Lenovo I3 Ideapad 320 ( Intel Core i3 ). Crack JEE / NEET with ETOOSINDIA & Lenovo Ideapad 320 which is packed with Intel I3-6006U Processor that provides fast speed along with 4GB DDR4 RAM and 1 TB HDD. It is having a Vide Screen Size of 15.6” with Full HD resolution. The product is inbuilt with HD quality video lectures of PCM/PCB prepared by Top Faculties of Kota. Purchase now & get free access to Online Test Series & Doubt Clinic Forum.. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (LTE). Crack JEE / NEET with ETOOSINDIA & Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 which is powered by 1.4GHz quad-core processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. Comfortable to hold and feels light in your hands, it is easy to carry anywhere. The product comes with SD Card having HD quality video lectures of PCM/PCB prepared by Top Faculties of Kota. Purchase now & get free access to Online Test Series & Doubt Clinic Forum.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Max (LTE). Crack JEE / NEET with ETOOSINDIA & Samsung Galaxy Tab J Max. A powerhouse of performance and functionality, it is designed to empower you towards greater productivity in your study tasks with features like LTE support, high-performance camera and increased storage space, The product comes with SD Card having HD quality video lectures of PCM/PCB prepared by Top Faculties of Kota. Purchase now & get free access to Online Test Series & Doubt Clinic Forum.. MON ~ SUN / 9AM ~ 8PM Support: 9214233360 | 40. visa / master card / maestro / american express. CC avenue / norton / etoos promise / trust paymant & shipping. CHANGE & REFUND POLICY |. A noted name in the field of education in South Korea, Etoos dived into the Indian market in the year 2011 and since then there has been no looking back. up in Kota, to provide classroom coaching to the IIT aspirants and the firm also started IIT JEE coaching online in the same year.. - The videos have been designed and drafted by the top faculties from Kota who carry years of experience in the field and have in-depth knowledge about their respective subjects. - These video lectures offer the ease of studying anytime and anywhere. - The lectures are available in five different modes – VOD, MOBILE, USB, LAPTOP and TABLET. So the student can choose their preferred mode. - The high quality lectures are engrossing and offer the feel of sitting in a real classroom like environment. - To top it all, the lectures are available at a very economical rate. Various discounts and offers are launched from time to time to make these all the more cost-effective.. Etoos brought a revolution in the market by introducing the concept of online coaching for the students aspiring to seek admission in the esteemed Indian Institute of Technology. The online education giant also provides online coaching for CBSE class XI and XII and has recently also started offering NEET video lectures for those who wish to get into the. Etoosindia has collaborated with the best faculties from Kota to provide online coaching to the aforementioned set of students to help them fulfil their dreams. NEET as well as CBSE video lectures have gained immense popularity over the years. Here is a look at the benefits they offer:. Besides offering CBSE, NEET and JEE online coaching via its video lectures, Etoosindia.com also offers a host of mock tests to allow the students to test their knowledge.. Copyright © 2011~2017 etoosindia.com by ETOOS Education. You can experience more discount in "Flat 40%off + Benefit" Do you want to go to Offer page?. 
DIMENSION: 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Android Tablet was launched in July 2016. It is priced in India at Rs. 13400 ($197.06), running on the Spreadtrum SC8830 processor with Mali-400MP2 GPU. The phone has 1.5 GB RAM and 8 GB of internal storage which is expandable using microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot).. The Galaxy Tab J has a 7.0 inches WXGA, 800 x 1280 pixels PLS display with a pixel density of 216 ppi. Coming to cameras, it has a 8 MP rear camera and a 2 MP front camera for selfies. It has a microUSB port for data syncing and charging. There is a accelerometer sensor present on the Galaxy Tab J. It is a single SIM smartphone with support for 4G LTE, USB OTG, Wi-Fi, FM Radio, Bluetooth and GPS too.. The Galaxy Tab J runs on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) and all this is powered by a 4000 mAh battery. It measures 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm (height x width x thickness) with a total weight of 289 grams including battery.. Samsung Galaxy Tab J Detailed Specifications. 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm (7.36 x 4.28 x 0.34 in). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A7, Spreadtrum SC8830 [Browse Similar]. Mali-400MP2 [Browse Similar]. 1.5 GB [Browse Similar]. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 8 MP [Browse Similar]. Auto focus, f/1.9, Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection, HDR, Panorama. 2 MP, f/2.2 [Similar]. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Samsung I9300 Galaxy S III (S3). Huawei MateBook X Pro comes with a 13.9-inch FullView Touchscreen display and a wonky camera design. Nokia 6 gets an Android One edition at MWC 2018, runs Oreo out of the box. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 LTE. Copyright © PhoneBunch | Advertise | Contact Us | Terms of Use. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Samsung trademarks the Galaxy Tab A, Tab E, and Tab J in its homeland, new tablets on the way?. Samsung trademarks the Galaxy Tab A, Tab E, and Tab J in its homeland, new tablets on the way?. posted by Peter K.. Tags :. Samsung - Samsung + Android - Android + Tablets - Tablets +. Despite the rumored slimming-down of its portfolio, rumors about new Samsung devices are flying through the air like a bee swarm towards a meadow - from tablets to phones , Samsung seems to be gearing towards a surplus of new product launches in 2015. The latest rumor that we heard right through the grapevine suggests that the troubled South Korea-based tech company might be either prepping a handful of new tablet series of tablets or re-branding some of its existing ones.. GalaxyClub reports that Samsung has applied for three new trademark applications with the Korean Intellectual Property Office - " Samsung Galaxy Tab A",. Judging from these trademarks, we can easily deduce that we are dealing with tablets. However, the question remains whether these will end up being the mysterious slates that Samsung is reportedly working on and the model numbers of which leaked some time ago. Of course, the Galaxy Tab A, E, and J might be a new naming scheme for the existing Galaxy Tab, Galaxy Tab S, or the Galaxy Note/Note Pro lineups.. The latter seems somewhat unlikely from a marketing point of view, but judging by the company's shaken market positions, it might be a necessary step. Then again, a trademark application doesn't necessarily mean that new tablets are on their way, it just hints at this. What's more, the Galaxy Tab A, E, and J fall in line with Samsung's recent letter-naming trend, demonstrated by the Galaxy A5 , A7 , E5 , E7 , and J1 .. What's your opinion - is Samsung simply renaming its "troops" or prepping reinforcements? Discuss below!. source: GalaxyClub.nl ( translated ). Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 3718; Member since: 03 Nov 2012). posted on 05 Feb 2015, 05:33. Getting rid of long names and applying Letters with Numbers.. posted on 05 Feb 2015, 06:05. Yeah, those long names were getting ridiculous. Like Samsung Galaxy tab 7.0 lite LTE.. (Posts: 2166; Member since: 26 Apr 2012). posted on 05 Feb 2015, 05:56. They need birth control for their mobile and tablet division. They keep on releasing these variations nobody buys and has poor support. (Posts: 444; Member since: 30 Jul 2014). posted on 05 Feb 2015, 06:01. (Posts: 147; Member since: 04 Feb 2015). posted on 05 Feb 2015, 06:04. (Posts: 464; Member since: 10 Dec 2014). posted on 06 Feb 2015, 11:28. Weren't they supposed to decrease the number of models they release? It's ridiculous having 10 models with similar specs. Custom rom development suffers as well as official updates.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Samsung trademarks the Galaxy Tab A, Tab E, and Tab J in its homeland, new tablets on the way?. Samsung trademarks the Galaxy Tab A, Tab E, and Tab J in its homeland, new tablets on the way?. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Your Ultimate Guide to Take Screenshots. ≡ Menu HOME BLACKBERRY ANDROID Google Pixel & Pixel XL Google Pixel C Galaxy S7 , Galaxy S7 Edge Google Nexus 9 & Nexus 10 IOS Apple ​iPhone ​X iPhone 5 , iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus NOKIA LUMIA PRIVACY POLICY DISCLAIMER CONTACT US. on July 31, 2017. How to take a screenshot on Samsung Galaxy Tab J How to take a screenshot on Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Navigate the screen which you want to take a screenshot .. Press and hold the power button and home button at the same time.. You will notice some animations which mean your print-screen has been taken.. Step 4: Pull down the notification area to view a thumbnail of the photo.. and tick the box next to. Go to the screen which you want to take a screenshot.. Now you can simply swipe your palm across the screen to capture a screenshot.. Step 4: Your captured image automatically. Samsung Galaxy Tab J smartphone with 7.0 inches Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen display with 800 x 1280 pixels. The phone is powered by Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A7 processor. It has 1.5 GB RAM and 8GB of internal. It has an 8MP autofocus, LED flash rear camera and 2MP front camera. The phone comes in White, Gold colors.. Share this post if you liked it and If you got any questions leave us a comment below.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Next post: Huawei MediaPad T1 8.0. Previous post: Samsung Galaxy A7 Duos. How to take a screenshot on Galaxy S5. How to take a screenshot on samsung s7. how to take a screenshot on iphone 5. Android Blackberry Chrome OS Firefox OS IOS Nintendo PLAYSTATION Smartphone Tips Smartwatch Uncategorized Windows. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2018). 
