Skip to content Skip to accessibility help. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. * Price subject to change without prior notification. The new Galaxy C7 Pro is slim but packs quite a punch within. Its solid curves, powerful 2.5D Glass with Full Metal Body- all come inside a 7 mm slim frame.. The new Galaxy C7 Pro is fitter and faster. With 4 GB RAM and a superfast processor, it sets a new standard in multitasking. Now switch apps, download content or play games at blazing speed.. Any light is good enough for a gorgeous shot with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. The 16 MP rear camera with DUAL LED rear flash and F1.9 lens allows you to capture moments brilliantly even in low light. What’s more, an equally terrific 16 MP front camera helps your selfies grab the spotlight.. The new Galaxy C7 Pro comes with 64 GB internal memory to keep all your memories in one place. Need more? Expand it to a whopping 256 GB.. The new Galaxy C7 Pro is made for more. It is powered by a 3,300 mAh battery that goes a long way. And you can charge your phone in minutes.. Get a view of the extraordinary with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. Its 14.43 cm (5.7’’) Full HD sAMOLED screen brings your world alive with great detail, lustrous colour and deep contrast.. Feel it like never before with the Hi-fi feature on the new Galaxy C7 Pro.. Now, making payments has become faster and more secure with Samsung Pay mini. Just scan the code and pay through UPI or your mobile wallet.. SIM 1 + Hybrid (SIM or MicroSD). 2G GSM, 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD. A2DP, AVRCP, DI, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP. Accelerometer, Fingerprint Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Proximity Sensor, RGB Light Sensor. Audio Playback Time (Hours, Always On Display Off). MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, WMV, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. Gear Circle (Manager Support), Gear Fit, Gear Fit2, Gear1, Gear2, Gear2 Neo, Gear S, Gear S2, Gear S3, Gear IconX. There are no user reviews yet.. When the device heats up during use. When the device heats up during use. What should I do when the device heats up while charging the battery?. What should I do when the device heats up while charging the battery? See The Answer. * Key feature may different from Key Spec. * Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location. Network: The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider. Memory size: User memory is less than the total memory due to storage of the operating system and software used to operate the phones features. Actual user memory will vary depending on the mobile phone operator and may change after software upgrades are performed.. Samsung India encourages its customers for e-waste recycling.. Please call 1800 40 SAMSUNG (7267864) or. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro smartphone was launched in January 2017. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in India starts from Rs. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is powered by 2.2GHz Octa-core processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 256GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 3300mAh non removable battery. It measures 156.50 x 77.20 x 7.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 172.00 grams. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM + CDMA) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, Headphones, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good battery life Brilliant display Fast charging Lots of RAM and storage Bad Slippery to hold Camera performance suffers in low light. Read detailed Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Now Available at a Discount on Amazon India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Available at a Discount for Amazon Prime Members. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Goes on Sale in India at Rs. More Samsung mobiles Samsung mobiles price in India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India Galaxy C7 Pro (Gold, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 22,999 Galaxy C7 Pro (Blue, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 22,999 Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy Blue, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro detailed specifications. Release date January 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 156.50 x 77.20 x 7.00 Weight (g) 172.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3300 Removable battery No Colours Navy Blue, Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 2.2GHz Processor make Octa-core RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 256. Rear camera 16-megapixel Front camera 16-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones Yes FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM + CDMA 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. 3 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 2 Star 1 1 Star 1. Displaying review(s) 1- 4 of 4 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Ashok Kumar Singh | 17 Aug 2017. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. I wolud recommend to buy this. By Moiz Niyazi | 16 Aug 2017. battery life is too good and it get charge very fast. camera quality is just good..display is owsum.... Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Gyanendranath Mohanty | 14 Feb 2018. I purchased the set on the day of launching.But disappointed when I found the pre installed USB Backup App is not working.I sent around 38000 at that time.I am frustrated .How ever other features are good.Samsung update C7 with USB Backup to make it active.If not then why it is preinstalled ?. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Mathew Kurian | 8 Oct 2017. nothing to think just go for it. good camera with nice rear and selfie. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Now Available at a Discount on Amazon India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Available at a Discount for Amazon Prime Members. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Goes on Sale in India at Rs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro First Impressions. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 16-Megapixel Front Camera Launched at Rs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro India Launch Expected Today. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official. Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro (2018) Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy A8+ (2018) Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Samsung W2018 Samsung Galaxy J2 (2017) Samsung Galaxy C8 Samsung Galaxy J7+ Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung SM-G9298 Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy On Max Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Feel Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) (AT&T) Samsung Z4 Samsung Galaxy J3 Prime Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy S8. Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 vs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 Apple iPhone X vs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oneplus 5t vs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Huawei Mate 10 Lite vs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy On Max vs. Huawei Honor 8 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs. Nokia 6 Xiaomi Mi A1 vs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) and Galaxy A5 (2017). Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 6 (2018) With Snapdragon 630, Bothie Cameras Launched Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S to Launch March 27 With Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 696 results for "samsung galaxy c7 pro". See all results for samsung galaxy c7 pro .. Amazon's Choice for "samsung galaxy c7 pro". Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB - Blue Navy - 2017 model - Factory Unlocked - International Version - No Warranty. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Gold, 5.7", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 (Chinese imported Model). Samsung Galaxy C7 SM-C7000 Unlocked 32GB Dual Sim (Dark Gray). Samsung Galaxy C5 SM-C5000 Unlocked 32GB Dual Sim (Gray) …. $199.50 (9 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Pink Gold, 5.7", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 (Chinese imported Model). Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro C9000 64GB Gold, Dual Sim, 6", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. $344.99 (6 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy C7 C7000 32GB 5.7" GSM Unlocked Cellphone (Gold) - International Version No Warranty. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro C9000 64GB Pink, Dual Sim, 6", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. $349.99 (8 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro C9000 64GB Black, Dual Sim, 6", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Adaptive Fast Charger Type C Cable Kit! [1 Wall Charger + 4 FT Type C USB Cable] Adaptive Fast Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging. AFC Fast Charge device: Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, LG G6 G5, LG V20 .... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Adaptive Fast Charger Type C Cable Kit! [1 DUAL Car + 1 Home Charger + 2x Type C USB Cable] AFC uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging. Samsung Galaxy C7 SM-C7000 Unlocked 32GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - No Warranty Silver. Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. 2 Pack 9.9ft USB Type C Cable, USB C Cable Nylon Braided Fast Charger Cord (USB 2.0) for Samsung Galaxy Note 8, S8, LG V20 G6, Pixel 2, Nexus 5X/6P, Moto Z2, OnePlus 5 3T, Nintendo Switch. USB Type-C devices such as Samsung Galaxy S8(2017), Samsung Galaxy S8 .... 4 Pack 3ft 6ft 6ft 10ft USB Type C Cable, USB C Cable Nylon Braided Fast Charger Cord (USB 2.0) for Galaxy Note 8, S8, LG V20 G6, Pixel 2, Nexus 5X/6P, Moto Z2, OnePlus 5 3T, Nintendo Switch. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. USB Type-C devices such as Samsung Galaxy S8(2017), Samsung Galaxy S8 .... Portable Galaxy C7 Pro Quick Charger 3.0 10400 External PowerBank with USB Type-C and MicroUSB Cables. by Certified Accessory for Samsung. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Quick Charge 3.0 your Galaxy C7 Pro on the go using the FASTEST & Latest Tech!. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Adaptive Fast Charger Type C Cable Kit! [1 Car Charger + 4 FT Type C USB Cable] Adaptive Fast Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 4 out of 5 stars. Aditya Shenoy , 15 May 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The Galaxy C7 Pro is powered by a Snapdragon 626 SoC and has 4GB of RAM. Its battery is rated at 3300mAh and it supports adaptive fast charging. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is priced at Rs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro design Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro specifications Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro software Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro cameras Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro performance Verdict. Samsung is one of the few smartphone makers with a wide presence across all price segments. It has multiple devices aimed at different audiences, a strategy that has helped it hang on to the number one spot in India despite ferocious competition.. The C series, one of Samsung's many different product lines, has been updated with potent new models. The Galaxy C7 Pro is priced in a segment dominated by OnePlus with the OnePlus 3 ( Review ) and OnePlus 3T ( Review ). Even Motorola has the somewhat similarly specced Moto Z Play ( Review ) at a lower price. Can the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro put up a fight? We put it to the test.. We have to admit, the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is a good-looking device. Samsung has got the design and build quality spot on. The phone is available in gold colour but we prefer the navy blue finish of our review unit. We wish Samsung offered a black option, which would have gone well with the black front panel. You are reminded of the aluminium unibody when you pick this phone up in an air-conditioned room. The body is just 7mm thick and is comfortable to hold thanks to the curved sides and edges.. The glass on the front of the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has rounded edges. The front camera, earpiece, proximity sensor and hidden notification LED are arranged in a line, with Samsung branding below them. The metal mesh on the earpiece and the accent surrounding the home button are finished in the same colour as the back panel, which looks neat. The physical home button houses the fingerprint sensor and has backlit capacitive buttons on either side.. The volume buttons are positioned on the left and the power button is on the right, with the hybrid dual-SIM tray below it. You can use two Nano-SIMs or use the second slot to extend storage with a microSD card. The tray has little tabs that hold SIMs in place securely, which is appreciated.. Samsung has opted for antenna lines that run across the top and bottom of the phone's rear. They sit flush with the metal just like the ones on the Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro ( Review ) and the Oppo F3 Plus ( Review ). The primary camera and the dual-tone LED flash are in the center. The camera protrudes slightly and has a metal surround which should help prevent scratches. The Samsung branding at the back has a reflective finish which shines when light bounces off the matte back panel.. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has a USB Type-C port, loudspeaker, microphone and 3.5 mm audio socket at the bottom, and a secondary microphone at the top. Samsung provides a Micro-USB to Type-C adapter in the box so that you can work with your existing accessories. The phone tips the scales at 172g and feels just about right in the hand. We must add that it is a little slippery to hold, and the entire screen cannot be used with one hand.. The Galaxy C7 Pro sports a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED display with full-HD resolution and thin borders. We must say that the display is very good. Punchy contrast and good viewing angles make it viewable in various lighting conditions. You can choose from a selection of predefined display modes but there is no way of fine-tuning these settings.. Powering the phone is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 626 SoC with an integrated Adreno 506 GPU. The processor has eight Cortex-A53 cores and is clocked at 2.2GHz. The Galaxy C7 Pro has 4GB of RAM along with 64GB of storage. You can expand storage by up to 256GB by popping in a microSD card. There is support for Bluetooth 4.2, dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, and NFC. The Galaxy C7 Pro has a non-removable 3300mAh battery and comes with a proprietary quick charger in the box.. Samsung chose to launch the C7 Pro with Android 6.0 Marshmallow instead of Android 7.0 Nougat. The UI that Samsung offers is quite polished and is in line with what we've seen on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. If you have used Samsung smartphones in the past, you'll find this UI improved, yet familiar. You also have the option to customise it with a theme of your choice. Samsung lets you select themes and icons from the settings, and you can choose from a variety of free and paid ones.. The UI has an app drawer, and apps can be sorted alphabetically or in your own custom order. Swipe left from the homescreen and you'll come across Briefing, a news feed powered by Flipboard. You can customise the types and sources of news as per your liking, or switch it off altogether. Samsung also offers a blue light filter with a schedule and customisable intensity. This is quite useful at night and in low-light situations.. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro gets an Always-On display mode that shows the time, date, and notifications, if any when the phone is in standby. Power saving options let you extend battery life by turning the brightness down and limiting device performance. At the highest power saving level, the software only lights up select pixels on the AMOLED screen. S Power planning is a different approach to battery management, which reserves a bit of power only for calling, when your total charge level falls below a set threshold.. There are lots of preinstalled apps on the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro and you can find even more apps in the Galaxy Apps store. You get Samsung's S Health which lets you track steps, your water intake and sleep. The S Folder lets you lock private data, but you need to create a Samsung ID for this to function. The phone also claims to lock down your data if it detects someone trying to gain root access or load a custom ROM, both of which are security risks. You also get the Opera Max browser with built-in data compression, and some apps from Microsoft.. The Galaxy C7 Pro sports 16-megapixel cameras at the front and back. It has a dual-tone LED flash at the back, but misses out on a selfie flash. Double-pressing the home button quickly launches the camera app no matter what's currently running on the phone. You can choose between multiple modes before taking photos, including Continuous Shot to take bursts, and a Food mode that adds a bokeh effect to make subjects more prominent. Pro mode gives you better control over individual settings but sadly misses out on aperture and shutter speed controls. Samsung also gives you the option to download more modes from its store.. The phone is quick to focus and capture shots, and they come out sharp with accurate colours. Photos taken with the primary camera in daylight look quite good, but HDR mode sometimes caused ghosting in our sample shots. Objects at a distance lack detail and there is considerable noise in the output. You can switch to Night mode but the difference in the output is marginal. Focusing took longer in low light, colours seemed a bit off, and the edges of subjects weren't very smooth. Video recording on the Galaxy C7 Pro maxes out at 1080p. There is continuous autofocus and you can also lock focus while recording. The camera adjusts to scene changes quite quickly while recording.. Photos taken with the selfie camera are good enough for sharing and social media. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has a beautify mode which smoothens out faces and skin, which isn't turned on by default. Group Selfie requires you to swivel the camera around to capture a wider field of view. Video recording maxes out at 1080p.. Tap to see full-sized Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro camera samples. The Galaxy C7 Pro did manage to impress us with its overall performance. It took no time for us to get used to the 5.7-inch screen. The slippery body does mean that you need a sturdy grip while unlocking and using it. The Snapdragon 626 SoC has adequate power and never left us wanting. Also, Samsung has been generous with 4GB of RAM. Over 1.5GB was usually free to deal with anything we threw at it.. We put the Galaxy C7 Pro through our benchmarking tests and it managed to score 67,717 in Antutu, plus 931 and 4498 respectively in Geekbench's single and multi-core tests. For gaming, we played Warhammer 40K Freeblade, Clash Royale, and Breakneck. We didn't encounter any lag while gaming and the phone ran cooler than we had expected it to.. Battery life is good and the device manages to go one full day with medium use and a bit of gaming. Our HD video loop test went on for 16 hours and 8 minutes before the phone died. What this means is that you won't need to worry when you are away from a charger. When the battery does run out, the bundled adaptive fast charger manages to top the phone up in around 90 minutes.. Samsung has managed to strike a good balance between performance and battery life with the Galaxy C7 Pro. The premium build quality and crisp display add to its appeal. Yes, it is priced at the same level as the OnePlus 3 ( Review ), but the C7 Pro isn't running the same race. Its ideal competitor is the Moto Z Play which is priced at Rs 24,999. In comparison, the Galaxy C7 Pro offers a better processor, more RAM, and a sleeker body.. If what you need is an all-day performer, the Galaxy C7 Pro would be our pick over the Moto Z Play ( Review ). You can also wait for discounts like these on the Galaxy C7 Pro to sweeten the deal. However, the OnePlus 3T ( Review ) is still more of an outright powerhouse.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good battery life Brilliant display Fast charging Lots of RAM and storage Bad Slippery to hold Camera performance suffers in low light. Read detailed Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Now Available at a Discount on Amazon India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Available at a Discount for Amazon Prime Members. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Goes on Sale in India at Rs. More Samsung mobiles Samsung mobiles price in India. Further reading: Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro , Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Features , Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price , Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in India , Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review , Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Specifications. Efforts on to Create IT Entrepreneurs Ecosystem to Tackle Attrition: Kharge. Coolpad Cool Play 6 With Dual Rear Cameras, 4060mAh Battery Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. 360 Daily: Punjab National Bank Data Breach, Apple AirPods Upgrades, And More. A Date With Sophia: The Humanoid Robot. HTC U11+ Review: Camera, Specs, Performance, And More. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27 Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S to Launch March 27 With Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia CEO Sees Big 5G Rollouts Nearly a Year Ahead of Schedule. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Redmi Note 5 Pro Receives Face Unlock Feature With MIUI 9.2.4 OTA Update Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Mobiles Galaxy S9|S9+ Galaxy Note8 Galaxy S8 Galaxy A Series Galaxy C Series Galaxy S7 Galaxy J Series Galaxy ON Series. Tablets All Tablets Galaxy Tab A 7.0. Wearables Gear Fit 2 Pro Gear Sport Gear S3 Virtual Reality Headsets Gear 360 See All Gear. Extended Warranty Packs Premium Mobile Care pack Blue Mobile Care Pack Silver Mobile Care Pack White Mobile Care pack. Televisions QLED TV's Full HD TV HD TV. Washing Machine AddWash Active Wash Eco Bubble. Refrigerator Frost Free Side By Side. Cases & Covers Flagship (S series/ Note Series) Premium (A series/C series) Mass (J series/On Series) Tablet. Batteries & Power Batteries Chargers Travel Adaptor External Battery Pack. Audio Wired Headset Wireless headset Speakers. Corporate Employee Offers Support Support Contact FAQ s. Mobiles Galaxy S9|S9+ Galaxy Note8 Galaxy S8 Galaxy A Series Galaxy C Series Galaxy S7 Galaxy J Series Galaxy ON Series. Tablets All Tablets Galaxy Tab A 7.0. Wearables Gear Fit 2 Pro Gear Sport Gear S3 Virtual Reality Headsets Gear 360 See All Gear. Extended Warranty Packs Premium Mobile Care pack Blue Mobile Care Pack Silver Mobile Care Pack White Mobile Care pack. Televisions QLED TV's Full HD TV HD TV. Washing Machine AddWash Active Wash Eco Bubble. Refrigerator Frost Free Side By Side. More Support Support Contact FAQ s. Cases & Covers Flagship (S series/ Note Series) Premium (A series/C series) Mass (J series/On Series) Tablet. Batteries & Power Batteries Chargers Travel Adaptor External Battery Pack. Audio Wired Headset Wireless headset Speakers. Buy on Paytm Mall Get additional cashback offer T&C >. BUY IN-STORE Find a store near you. Free Express Delivery from your local Samsung plaza. EMIs (Pay in Easy Monthly installments). Delivery from your local Samsung Plaza [ ]. 16MP primary and front facing camera with f/1.9 aperture lens. 14.45 cm (5.7-inch) Full HD super AMOLED display with 1920 x 1080 resolution and 386 ppi and 16M colors. Android v6.0 Marshmallow OS with 2.2GHz octa core processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB internal memory expandable up to 256GB and dual SIM dual-standby (4G+4G) with hybrid SIM. To proceed with the offer, please enter the One Time password(OTP) that has been sent to your official email address. The new Galaxy C7 Pro is a lean mean machine. The stunningly crafted desing with solid curves, the poweful 2.5D Glass with Full Metal Body - all inside the 7mm slim frame.. The Galaxy C7 Pro is unbelievably nimble. With 4GB RAM and a superfast 64 Bit Octa Core processor, it sets a new standard in multitasking.. ’s never too dark for a gorgeous shot with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. The 16 MP rear camera with Dual LED Rear Flash allows you to capture moments brilliantly in any light. What’s more, an equally brilliant 16 MP front camera makes sure your selfies get all the applause.. eep all your precious moments in one place. The new Galaxy C7 Pro comes with 64 GB internal memory. And if that’s not enough, expand it to a massive 256 GB.. The Galaxy C7 Pro is slim but goes a long way. It’s powered by a 3,300 mAh battery which comes with USB Type C Connector. So charging your phone takes minutes.. Watch out for an extraordinary experience with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. With its 14.43cm (5.7”) Full HD sAMOLED screen, you can see your world come alive with breathtaking detail, incredible colour and deep contrast.. The new Galaxy C7 Pro comes with HI-fi music feature to give you an experience that is never heard before.. Accelerometer,Fingerprint Sensor,Gyro Sensor,Geomagnetic Sensor,Proximity Sensor,RGB Light Sensor. Audio Playback Time (Hours, Always On Display Off). Gear Circle (Manager Support),Gear Fit,Gear Fit2,Gear1,Gear2,Gear2 Neo,Gear S,Gear S2,Gear S3,Gear IconX. India, Vietnam, China, Korea *Country of origin shall be as mentioned on the Product. 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg,. For All Product Related Complaints/assistance, please contact. Ltd., 6th Floor, DLF Centre, Sansad Marg,. Tel (Toll Free): 1800 40 7267864 (1800 40 SAMSUNG). *Please click Learn More for detailed specification.. IMEI will be verified at the time of pick up. Only functional devices without any screen defect are accepted. The Screen/Body should not have any cracks/dent and screen should not be coming out.. I agree to the Terms and Conditions. Receive new phone & transfer content.. Get cash at the time of return.. Get Instant discount at the time of purchase.. Used device pick-up at time of delivery.. The Buyback Services (Services) are provided by Manak Waste Management Pvt Ltd. (Cashify) and you agree to the Terms of Use of Cashify before availing the same. Samsung is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained either on Cashify's Terms of Use or the services provided by them. Samsung is displaying the Terms of Use AS IS.. I agree to the Terms and Conditions. Samsung India encourages its customers for e-waste recycling.. Please call 1800 40 SAMSUNG (7267864) or. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for samsung galaxy c7 pro. All Listings - Current page. results for samsung galaxy c7 pro. Save samsung galaxy c7 pro to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow samsung galaxy c7 pro to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Hybrid Shockproof Soft Clear Case For Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Phone Cover S7Edge. JCSSUPER Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro 5.7" 16+16MP 4GB 64GB 4G LTE 1 Year Warranty. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 Dual Sim Selfie Camera 64GB 4G LTE Smartphone Mobile. NEW Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Pink GSM Unlocked SmartPhone. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Gold Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone NEW. For Samsung Galaxy S8 S7 J7 J5 C7 Case Glitter Liquid Quicksand Clear Soft Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S8 J3/J5J7 2017 Electroplating Soft Silicone TPU Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S8 J7 A5 Note 8 Hybrid Breathable Mesh Shockproof Cover Case. For Samsung Galaxy C7/C9 Pro Pro Soft Silicone Drop Armor Case Protective Cover. Shockproof Carbon Silicone Amazing Cover Case For Samsung Galaxy C5 C7 C9 Pro. For Samsung Galaxy J5/J7 Pro Luxury Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 A8+ 2018 Clear Shockproof 360° Slim TPU Cover Case. Hybrid Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Samsung Galaxy Note 8 J3/J5/J7 2017. For Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro/ C7 Pro Full Cover Soft Leather Rubber Shockproof Case. SLIM MARBLE PATTERN SOFT TPU BACK CASE COVER FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY C5 C7 C9 PRO. For Samsung Galaxy C5 C7 C5 Pro C7 Pro Hard Back Scrub Slim Full Case Cover PC. Luxury Slim Window View Flip Leather Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S7 S8 Note 8. Luxury Carbon Fiber Slim TPU Silicone Back Cover Case 4 Samsung Galaxy C5/C7/C9. For Samsung Galaxy Note 8 J5 J7 Glitter Liquid Quicksand Clear Soft Case Cover. 360° Shockproof Ultra Slim Silicone Rubber Case TPU Back Cover Skin For Samsung. For Samsung Galaxy J5/J7 Pro Shockproof Slim Soft Silicone TPU Back Case Cover. Slim Shockproof Case Rugged Armor Protective Kickstand Cover For Samsung Galaxy. For Samsung Galaxy Series Trend Matte Soft Silicone Rubber TPU Case Cover Skin. For Samsung Galaxy A5 A7 A8Plus 2018 S9 Clear Shockproof 360 Slim TPU Cover Case. Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Card Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J5 J7 Pro 2017. For Samsung Galaxy All Models Clear TPU Case Cover Skin Protective Anti-Shock. ANIMAL CUTE LOVELY RING CASE COVER FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE S8 PLUS C5 C7 PRO. Luxury Flip Leather Wallet Magnetic Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J330 J530 J730. Edge Full Cover Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Samsung Galaxy Phones. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 Gold 5.7" 16MP 64GB 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 2 new & refurbished from $339.96. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 Pink 5.7" 16MP 64GB 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 2 new & refurbished from $339.96. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 Blue 5.7" 16MP 64GB 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 2 new & refurbished from $344.97. Hot Hot Cute Bearded Cat Cartoon Soft Silicon Case Cover Back For Various Phones. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Gold Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone NEW. NEW Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Pink GSM Unlocked SmartPhone. For Samsung Galaxy Ultra Thin Shockproof Slim Soft Silicone Case TPU Cover Skin. HOT 360° Shockproof Silicone Rubber TPU Case Slim Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy. For Samsung Galaxy C5 C7 C5 Pro Hard Slim Scrub Matte PC Ring Stand Case Cover. For Samsung Ultra Slim Soft Silicone Rubber Shockproof Case TPU Back Cover Skin. Luxury Retro Vintage Slim Genuine Soft PU Leather Back Case Cover For Samsung. Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 5.7". Ultra-thin Flip PU Leather Stand Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J5/J7Prime/C9 Pro. Bling Glitter Diamond Soft Silicone TPU Case Cover For Samsung All Phone Models. For Samsung J3 J5 J7 Pro/Note 8 Shockproof Ultra Slim Matte Hard Back Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus S7 Edge J3 A5 Soft Case Thin Shockproof Phone Cover. LEAF CUTE LOVELY RING CASE COVER FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE S8 PLUS C5 C7 PRO. 3D Full Cover Carbon Fiber Tempered Glass Screen Film For Samsung C5 C7 C9 Pro. DRESS CUTE LOVELY RING CASE COVER FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE S8 PLUS C5 C7 PRO. 360° Shockproof Silicone Rubber TPU Case Slim Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy NEW. For Samsung Galaxy C5 C7 C9/Pro Luxury Sandstone Slim Matte Hard Back Case Cover. For Samsung GALAXY C7 Pro Hybrid Rubber Silicone Gel Protective Clear Case Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $4.59. Universal Clip On Fish Eye Wide Angle Macro Camera Lens For Samsung Galaxy Phone. For Samsung Galaxy S6 S7 Edge S8 Note 8 A3 A5 A7 2017. ▶1500+ SOLD◀FAST FREE SHIPPING▶FIT FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY◀. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.16 x 3.04 x 0.28 inches (156.5 x 77.2 x 7 mm). Weight 6.07 oz (172 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection), CMOS image sensor. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time (3G) 19.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3, 5. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots, Yes. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other ANT+, VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: A3LSMC710F link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: A great phone with one major drawback. Samsung gets a lot of things right with the Galaxy C7 Pro, but outdated software and a high price prevent the phone from achieving greatness.. The Indian handset segment saw a lot of changes over the last two years. One of the key trends was the influx of Chinese brands like Xiaomi, Huawei, and Lenovo, which siphoned off market share from local manufacturers. Chinese brands now account for 50% of all handset sales in the country, and that number is only set to increase as competition intensifies and new players make their entry.. In all this time, the one constant has been Samsung. The South Korean manufacturer not only managed to retain its position as the number one phone brand in the country, but it also successfully increased its market share. The reason it was able to do so was because of its competitiveness across key segments — the Galaxy S series and Galaxy A series targeted the high-end and mid-tier categories, whereas the Galaxy J and Galaxy On series catered to budget buyers.. While the Galaxy S series undoubtedly occupies a majority of the mindshare, it is the Galaxy J series that leads the way for Samsung in India — over the last two years, Samsung sold tens of millions of devices in this segment, allowing the brand to solidify its position as the leading smartphone vendor in the country.. That leaves us with the Galaxy C series. The lineup sits one tier below the Galaxy A series, and there are a few key differences — the Galaxy C7 Pro isn't water-resistant, and there's no Samsung Pay. The upside is that the C7 Pro is available for ₹25,990 , or ₹7,500 less than the Galaxy A7 2017. Does the C7 Pro have what it takes to hold its own in a segment that's dominated by the OnePlus 3 and 3T ?. I (Harish Jonnalagadda) am writing this review after using the Galaxy C7 Pro for two weeks in Hyderabad, India, on Airtel's 4G network. The phone came with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box and picked up the May 1, 2017 security update midway through the review.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Hardware. Samsung has been offering gorgeous metal-and-glass designs with the Galaxy S series for a few generations now, with the Galaxy S8+ showcasing the best that the manufacturer has to offer. The Galaxy A series offers a similar design ethos with a glass back, but with the Galaxy C series, the company went with an all-metallic chassis that looks great.. The front of the phone is dominated by a large 5.7-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display. It's not a QHD panel like the Galaxy S8, but it makes up for it with vibrant colors and excellent viewing angles. Having used the C7 Pro after the Galaxy S8, I didn't notice any major issues with the panel.. The earpiece sits above the display and is flanked by the front camera and the notification LED. There's a Samsung logo underneath the earpiece for good measure, and you get a physical home button with an embedded fingerprint sensor that lets you store three prints. As always, the multitasking key is to the left of the home button, with the back button located to the right.. The power button is located on the right, and the SIM card tray is located right underneath. The C7 Pro has a hybrid SIM card slot, which means you can use a single SIM card along with a microSD card, or two SIM cards. The volume buttons are to the left of the device, and they offer decent travel. The phone features a USB-C port at the bottom, flanked by a 3.5mm jack and a microphone to the left and a speaker to the right. There's a secondary microphone located at the top of the phone.. The Galaxy C7 Pro is built like a tank.. Round the back, the C7 Pro has antenna lines that run across the top and bottom of the device. The camera sits in the middle and protrudes slightly from the surface of the phone. While the C7 Pro may lack the design aesthetic of the Galaxy S8, it is built like a tank. It certainly feels much more durable than Samsung's current flagship, and the build quality is top-notch, as one would expect in this segment.. The phone is available in two color options — gold and navy blue, and the blue variant looks better thanks to the all-black front plate. The gold version has matching accents for the earpiece and the fingerprint sensor at the front, giving the phone an added visual flair.. The highlight of the C7 Pro is its svelte profile, with the phone coming in at a thickness of 7mm. The sleek chassis makes it comfortable to hold the phone, but its sheer size makes it difficult for one-handed use.. The Galaxy C7 Pro is powered by a Snapdragon 626 — the same chipset as the Moto Z2 Play. There's 4GB of RAM and 64GB storage, and Samsung's memory management is still way too aggressive, closing down apps in the background with wild abandon.. The Snapdragon 626 is more than adequate for everyday use, and while you'll notice the odd stutter in visually intensive games, there are no issues with day-to-day performance when using the device.. Continuing in the same vein, the 3,300mAh battery on the C7 Pro easily lasts a day on a full charge.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Software. If you've used a Samsung phone in the last two years, the UI on offer with the C7 Pro will feel right at home regarding the sheer number of features available. The interface itself has picked up a fresh coat of paint, and it looks much more modern. The phone also offers an always-on display mode that shows the time, date, and unread notification icons.. The leftmost home screen is taken up by Flipboard, but it can be disabled if you're not a fan of the Briefing feature. There's a standard app drawer, and Samsung continues to offer horizontal scrolling for the launcher. You'll be able to sort apps alphabetically or in your own order. There's also a blue light filter, which is useful when viewing the screen at night, and you also get a theming engine that allows you to customize the look of the UI.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Camera. The main drawback with the Galaxy C7 Pro is that it's still running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. In mid-2017, there really isn't an excuse to not offer Nougat out of the box, particularly in this segment. Samsung has done a great job of rolling out the Nougat update to its high-end devices in the country — India is usually one of the first markets to pick up the update for the Galaxy S series — but the company continues to ignore its mid-range offerings.. In mid-June, there's no mention of when the Nougat update will be available for the device. That said, Samsung offers a ton of features out of the box, including a multi-window mode, one-handed mode, ability to lock apps with your fingerprint with S Folder, S Health, power-saving features, and much more. And unlike the Galaxy S8, you can quickly launch the camera by double pressing the home button.. The Galaxy C7 Pro has a 16-megapixel camera at the back that features an f/1.9 lens and PDAF along with a dual-tone LED flash. Samsung offers multiple shooting modes, including a food mode that makes objects in the foreground stand out. There's also a panorama mode, a night mode, HDR, and a manual mode that lets you adjust the ISO, white balance, and exposure settings.. Images taken with the C7 Pro tend to look good for the most part — photos in daylight conditions offer a lot of detail and accurate colors. The camera struggles in low-light conditions, taking too long to dial in on a subject. The front 16MP camera is decent as long as you're sharing images on social media.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Bottom line. Should you buy it? Your call. The Galaxy C7 Pro has a lot of strong points — the build quality is great, the Full HD AMOLED display is excellent, the overall performance is adequate, and the battery life is amazing. The lack of Nougat is a major downside, and it doesn't look like an update is forthcoming for the device any time soon.. There's no Samsung Pay as well, a noticeable omission considering it is available on the Galaxy A5 and A7. The C7 Pro is tailored for multimedia, and in that role the phone excels. The large screen is great for viewing content, and the battery life ensures that the phone lasts a full day.. It would've made a lot of sense for Samsung to release the Galaxy C7 Pro offline. After all, the manufacturer can leverage its distribution network to boost sales of the device at offline stores, making it a viable contender to what OPPO and Vivo have to offer in this segment.. The C7 Pro is up for sale on Amazon India, where it is going up against the likes of the OnePlus 3T. The phone doesn't offer nearly as much value as the OnePlus 3T, but Samsung is targeting the likes of the Moto Z2 Play with the C7 Pro. Samsung's offering wins out in that context, offering much better display and class-leading battery life.. Harish Jonnalagadda is the Regional Editor at Android Central. A reformed hardware modder, he now spends his time writing about India's burgeoning handset market. Previously, he used to ponder the meaning of life at IBM. Contact him on Twitter at @chunkynerd .. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 34 35 ». Avro Deep, 20 Feb 2018 In the next six months we will get the oreo update How to connect otg in this c7 pro???. ajay, 18 Feb 2018 plz give oreo update In the next six months we will get the oreo update. Vegins, 19 Feb 2018 Phone is good. they did a big mistake in camera.. more absolutely, except for the cameras everything works fine. Anonymous, 20 Feb 2018 i am also filling many many issue on c7 pro | after updated it has stooped working and no res... more Samsung is more interested in updating the A series than the C series although the c series is expensive. so unfortunately any bugs that are there in software wont be resolved with quick updates. Chiraghhussain, 14 Jan 2018 My cell is not updated it shows new version 7.0 of 425 mb after downloading it stop installin... more i am also filling many many issue on c7 pro | after updated it has stooped working and no response by service center. i filling like a fool by Samsung. every software has "unfortunately stopped" and phone is not working. charging issue also and phone is hanging every week. i had gone 10 time in service center but i have no solution yet. i made a foooool by Samsung .. Arunkumar, 14 Feb 2018 I have buy new c7 pro since 2 day ago. But my camera is very bad photo is blured how to fix it Phone is good. they did a big mistake in camera.. better don't buy buy this model. i m having the problem that when i open my cam some lines are coming. and sometime during touching the screen a dot is coming whereever i touch. plz give oreo update on samsung galaxy c7 pro. Arunkumar, 14 Feb 2018 I have buy new c7 pro since 2 day ago. But my camera is very bad photo is blured how to fix it I have same problem in between camera there lots of lines are came and camera don't focus perfectly. I have buy new c7 pro since 2 day ago. But my camera is very bad photo is blured how to fix it. JJK, 06 Feb 2018 One word for C7 Pro battery is "wow"..... Lasts more than 1.5 day for me Are youing internet. Jay, 13 Feb 2018 Format is different compare to reset. Reset ur entire device, which means erase ur entire device. I had done factory reset only. Is it different from what you are saying?. Sujeet, 09 Feb 2018 Yes mine too audio video sync problem. Dont know how itll be fixed. Also i am facing hanging ... more Format is different compare to reset. Reset ur entire device, which means erase ur entire device.. Sujeet, 09 Feb 2018 Yes mine too audio video sync problem. Dont know how itll be fixed. Also i am facing hanging ... Take backup and reset your entire device, which will solve d problem. I thought to go with this. Users are not reset their device. i want to buy c7 pro. this divice c7 pro is made by vietnam samsung. My c7 pro after nougat update it have charging problem,shut down mobile charging is well .when not shut down mobile is not charging.always my device text me moisture has been detected in your charger /usb port.please help me ........ STEPHANIE, 10 Feb 2018 should i buy c7 pro or j7pro? need ur opinion. thanks so much C7 pro stronger for gaming.. STEPHANIE, 10 Feb 2018 should i buy c7 pro or j7pro? need ur opinion. thanks so much I Recommend C7 Pro... It's having an advanced processor, features, design, etc.... should i buy c7 pro or j7pro? need ur opinion. Pages: 1 2 3 … 34 35 ». Total of 694 user reviews and opinions for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy C7 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 (2017). Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Apr 7, 2017. View all photos (8). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.28 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro carries a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED display with a 1080 x 1920 resolution. The Snapdragon 626 chipset is under the hood, carrying an octa-core 2.2GHz CPU and the Adreno 506 GPU. 4GB of RAM is inside along with 64GB of native storage. A 256GB capacity microSD slot is available for those seeking additional storage. Both the back and front of the phone weigh in with a 16MP camera featuring an aperture of f/1.9. A fingerprint scanner is embedded in the front-facing home button, and keeping the lights on is a 3300mAh battery. Dimensions: 6.16 x 3.04 x 0.28 inches (156.5 x 77.2 x 7 mm). Weight: 6.07 oz (172 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Phase detection), CMOS image sensor. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time (3G): 19.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: ANT+, VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 13 Jan 2017. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro unveiled on Samsung's Chinese website; pre-orders to start January 16th?. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Samsung is one of the most popular smartphone & consumer electronic brands in world. While it utilises multiple operating systems, this South Korean firm is known mainly for its Android-powered Galaxy series.. With service 2800+ service centres all over India, Samsung also has a 24x7 phone support and doorstep pickup-drop facility in some cities.. Overview Prices Expert review User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro details Less vibrant display Lack front flash Read more. Powerful hardware Ample storage capacity Large display Fingerprint Sensor Awesome selfie camera. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has everything to be a midrange flagship by a trustworthy brand. Its full scaled hardware and elegant metal outfit enlist this smartphone among the top smartphone contenders. It is perfect for an avid photographer as well as a selfie fanatic. Connectivity wise it does not seem to lack behind either. The only issue is the lower pixel density, but considering its budget it can be overlooked.. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro comes with a large 5.7-inch(14.48 cm) super AMOLED FHD display that offers a pixel density of 386ppi. The smartphone runs on the Android v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) OS out of the box. The fingerprint sensor embedded with the home button allows user to unlock the phone by pressing gently on the front button.. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is powered by an octa-core, Snapdragon 626 processor, clocked at 2.2GHz coupled with 4GB of RAM that allows this phone to handle extreme situations too. Powerful hardware and Adreno 506 graphics maintains its healthy performance while playing heavy games. For photography, it has a 16MP rear camera with dual LED flash and another 16MP front shooter to click exemplary selfies.. For storage it comes with 64GB internal storage and it can be further expanded to 256GB via microSD card.. The smartphone is backed by a massive 3,300mAh li-ion battery enabled with quick charge technology that can last for up to more than 8 hours of talktime. features Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth v4.2, EDGE, GPRS, GPS, NFC and. Sensors like Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope etc makes this phone more smart and user friendly.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro PRICE IN INDIA. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv and on leading credit cards. Best exchange value for your existing device. Low cost EMI, Free delivery, COD. Free 1 Year accidental Damage Cover and upto 40% assured buyback from Cashify. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv and on leading credit cards.. Best exchange value for your existing device.. Low cost EMI, Free delivery, COD.. Free 1 Year accidental Damage Cover and upto 40% assured buyback from Cashify.. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Card. No cost EMI on Credit Cards Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Flat 1,700 Off on Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Card. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Card.. No cost EMI on Credit Cards Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. Flat 1,700 Off on Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro.. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv and on leading credit cards. Best exchange value for your existing device. Low cost EMI, Free delivery, COD. Free 1 Year accidental Damage Cover and upto 40% assured buyback from Cashify. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands VoLTE 64 GB + 256 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... What makes Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro unique?. The most popular 1 phone priced around Rs. 24,000 The fastest Samsung phone The best 2 NFC phone with Octa-Core Processor. of views on 91mobiles 2 based on 91score. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 Samsung Mobiles Below 25000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro User Reviews. BASED ON 1,782 RATING(S). 30 Aug 2017 By deepak chhatri On flipkart.com. or sound is good but not upto the mark. and battery 3300mah is not sufficient for this phone i think co will provide more battery like 4000mah.....5000mah.and you can use only one sim1 another sim2 slot for memory card either use. you can not use both the memory card or sim 2. 02 Sep 2017 By AAKEEL AHMAD On flipkart.com. Best one so for ....go for it ...its more than worth...excellent display ...functions normally. Moto Z2 Play vs Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro: the better mid-ranger?. Jun 08 2017 By Abhiman Biswas. The Moto Z2 Play takes on Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro; how does it fare?. Grab the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro for Rs 25,990 during Amazon's Samsung Carnival Sale. Jun 05 2017 By Akshay Kumar. The Galaxy C7 Pro is a mid-ranger with a 5.7-inch full HD display, a metal unibody design and 4GB of RAM. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro with 5.7-inch display and 16MP selfie camera launched for Rs 27,990. Apr 07 2017 By Akshay Kumar. The Galaxy C7 Pro features 64GB of storage, 4GB RAM and a Snapdragon 626 SoC. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Specifications. 19 - 29 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. 5.7 inches (14.48 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Qualcomm Snapdragon 626 MSM8953 Pro Processor. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8953 Pro Snapdragon 626. Quad core, 2.7 GHz, Krait, Chipset: Qualcomm APQ8084 Snapdragon 805. Quad core, 2.4 GHz, Cortex A73 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN 960. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Up to 256 GB User Available Storage. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Up to 19 Hours(3G) Quick Charging. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G VoLTE. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 300 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 6). HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 300 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 6). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Competitors for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Show only Android Samsung Phablet Dual SIM Camera 8 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 6 inches vs 5.7 inches. More RAM: 6 GB vs 4 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 3300 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 16 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 6101 people viewed together 81470 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 6.9 mm vs 7 mm. Quad core 1.95 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. Lower pixel density: 367 ppi vs 386 ppi. More weight: 189 grams vs 172 grams. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 3600 mAH vs 3300 mAH. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 386 ppi. Smaller screen : 5.5 inches vs 5.7 inches. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 2512 people viewed together 22518 people compared together. Octa core 1.6 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. Lesser RAM: 3 GB vs 4 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 16 MP. Lower secondary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 16 MP. More thickness: 8 mm vs 7 mm. More weight: 181 grams vs 172 grams. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 6 GB vs 4 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3400 mAH vs 3300 mAH. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 386 ppi. OS: Android Primary camera: 16 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 1167 people viewed together 30581 people compared together. Lesser weight: 158 grams vs 172 grams. Smaller screen : 5.5 inches vs 5.7 inches. Dual core 2.35 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. More thickness: 7.3 mm vs 7 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 6 inches vs 5.7 inches. Higher battery capacity: 5000 mAH vs 3300 mAH. Quad core 1.8 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. OS: Android RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 16 MP SIM card slots: 2 NFC: Yes 7193 people viewed together 41462 people compared together. Lower pixel density: 367 ppi vs 386 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 16 MP. More thickness: 7.9 mm vs 7 mm. More weight: 210 grams vs 172 grams. I don't want to see this. Quad core 2.3 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. Lower primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 16 MP. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.7 inches RAM: 4 GB Battery capacity: 3300 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 386 ppi 1325 people viewed together 12264 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 16 MP. More thickness: 8.1 mm vs 7 mm. More weight: 179 grams vs 172 grams. I don't want to see this. Higher pixel density: 424 ppi vs 386 ppi. Lesser weight: 159 grams vs 172 grams. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.7 inches. OS: Android Primary camera: 16 MP SIM card slots: 2 NFC: Yes 962 people viewed together 12429 people compared together. Octa core 1.9 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. Lesser RAM: 3 GB vs 4 GB. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3300 mAH. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. More thickness: 7.9 mm vs 7 mm. View all FAQs about Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. DoesSamsung Galaxy C7 Pro have an extra memory card slot?. Answered by Simran Bose | 16 days ago. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has a hybrid sim solution so it does not offer a dedicated memory card slot.. For all the other details of the device, you can use this link. 1 more answer(s) | Spam?. Which is a better phone between Moto Z2 Play, Galaxy C7 Pro and Moto X4?. Answered by Kunal Muthu | 1 months ago. In my suggestion you should go for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro,it has best specs and overall best performance .. Moto Z2 Play 32GB vs Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Moto X4. 1 more answer(s) | Spam?. Which is a better phone between Oppo F5 and Galaxy C7 Pro?. Answered by Lakshman Lata | 1 months ago. In my suggestion you should go for. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro,it has powerful hardware and elegant metal outfit ,It has best feature that is Quick Charging Oppo F5 vs Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Does Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro have OIS in its camera?. Answered by Shaan Bose | 1 months ago. No, Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro does not Offer optical image stabilization feature. But the overall camera performance is really good.. To check other details use this link. Which is a better phone between iPhone 6 64gb and Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro?. Answered by Sarah Nair | 1 months ago. Samsung Galaxy C7 pro is a much better option right now as it comes with a better battery backup, a better screen size and a much better and faster performance and overall specs. you can check all the details in the link. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs iPhone 6 64 GB. People who viewed Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro - Phone Wallets, Wristlets & Clutches. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Blue. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Brown. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Fitness Armband, Black. Protects your from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 5.38(H) x 2.75(W) x 0.31(D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Black. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Oversized Premium Vertical Finished Leather Case, Black. Oversized Hand-Crafted Vertical Leather Carrying Case. Designed for the Device equipped with a heavy-duty or snap-on protective cover. Size: 5.19(H) x 2.99(W) x 0.86(D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Navy. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Genuine Leather Stitched Pieces Crossbody, Black. Removable & Adjustable crossbody strap for comfort and convenience. Dimensions: 4.1 (H) x 7.6 (W) x 0.8 (D) in. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Blue. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -LUXMO Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Smart Phone Case with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 3.15 (H) x 6.1 (W) x 0.52 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Rose Red. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Purple. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Vegan Leather Laser-Cut Leaf Clutch wallet, Brown. Closure features metal golden leaf detail. Multiple interior card slots and compartments. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Gray. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Light Blue. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Light Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Brown. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Red. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Armband Case, Purple. Protects your {brand-model} from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 4.6 (H) x 2.4 (W) x 0.5 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Holiday Special Striped Horizontal LeatherCase with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 2.3 (H) x 4.7 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Black. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Genuine Leather Shoulder / Crossbody Handbag, Brown. Small but spacious purse for going out. Firm magnetic snap flap closure keeps contents safe. Three interior pockets hold your phone and other accessories. Zippered pocket accommodates change and other small items. Crossbody strap can adjust to your convenience for various ways to wear. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Brown. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Brown. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Purple. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Forest Green. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet, Purple. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. 
The next video is starting stop. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Unboxing and First Look. ►► Subscribe Now for Daily Tech Videos - http://goo.gl/wj6RxI ►Help support the channel when shopping on Amazon: ★US: http://amzn.to/2jjxfjx ►►Join me on social media! ★TWITTER: http://twitter.com/xeetechcare ★INSTAGRAM: http://instagram.com/xeetechcare ★FACEBOOK: http://Facebook.com/xeetechcare ★GOOGLE+: http://plus.google.com/+xeetechcare. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. iPhone 6 vs Samsung C7 Pro Speed Test Comparison | Which is Fast!. Samsung J7 Pro vs Samsung C7 Pro Speed Test | Which is Faster. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Galaxy A7 (2017) - Speed Test! (4K). Samsung Galaxy C8 - Unboxing & First Look. SAMSUNG GALAXY C7 PRO - TOP 10 HIDDEN FEATURES!!!. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Unboxing & Quick Review I Hindi. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro vs Galaxy C7 Pro Quick Comparison. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Review - Worth Your Money Good & The Bad. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro - Unboxing & Hands On!. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Full Review. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus vs Xiaomi MI MIX - Speed Test! (4K). Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). HTC U ULTRA - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro (2017) - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Snapdragon 626) Unboxing & Overview. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Vs Redmi Note 4 Vs Moto G5 Plus SpeedTest Comparison I Hindi. Samsung Galaxy C5 - Unboxing & Hands On!. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro hands on, Camera, Features, India Price. OnePlus 6 Official Teaser With Specifications, Features Launching Start of 2018. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. 1 year Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan. OneAssist Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan for Mobile & Tablets from Rs 18001 to Rs 24000. from OneAssist Consumer Solutions Pvt Ltd. One Year Protection Plan for Accidental Damage, Drops and Spills. Protection against Screen protection, physical damage, liquid damage like tea, coffee and any oil spills. Protection plan is backed by Insurance and is Valid for One Year. Free Doorstep Device Pickup and drop Service. Purchase the Protection Plan within 15 days of new Device Purchase. Protection plan transferrable from Old device to New Device. Maximum 2 claims during tenure of membership. Cashless Repair in Authorized Service Center only. Plan is applicable for Andriod & Windows device only. 24X7 customer service Available, block your SIM Card and get protected against misuse of Rs3000. Claims accepted only after successful activation of plan. OnsiteGo 1 Year Extended warranty for Mobiles (Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. The 1 Year OnsiteGo Extended Warranty plan covers all mechanical and electronic defects that are covered under the standard manufacturer's warranty. The plan is applicable for all mobiles between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. You can purchase the plan at the time of buying the device or within 6 months from the purchase date. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. You can activate the plan by following some simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the mobile brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy Blue, 64GB). No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold by Teknolgic (4.1 out of 5 | 298 ratings) and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfilled by Amazon indicates that this item is stored, packed and dispatched from Amazon fulfilment centres. Amazon directly handles delivery, customer service and returns. Fulfilled by Amazon items can be identified with an badge. Orders containing items Fulfilled by Amazon worth Rs.599 or more are eligible for FREE delivery. FBA items may also be eligible for faster delivery (Same-Day, One-Day and Two-Day).. If you're a seller, you can improve your sales by using Fulfilment by Amazon. This item can't be returned to Amazon, if the item is "No longer needed". In case of product issues, you may qualify for a replacement.. 16MP primary camera and 16MP front facing camera with f/1.9 aperture lens. 14.45 centimeters (5.7-inch) Full HD super AMOLED display with 1920 x 1080 resolution and 386 ppi and 16M colors. Android v6.0 Marshmallow OS with 2.2GHz Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 626 octa core processor, Adreno 506 GPU, 4GB RAM, 64GB internal memory expandable up to 256GB and dual SIM dual-standby (4G+4G) with hybrid SIM. 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Customer support and product quantity alert The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Need more information about the product? Chat with the Samsung brand representative directly. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. Receive 1 Noosy Sim Adaptor free when you purchase 1 or more Qualifying items offered by Teknolgic. Here's how (terms and conditions apply). These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy Blue, 64GB). Sold by Teknolgic and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. This item Delivered FREE in India with Super Saver Delivery. SmartLike Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro SmartLike perfect Fitting Premium Quality Window Leather Flip Cover…. Ships from and sold by SmartLike.. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Golden Sand Original Rugged Armor Shock Proof TPU Case for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Back Cover Mobile Phone 2017, Navy Blue. CELLBELL® Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With FREE Installation Kit. PES 0.1 Mm Nano Technology German Schott Glass Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Golden Sand Flexible Slim Armor Premium Antishock Air Cushion Case for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Back Cover Mobile Phone 2017 Matte Blue. Angel Gadgets Golden Series Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro / samsung c7 pro / c7 pro / samsung c7pro / [2017]. Anti Explosion Premium Full Pro+ Ultra Clear For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Black). In this segment - it is the most powerful phone. A definite 4.5 out of 5 - Twitter star Gabbar Singh. C7 Pro has one of the best screens in the segment. Also, despite 95+ apps, the phone shows no lag or slowdown because of the 4GB RAM. A 4out of 5 for me - Hairsh Jonnalagadda, Android Central. In terms of memory management, this phone is equivalent to any phone with 6GB RAM or more. A solid 4 out of 5 for the phone - Abhinav Pathak, PhoneBunch. Galaxy C7 Pro has 4GB RAM - but it gives you a performance of a phone that has a 6GB RAM - Manas, Gaming Central.. It has good specs, amazing shape and it handles all the heavy applications really well. I think there are plenty of reasons for everyone to fall in love with C7 Pro - Jasmeet, Gaming Central. I love the camera on this phone. In my profession, we need a camera, a phone which has capabilities to shoot in low light situation and I think this phone is the one for it. A total 5 out of 5 for me - Gulzar Sethi, Ace photographer. It has a great processor and it performs very well. A rating of 4 out of 5 - Abhijeet Mishra, SamMobile. There's nothing that does it better - Musician, Dhruv Vishwanath. The new Galaxy C7 Pro is a lean mean machine. The stunningly crafted design with solid curves, the powerful 2.5D Glass with full metal body - all inside the 7mm slim frame.. - 7Mm Slim Design | 2.5D Glass | Full Metal Unibody. The Galaxy C7 Pro is unbelievably nimble. With a 4GB RAM and a super-fast processor, it sets a new standard in multitasking. Switching apps, downloading music, playing games - all gets done in a whiz.. - 4GB RAM | Snapdragon Octa-Core Processor. It's never too dark for a gorgeous shot with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. The 16 MP rear camera with Dual LED Rear flash and f/1.9 lens allows you to capture moments brilliantly in any light and its 16 MP front camera enables you to create selfies that are envied by all.. - Low Light Photography | 16MP (F1.9) Front and 16MP (F1.9) Rear Camera | Dual LED Rear Flash. Now store all the moments in one place. The new Galaxy C7 Pro comes with 64 GB of internal memory to store all that you love. If that’s not enough, expand it to a massive 256 GB.. - 64 GB Internal Memory | Expandable up to 256GB | Hybrid Dual SIM. The Galaxy C7 Pro is thin but it goes a long way. It’s powered by a 3,300 mAh battery. What’s more, you can charge your phone in just 100 minutes*.. - 3,300 mAh Battery | USB Type C Connector. Take your viewing experience to another level with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. With a 14.43cm (5.7 inches) Full HD sAMOLED screen, it makes your world truly amazing with breathtaking detail, incredible colours and deep contrast.. - 14.43cm (5.7 inches) Full HD sAMOLED. The new Galaxy C7 pro comes with Hi-f- music feature to give you an experience that is never heard before.. See what the Experts Have to Say. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 15.7 x 0.7 x 7.7 cm. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies 2G, 3G, 4G LTE, FDD, TDD, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n. Special features Dual SIM, GPS, Music Player, Video Player, FM Radio, Accelerometer, Fingerprint sensor, Gyro sensor, Geo magnetic sensor, Proximity sensor, RGB light sensor, E-mail. Whats in the box Handset, USB Cable, Travel Adapter, Earphones and Warranty Card. #1,594 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 1 January 2017. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory). Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 4GB RAM + 64GB Memory). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). 5 star 51% 4 star 20% 3 star 8% 2 star 5% 1 star 16%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Bought this phone from Amazon,. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Bought this phone from Amazon, the Phone IMEI is not registered with Samsung and they are not ready to provide warranty. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good product to bet on.... Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Folks, I write this review after a period of almost 9 months since I bought this phone. But, I hardly realise that it's been 9 months.. These many months were absolutely hassle-free with my C7 PRO, touchwood.. I had to make a choice between One plus 3T and this.. Considering the service (I owned S4 mini couple of years back, so knew well about their service quality) I went for Samsung.. Hopefully all going well till date.. Only bad thing was, Amazon offered 2K price cut within a month of my purchase.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Fake accesories with Samsung device. Colour: Gold | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. I ordered the device after much thought .. nd the experience is NOT good at all.. the charging cable is not original .. m not able to connect the phone to my laptop .. tried getting an original wire from multiple samsung shops..its nt available anywhere .. aftr 2 months of hunt have no option now! Bad experience! Nevr buying a phone online ever again ... Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Doesn't catch signals. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. I'm finding it very difficult to communicate through.When I'm inserting the same SIMs in another mobile(s), signals are normal and communication wise no issues. I'm very disappointed with the purchase. It's a malfunction at the time manufacturing, realized it only after replacement guarantee period. Don't know what to do other than reaching out to Samsung stores, but fear of losing it completely, in terms of mobile functioning, down to my previous experiences with mobile showrooms including Samsung ones. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A winner, go for it!!!. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. I've been using it for a month now and am very happy with the product. The looks are very premium and it feels like you're using a very high end mobile. The fast charging and the battery are like a topping on the cake. I would recommend it for people looking to buy a mobile in the 25k bracket.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Perfect mid range phone. Colour: Gold | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. camera both front and rear provide clear pictures.. as for performance I have not had any problems with it so far, have been using it for a couple of months.. battery life is good even with maximum usage, fast charging is available and that is a good feature.. overall it's a pretty good phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars GOOD QUALITY PHONE WITH ATTARCTIVE LOOKS.. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Good quality and running smoothly with its 4 gb ram. I have been using phone from last 4 months. No lagging and no issue with phone even big memory games are being played. We can do multi tasking easily. No prob with phone till date.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone, good design. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Nice phone, good design, nice battery back up also but if you go for camera quality it is worst at night. I have Samsung A5 which is capture Good images on 13mp camera even on low light but this phone shucks on low light. If you are going for a good camera mobile then it will be not a best bye for you.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good performance...... One of the worst phone don't buy this mobile. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. it is very good product , but the price is more.good battery back up.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Amazon delivered it within 24 hrs. 5.0 out of 5 stars fantastic phone.. This is best phone i ever used , Soo beautiful and very smart & Very powerful operating system with two day's battery and excellent camera quality. 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. i am not satisfied with this product. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. This is really the best phone in this range Everything is upto the marks Overall it's 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌 None phone can beat it's design in slimmness You can see... 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome phone in this segment. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Yes I buy this phone in offline. overall performance is very good excellent phone.but camera is not good eighter day light or low light .. 4.0 out of 5 stars overall performance is very good excellent phone. See and discover other items: all mobiles , slim phones , camera light , slim smartphone , 6 gb ram mobiles , all mobile phone. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 02.20 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels How Samsung's new Galaxy S9 compares to the Apple iPhone X Nokia CEO sees big 5G rollouts nearly a year ahead of schedule India to highlight 5G readiness, tech leadership at MWC Few phone makers will survive industry's brutal economics: Huawei. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Compare Mobile Phones » Samsung Galaxy C7. vs Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Mobile Phones. performance Octa core Octa core display 5.7" (14.48 cm) 5.7" (14.48 cm) storage 32 GB 64 GB camera 16 MP 16 MP battery 3300 mAh 3300 mAh ram 4 GB 4 GB fingerprint sensor position Front Front other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope fingerprint sensor Yes Yes quick charging Yes Yes operating system Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model Galaxy C7 Galaxy C7 Pro launch date January 10, 2018 (Expected) April 11, 2017 (Official) brand Samsung Samsung sim size SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes Yes loudspeaker Yes Yes fm radio Yes Yes audio jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon Qualcomm Snapdragon 626 MSM8953 Pro processor Octa core, 2 GHz, Cortex A53 Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53 architecture 64 bit 64 bit ram 4 GB 4 GB build material Case: MetalBack: Metal - thickness 6.7 mm 7.0 mm width 77.2 mm 77.2 mm weight 165 grams 172 grams height 156.6 mm 156.5 mm colours Gold, Pink Gold, Navy Blue display type Super AMOLED Super AMOLED screen to body ratio 73.92 % 73.96 % pixel density 386 ppi 386 ppi screen size 5.7 inches (14.48 cm) 5.7 inches (14.48 cm) screen resolution Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch internal memory 32 GB 64 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 128 GB Yes Up to 256 GB settings Exposure compensation, ISO control Exposure compensation, ISO control aperture F1.9 F1.9 camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus image resolution 4616 x 3464 Pixels 4616 x 3464 Pixels autofocus Yes Yes shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) resolution 8 MP Front Camera 16 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation No No flash No No video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps 1920x1080 @ 30 fps user replaceable No No quick charging Yes Quick, v3.0 Yes type Li-Polymer Li-ion capacity 3300 mAh 3300 mAh wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/b/g/n/n 5GHz wifi features Mobile Hotspot Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.2 Yes v4.2 usb connectivity microUSB 2.0 - nfc Yes Yes network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass Yes with A-GPS, Glonass sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 300 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 6)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) sim 2 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Bands: TD-LTE 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 300 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 6) 3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ? GPRS:Available EDGE:Available Price Expected: ₹ 28,990 ₹ 27,990 Rating N/A 4 /5. Summary special features general multimedia performance design display storage camera battery network connectivity. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Gold (16GB) ₹ 10590. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990.000. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990.000. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999.000. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990.000. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999.000. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999.000. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999.000. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999.000. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999.000. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999.000. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999.000. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13470.000. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999.000. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999.000. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 17199.000. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999.000. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999.000. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 10436.000. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13950.000. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 5999.000. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16499.000. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 10499.000. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 14995.000. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 11499.000. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 7999.000. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Redmi Y1 Lite (Gold,16GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Note 4 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 684 results for "samsung galaxy c7 pro phone". See all results for samsung galaxy c7 pro phone .. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Gold, 5.7", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 (Chinese imported Model). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB - Blue Navy - 2017 model - Factory Unlocked - International Version - No Warranty. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. International model phone .Will NOT work with CDMA Carriers Such as .... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 64GB Pink Gold, 5.7", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro C7010 (Chinese imported Model). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Adaptive Fast Charger Type C Cable Kit! [1 Wall Charger + 4 FT Type C USB Cable] Adaptive Fast Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging. AFC Fast Charge device: Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, LG G6 G5, LG V20 .... 2 Pack 9.9ft USB Type C Cable, USB C Cable Nylon Braided Fast Charger Cord (USB 2.0) for Samsung Galaxy Note 8, S8, LG V20 G6, Pixel 2, Nexus 5X/6P, Moto Z2, OnePlus 5 3T, Nintendo Switch. USB Type-C devices such as Samsung Galaxy S8(2017), Samsung Galaxy S8 .... Portable Galaxy C7 Pro Quick Charger 3.0 10400 External PowerBank with USB Type-C and MicroUSB Cables. by Certified Accessory for Samsung. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Quick Charge 3.0 your Galaxy C7 Pro on the go using the FASTEST & Latest Tech!. 4 Pack 3ft 6ft 6ft 10ft USB Type C Cable, USB C Cable Nylon Braided Fast Charger Cord (USB 2.0) for Galaxy Note 8, S8, LG V20 G6, Pixel 2, Nexus 5X/6P, Moto Z2, OnePlus 5 3T, Nintendo Switch. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. USB Type-C devices such as Samsung Galaxy S8(2017), Samsung Galaxy S8 .... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Adaptive Fast Charger Type C Cable Kit! [1 DUAL Car + 1 Home Charger + 2x Type C USB Cable] AFC uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Adaptive Fast Charger Type C Cable Kit! [1 Car Charger + 4 FT Type C USB Cable] Adaptive Fast Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Adaptive Fast Charger Type C Cable Kit! [1 Car Charger + 2x Type C USB Cable] Adaptive Fast Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging. For Case Cover Wallet Card Holder Shockproof with Stand Full Body Case Solid Color Hard PU Leather ( Color : Black , Compatible Models : Galaxy C9 Pro ). by Covers For Samsung ,. the case can fit your phone well and make a big difference on .... Authentic Galaxy C7 Pro Dual MicroUSB and Type-C Adaptive Charging and Transfer Cable. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Transfer Data for your Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro USB Type-C devices with .... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro SmartPhone QUICK CHARGE 3.0 18W Wall Charging Kit with (2)5Ft Cables. Both a USB Type-C & MicroUSB Cable! [Qualcomm and UL Certified / 110-240v / 82 Voltages). by Certified Accessory for Samsung. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. QUICK CHARGE 3.0 your Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro SmartPhone 27% faster & 38 .... Samsung Galaxy Note FE Adaptive Fast Charger Type C USB Cable Kit! [1 Wall Charger + 4 ft Type-C USB Cable] AFC uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging - WHITE. Samsung : Galaxy A5 (2017) - Galaxy C7 Pro - Galaxy C9 .... Type C 3.0 USB Cable 1m(3.3ft),Fast Charge Phone Cord Durable Quick Charge Line for Samsung Galaxy S8,S8 Plus,Nexus 6P/5X,LG G6/G5/V20,Moto Z,One Plus 5,Google Pixel and Other USB C Device-Black. devices like Galaxy S8/S8+,LG G6/ ... charge your phone and Transfer .... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro 2017 Adaptive Fast Charger Type C USB Cable Kit! [1 Wall Charger + 4 ft Type-C USB Cable] AFC uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging - WHITE. FAST CHARGER - With this Samsung EP-TA20JWE Adaptive Fast .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Be the first to know about Android Oreo and Galaxy S9! Follow us on Twitter and Facebook !. Home News Firmware Devices Unlock Updates APKs Wallpapers Forum. Galaxy Note 8 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ Android 8.0 Oreo update Galaxy S9 Galaxy S9+ Galaxy A8. News Firmware Devices Unlock Updates APKs Wallpapers Forum. Galaxy Note 8 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ Android 8.0 Oreo update Galaxy S9 Galaxy S9+ Galaxy A8. [Update: Galaxy A series, too] Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro gets May security patch in India. It's raining security patches all around. Samsung has just started pushing the latest security patch for the Galaxy C7 Pro in India, bringin…. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: A capable mid-range phone with average cameras. The Galaxy C7 Pro, like the Galaxy C9 Pro, is hard to get hold of unless you live in China or India, as Samsung isn't making its Galaxy C se…. Samsung’s Exynos-powered mid-range phones don’t seem to be as optimized as those with Snapdragon chips. Over the last few weeks, I've used two of Samsung's mid-range phones as my primary device. The Galaxy A7 (2017) came first, followed by the…. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro gets April security patch in India. Just two days after the device went on sale in the country, the Galaxy C7 Pro. is getting its first software update in India. Galaxy C7 Pro now available for purchase in India. Samsung quietly announced the Galaxy C7 Pro for India last week. This handset was first launched in China more than three months ago and the…. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro announced for the Indian market. After quietly launching the Galaxy C7 Pro in China three months ago, it was being rumored that Samsung. would launch the smartphone in market…. Galaxy C7 Pro may be launched outside China soon. We reported exclusively six months ago that Samsung had the Galaxy C7 Pro in the pipeline. The company quietly launched this handset in Chin…. Galaxy C5 Pro is finally live on Samsung China’s website. We first reported six months ago that Samsung was developing the Galaxy C5 Pro for China. Recent reports have suggested that it might be rel…. Samsung quietly announces the Galaxy C7 Pro in China. Samsung has quietly taken the wraps off. the long-rumored Galaxy C7 Pro in China.. The handset, which will be available in three colors -- Arc…. Galaxy C5 Pro, C7 Pro, and C9 Pro series “is coming,” leak reveals. The Galaxy C5 Pro, C7 Pro, and C9 Pro are smartphones we've been tracking for some time. Just a few days ago, the Galaxy C5 Pro leaked in im…. Galaxy C7 Pro breaks cover in a series of leaked images. Back in September, we exclusively revealed that Samsung is working on two new handsets as part of its Galaxy C series, which will eventually…. Galaxy C7 Pro one step closer to release as it gains FCC certification. We reported exclusively several months ago that Samsung has started working on the Galaxy C7 Pro, a new premium mid-range Android smartphone…. Benchmark scores for the Galaxy S9’s Exynos variant are impressive. Samsung needed consumer feedback to realize Galaxy S8 fingerprint placement was a mess. Official Galaxy S9 battery life stats aren’t much different from the Galaxy S8. Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ support video recording in HEVC format. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones Samsung Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Review. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Review. Published Date | Last Updated. Our Verdict Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro: Detailed Review. Where to buy Buy Now Buy Now. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India. 24020/- Buy Now. 26600/- Buy Now Set Price Drop Alert. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is not an less premium looking alternative to the Samsung Galaxy A7. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro may not have the premium glass finish as it's A-series cousin, the Samsung Galaxy A7, but still offers a comparable battery life, performance and camera. That being said enthusiasts may find the performance lacking, especially when compared to the OnePlus 3T.. PROS Well-built Good display Dependable battery life Flagship-class user experience. CONS Noticeable app load times Camera tends to falter at times. Please enter your email to be informed whenever the price of this product reaches your Target Price. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is currently available at the best price of: ₹24,020. Samsung has been polishing out the rough edges from its products for a while now. The company has streamlines its phone lineups, with the Galaxy S, A, C, J, Z and On series devices. Of course, the popular Galaxy Note lineup is also going to make a comeback this year. So, while Samsung still makes a lot of phones, it seems to have pinpointed the ideas that consumers are buying.. Samsung is hitting different market segments and its devices are well defined now. The S series is its flagship class, while the A series represents a premium range, just below flagship. The On, J and Z series devices are budget centric, whereas the Galaxy C series (which is what we’re concerned with today) is for users who like big screens. We reviewed the Galaxy S8 ( Review ) and S8+ recently and two Galaxy A series phones as well. But unlike any of those devices, the Galaxy C7 Pro is aimed at the budget conscious buyer who still wants a big screen. With a 5.7 inch display, it’s a fairly smaller device, but it’s smaller than the Galaxy C9 Pro.. Build and Design: Stylish and sturdy. In defining its phone lineups better, Samsung is also using the same build and design (across devices in each range). Subsequently, there is no difference in design or build quality between the C7 and C9 Pro, barring their size. Like C9 Pro, the C7 Pro is also well built with a solid metal exterior (aluminium) and a good looking 2.5D curved glass display at the front. The rear camera is aligned at the centre and does not sit flush with the body, which some may not like. Barring that small niggle, I do like the design.. Even with the 5.7-inch display, the phone is almost ergonomic, thanks to the thinner bezels, along with the slim, curved body of the phone. The design has some resemblance to the similarly priced Oppo F3 Plus .. The phone is quite well built. In fact, I can personally vouch for that, as I accidently dropped the phone from about four feet, while reviewing it. Fortunately, it landed on the metal edge and survived the fall with just a minor scuff. I don’t suggest you try the same, but it’s suggestive nevertheless. Being a Samsung phone, the AMOLED panel is not surprising here. The resolution is still 1080p, laid across 5.7-inches, so it isn’t crazy sharp, but sharp enough. Also, being an AMOLED, the contrast ratios are superb and the display is well calibrated out-of-the-box to offer punchy colours in almost all lighting conditions. Although, there are some settings to tweak it further, but the default setting does the job well. You also get the always-on display here and I quite like it as I keep the phone on the nightstand, making it a nice clock as well.. As for the UI, there is nothing new here and it looks and works exactly the same way we saw on the Samsung Galaxy A5 ( Review ) or Galaxy C9 Pro ( Review ). It is laid over Android 6.0.1 which I feel is way inexcusable on a phone today. It’s time phones start coming with Nougat. Still, Samsung strikes a nice balance between a clean interface and added functionality, making it fairly easy to navigate. There are some granular settings for security and other features, but you may have to dig deeper for those. I should also add that unlike the Galaxy A5, there are no issues with the display’s touch response here and the fingerprint scanner is quite fast. Although, it does not work every time, especially if you change the orientation of your finger. Powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 SoC and 4GB of RAM, the phone is quite smooth in day-to-day operations and gets away with minor sluggishness at times. I didn't find any issues with the phone while streaming content, calling or general ease of use. It does start to lag if you are a running a game or too many (25+) apps in the background. While 4GB RAM is enough to hold all your open apps, there is observable sluggishness when switching between them. All these observations are comparative and based on similar usage with a OnePlus 3. However, if you are coming from a budget device, you may not notice the sluggishness. That being said, Samsung has optimised the processor well and it has no issues keeping up with heavy tasks like gaming. You won’t get the best possible graphics and may encounter occasional frame drops in heavier games. We tried Injustice 2 and Vain Glory on the device and while both work well, game load times were higher than devices like the OnePlus 3, but the overall gaming experience was playable.. Battery life: Good enough for a day. The 3300mAh battery on the phone has ample juice to last even a heavy user through the day. It easily lasts for 12 hours on a single charge with some heavy usage, including 30 minutes of gaming and two hours of video streaming. Once, I even used the device as a 4G hotspot for more than 4 hours at a stretch and the phone was still left with over 40% charge. Moreover, the battery life of the device can be customised on the settings menu. Samsung has presets to optimise the battery to get the most out of it. The phone charges completely in one and a half hours with the supplied charger.. Like the Samsung Galaxy A5, the C7 Pro also has 16MP cameras on the front and back and both have f/1.9 aperture. The rear camera produces decent images with good details and colours, although upping the vibrancy and contrast slightly. Overall sharpness is quite good, as is the dynamic range. The camera manages to capture finer details in all lighting conditions. However, when shooting images in strong light sources, it tends to brighten the overall frame to provide better lighting to darker spots. This in turn leaves large part of the highlights clipped and some details bleached.. That being said, the phone handles noise quite well and this noise-reduction algorithm works overtime in low light images. This tends to produce softer images, but at the end of it you will be getting a cleaner image. You do loose some sharpness, but that is the only compromise here.. The 16MP front facing camera is good as well and can compete against most selfie-centric smartphones. Images have decent details and close to source skin tones. In addition, you get beautify modes and customisable settings.. The camera app itself is simple to use and most of the settings, modes and functions can be reached by swiping left or right. Going into the camera settings will give you control over the camera grid, quick launch toggles, and you can even turn on the floating camera button.. Simply put, the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is a less expensive alternative to the Galaxy A7. The phone may not have the premium glass finish, but the metal clad phone looks good and provides no reason to complain. The performance, battery life and display are noteworthy, but it’s not a particularly powerful phone. Even with its small flaws, the camera is also quite good.. Enthusiasts may complain about performance, but if you are not into gaming and are looking for a large screen phone with good user experience, the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is among our recommendations.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy.... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy.... OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB.... Leaked firmware files reveal probable Samsung devices set to receive Android Oreo update. Samsung has yet to roll out the Android Oreo update for its smartphones, except for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus who have received the beta Oreo update..... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro now available on Amazon India at Rs 27,990. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro, the second smartphone in company&#39;s Galaxy C series is now available for purchase from Amazon India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro launched exclusively on Amazon India at Rs 27,990. Samsung has announced the Galaxy C7 Pro, its second smartphone in the Galaxy C lineup. It is priced at Rs 27,990, and will be Amazon exclusive. Buy Now In Samsung Mobile Phones Reviews Popular Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus 2018 Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Latest Samsung Galaxy On Max Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy A5 2018 Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro All Samsung Mobile Phones Popular Mobile Phones Reviews Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Samsung Galaxy A8+ Honor 9 Lite Honor View 10 Comio C2 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Y1 InFocus Vision 3 10.or D Lenovo K8 Plus Honor 7X Huawei Honor 9i LG V30+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Apple iPhone X Review Samsung Galaxy On Max Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Moto X4 Moto G5S Plus Micromax Canvas Infinity Coolpad Play 6 Xiaomi Mi Max 2. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy.... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy.... Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy.... Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy.... Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32.... 24020 /- Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Navy... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Samsung / Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 8.3 Expert Score 4.1 2412 Ratings 48 Questions & Answers. Samsung Galaxy C7 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The smartphone has a 5.7-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display. Other variant of this mobile is Samsung Galaxy C7. It has a 16MP rear camer a with a dual-tone LED flash and a 16MP front-facing camera. The device is powered by a 2.2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 626 processor and 4GB RAM. It has 64GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, NFC and a microUSB Type-C port. The device is powered by a non-removable Li-Ion 3,300 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 23,570. Key Specifications Snapdragon 626 processor 4GB RAM 64GB internal storage 3300 mAh battery 16 M.Pixels rear & 16 M.Pixels selfie 5.7 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is at Amazon, which is 5% less than the cost of Galaxy C7 Pro at Croma (Rs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff Bright and vibrant display Decent battery life Impressive sound quality via stereo speakers Flawless performance. Bad Stuff Poor low light photos Average selfie camera. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is a tad upgraded variant of the Galaxy C7. While most of the hardware remain unaltered, the only major upgrade is perhaps the front camera. Boasting a metal unibody design, the device is available in multiple colours including gold, pink and dark blue. The home button at the front doubles up as a fingerprint reader which can store up to 5 fingerprints that provide added security.. The Galaxy C7 Pro runs the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system out of the box and flaunts a 5.7-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display which is bright and reproduces vivid colours even under tough conditions. Users can expect a unique visual experience while playing games or watching videos.. The device is equipped with two 16-megapixel sensors; one at the back and one at the front for capturing images and recording videos. The camera at the back is supported with a dual-tone LED flash to handle low-light conditions. While using the 16-megapixel front-facing shooter, you can expect great selfies and video calls. Under the hood, lies a 2.2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 626 chipset which is paired with 4GB of RAM to ensure a smooth and lag-free smartphone experience.. For storing apps and files, there is 64GB of internal storage space which using a microSD card can further be expanded up to 256GB. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro packs a non-removable Li-Ion 3,300mAh cell which can easily keep the device functioning throughout the day. Also, the battery comes with fast charging support that recharges your device in a jiffy.. Connectivity options that one gets with the C7 Pro include 4G, dual-SIM support, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, GPS, and a microUSB Type-C port.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Specifications Display Display Type Super AMOLED Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.7 Pixel Density 386 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 74.1 % Design and Build Dimensions 6.1 x 3.0 x 0.2 inches Weight 172 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash No Primary 16 M.Pixels Front 16 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 64GB RAM 4GB Expandable MicroSD, 256GB Battery Type Li-Ion Talk time 19 hrs (3G) Capacity 3300 mAh Turbo Charge Yes Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB v2.0, Type-C 1.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 626 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 2.2 GHz Make Qualcomm MSM8953 GPU Adreno 506 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Does it have an LED notification light on the front side?. Yes, it has an LED notification light on the front side.. What is the screen resolution of this mobile?. The screen resolution of this mobile is 1080x1920 pixels.. What is the warranty period of this product?. It comes with 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase.. How is the TFS quality of this mobile?. No idea because enterprise grade testing of each and every mobile costs a lot just to setup a basic test environment.. Why will all the Samsung smartphones get hang?. Because several apps run in the background. Rebooting it often and cleaning app cache would help.. User Reviews of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. 13 Ratings 1 Reviews. 5 7. 4 4. 3 0. 2 0. 1 2. Rate & review this product and help other customers. iPhone 6 32GB price in India (Rs. Nokia 8 price in India (Rs. iPhone SE price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro price (Rs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Review: An excellent all-rounder that needs a price cut. Samsung currently can do no wrong The South Korean manufacturer is riding a high with the Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8 PlusReview- both of which have been extremely well-received Samsung has also been quite busy updating and expanding its line up of less expensive mid-range devicesIt was jus. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro now available for Rs.25,990, but only for a limited time. Amazon India is offering a Rs2000 discount on the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro yet again bringing its price down to Rs25990 If you pay for your purchase using credit card EMI option you can get a further Rs2000 cashback as Amazon Pay balance However this offer is only limited to ICICI Standard. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro was obtained on 26th February 2018 14:18:38 The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is available in Amazon, Croma, Ebay, Flipkart, Samsungindiaestore, Tatacliq The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is available in Gold, Blue colours across various online stores in India.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India is Rs. 23,570 as on 26th February 2018 14:18:38. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Features the new industry standard, reversible USB Type-C connector. Advanced power smart detection that identifies the device’s maximum charging speeds. Smart IC chip technology prevents devices from overcharging, overheating and over current. LED indicator to ensure your device is properly connected for charging. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP USB-Type-C Wall Charger and Cable Combo SA-EP-TA300CWEGUJ, White. Super fast recharge for your Samsung Galaxy. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Type-C Reversible Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your device to a Mac or Windows PC. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Pink. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Black. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, White. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Cellet 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Retractable Car Charger, Black. 15 watts / 3 amps output. Reversible USB Type-C hassle free design. Advanced power smart detection identifies device’s max charging speed and smart IC chip technology provides protection against overcharging, overheating and over current. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro -Type-C Mini Phone Fan, Hot Pink. 
Mobiles / Samsung Mobile Phones / Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 5,216 Compare. Samsung has managed to branch out its lineup and has fast gained the lost ground in smartphone industry. The brand has launched the C series for impressive handsets in mid range, which have been received very well by the Indian consumers. The handset maker has now launched a new device called Galaxy C7 Pro, which has been placed in the same price tag as that of OnePlus 3T. Let us take a look at whether the handset is equipped to tale on the beast of the device or not.. Front Flash : This handset comes with a powerful 16 Megapixels snapper on both front and rear panel, which is a huge brownie point in the market and pit it directly against OnePlus 3T. However, the brand has also gone ahead and placed a soft LED flash on the front panel of this handset, which is missing from OnePlus 3T. Clearly, Galaxy C7 Pro wins in this regard, when it comes to the front camera.. USB Type-C : This is a new hype in the handset market and is being adopted by most smartphone makers owing to the ease of usage and added features. Not only is this USB port reversible but also brings with it features like quick charging and faster data transfer.. Hi-Fi music : This is an added benefit for those who love to listen to music on their smartphones and want a good listening experience. The Hi-Fi Music technology in the smartphone amplifies and enhances the music listening experience by a lot.. Super AMOLED display : This is the best feature to have if you are someone who enjoy their multimedia on phone. The Super AMOLED display on this handset makes for a crisp and bright viewing experience. Moreover, the Super AMOLED display is also pretty easy on battery, which is a huge plus.. Dated software : This is the only con that can make it or break it for the Galaxy C7 Pro as not everyone is willing to put up with a dated software on their handsets. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro comes with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system, which is now a generation old and does not make any sense since most new smartphones these days come with Android Nougat.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India. 24,900 .00. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Card.. No cost EMI on Credit Cards Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Flat 1,700 Off on Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro.. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. 23,570 .00. Blue +1 Variants. 24,900 .00. Blue +1 Variants. 24,900 .00. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in India starts from. The lowest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in India is. 23,570 at Amazon.in on 26 February, 2018. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is. available on flipkart.com, amazon.in, croma.com and tatacliq.com. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is available in Blue. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 4 /5 (1,020 User Reviews). No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Card.. No cost EMI on Credit Cards Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Flat 1,700 Off on Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro.. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 2.2 GHz Tru-Octa Core 4 GB RAM 64 GB Storage 5.7" (14.48 cm) Display 3300 mAh Battery 16 MP Rear Camera 16 MP Front Camera VoLTE, Dual SIM Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Drops from 23,570. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Drops from 23,570. 156.5 x 77.2 x 7.0 mm. 2.2 GHz Tru-Octa Core 64 bit (Cortex A53). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. 1080 x 1920 pixels, Full HD. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). LTE Cat6 300 Mbps/LTE Cat6 300 Mbps. 3GA, AAC, AMR, FLAC, M4A (Apple lossless), MIDI, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA. 3G2, 3GP, ASF, AVI, M4V, MKV, MP4, MPEG4, WebM, WMV. Handset with built-in Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Type-C Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Top Alternatives. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs OnePlus 3T. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Max. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy A5 2017. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Oppo F3 Plus. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy A7 2017. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Vivo V5 Plus. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy On Max. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs OnePlus 5. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Vivo V7 Plus. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Moto Z2 Play 64GB. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Nokia 6. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy S8. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs OnePlus 5 128GB. Compare Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro vs Moto G5S Plus. Question: How much Internal storage space is free? Can Apps be moved to SD card?. Answer: This handset comes with 64 GB of inbuilt storage, of which around 52 GB of space is available to the user. There is microSD card slot in this handset, and supported apps can be easily moved to the external storage.. Question: Is USB OTG supported?. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro comes with USB OTG feature.. Question: - Does it come with Dual Tone LED Flash?. Answer: Yes, the handset comes with dual tone LED flash.. Question: Do both SIM cards support 4G?. Answer: Yes, both SIM card slots in Galaxy C7 Pro support 4G LTE.. Question: Is the battery removable?. Answer: No, the battery of this handset is non-removable.. Question: Does it record Slow motion Videos? What is the highest Video Resolution?. Answer: No, this smartphone cannot record slow motion videos. It can record videos in the highest resolution of 1080p.. Question: How is the software?. Answer: It comes with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system, which makes for a good user experience.. Question: Does it support VoLTE?. Answer: Yes, the smartphone does support VoLTE feature.. Question: What comes inside the box?. Answer: Handset, USB Cable, Travel Adapter, Earphones And Warranty Card. Samsung Mobiles Upcoming Samsung Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Under 20000 Samsung Mobiles Between 10000 To 20000 Samsung 4G Mobiles Samsung Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Samsung Keypad Mobiles Samsung 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives FAQs. 
Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro blends in elegant design and smooth performance but will it be able to compete with the 'flagship killer' OnePlus 3T?. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Software & UI. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Features & Specifications. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Design & Build. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Primary Camera. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Secondary Camera. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Software & UI. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro runs Samsung TouchWiz UI based Android 6.0 Marshmallow. When it comes to user-interface in a device, Samsung has a simplified layout. The Quick access tool picks the basic apps we require for day-to-day usage. The app drawer gives the option to customise and arrange the apps accordingly.. This time around the TouchWiz UI looked somewhat neat in comparison to some of the Samsung units that we reviewed previously. Scrolling through the apps was smooth and the notification panel (Quick Access shortcuts) added one more row to list out some more options. However, the brightness adjustment option is not placed in the same row instead you need to swipe it down to get access to it. Additionally, the phone also gives the option to choose the default SIM (since it is a dual-SIM phone) for calling and sending text messages.. Moving on, the Galaxy C7 Pro has the same easy mode for a simplified user interface, built-in themes, blue light filter that protects our eyes from stress while using the phone in low-light situation. Then there is Always On Display that shows notification, time and date when the display is off; Quick launch of the camera which pops us when the home button is pressed twice.. One-handed operation that adjust the screen size to use the phone with one hand comfortably. The Pop-up view gesture that shrinks the screen size diagonally by swiping it from either corner at the top of the screen. The Palm gesture that captures the screenshot more or less feels a bit awkward to use at times. As many smartphones these days come with a shortcut for screenshot in the Quick access tool itself, the presence of such gesture often tends to be forgotten and instead most of us end up trying the same old Samsung theory of pressing ‘Home + Power’ button to take screenshots. Unsurprisingly, the Galaxy C7 Pro packs the usual bloatware which of course you can’t uninstall from the phone.. There is a myriad of apps which might not be necessary for most of the users. For instance, if you have Chrome browser, another browser (Opera Max) makes no sense. The phone comes with the entire Microsoft suite on board which again can’t be uninstalled and it only leaves you with option to disable it.. But not all that is bad in this new smartphone from the C series. There are a few changes that Samsung has added on this new device which come into notice while getting accustomed to the UI eventually. In the Display Settings there is a feature Icons with frames which brings a square icon shape on every app.. Lock and hide apps allows the user to keep the important apps hidden and lock them either with a pattern, fingerprint or a password. Keep in mind, this feature blocks notification of the apps that are hidden and it is applicable only on the downloaded apps. The Galaxy C7 Pro offers a Panic mode which is genuinely helpful during emergencies. The mode is enabled by quickly pressing the Power button three times and the device connects to an emergency number.. Other features include- Game mode that puts all the games together in a single folder, Direct call that calls the number whose call details are currently on the screen by simply bringing the phone close to your ear. The Easy Mute mode allows you to silence the phone by placing your hand on the screen or turn the device over.. Interestingly while using the phone and rigorously testing it we came upon the feature ‘Accessibility’ which we recommend users to check only when they get familiar of how each option under this feature operates.. The Voice Assistant (in the Vision feature) that accidentally opened (triggered out of curiosity to be honest), it took almost 30 minutes to shut off and bring back the device to function normally.. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Battery Life. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Call Quality. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Photo Gallery. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Features & Specifications. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Design & Build. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Primary Camera. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Secondary Camera. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Software & UI. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Battery Life. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Call Quality. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Photo Gallery. Samsung unveils Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus at MWC 2018. Samsung replaces Opera Max with its new Samsung Max app for data-saving & privacy protection. Is your phone eligible for Jio Football Rs 2200 Cashback offer?. Samsung has stopped Android 8.0 Oreo rollout for Galaxy S8 and S8+; here’s why. Samsung Experience 9.0 based on Android 8.0 Oreo released; features a lot of new Emojis. Here’s what the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S9 lineup could look like. OnePlus 5T offers cashback, discounts and more to celebrate Valentine’s day 2018. New OnePlus 5T Oreo update removes controversial Mkey app. OnePlus open beta update for OnePlus 5 & 5T removes Clipboard app, brings new gestures. Now you can buy OnePlus 5T with a Buyback Program: Here’s how it works. Samsung Galaxy S9 launch set for February 25; here’s what we know so far about the phone. Best deals on Camera-phones in Amazon Great Indian Sale and Flipkart Republic Day Sale. Techook.com, India’s first stack-based platform for tech gadgets. Launched with an aim to simplify smartphone decision-making,Techook does not cut any corners to generate completely impartial smartphone ratings to provide objective information to its readers.. 
India (Hindi) Global Argentina Belgium (Dutch) Belgium (French) Brazil Germany Italy Korea Malaysia Mexico Netherlands Russia South Africa Spain UK US Vietnam. Samsung Launches the Stunningly Slim and Powerful Galaxy C7 Pro in India. Press Resources > Press Release. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro – Product Specifications. 156.6 x 77.2 x 7 mm. 14.43cm (5.7”) FHD (1080 x 1920). Accelerometer, Fingerprint Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Proximity Sensor, RGB Light Sensor. Samsung India today launched its latest smartphone Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro, which will be sold exclusively on Amazon India. Galaxy C7 Pro demonstrates Samsung’s consumer centric focus and its ability to bring valuable and meaningful experiences to consumers. The device packs in powerful features in a premium slim design, making it an extremely powerful smartphone in its category.. “At Samsung, we are committed to meaningful innovations that delight our consumers. Galaxy C7 Pro is a slim and stunning device, which comes packed with powerful features for unparalleled multitasking and multimedia experience making it a Lean and Mean machine for the millennials,” said Mr. Sandeep Singh Arora, Vice President, Online Business, Samsung India.. “We are pleased to be the partner of choice for Samsung and offer our customers a chance to own the exclusive access to Galaxy C7 Pro. Smartphones are one of the fastest growing product lines and have repeatedly been one of the top selling categories on Amazon.in,” said Mr Arun Srinivasan, Director, Consumer Electronics (Category Management), Amazon India.. At 7mm, the slim Galaxy C7 Pro gives the consumer a comfortable grip. The device is crafted with a full metal unibody and a 2.5D Gorilla Glass that make it very durable. Galaxy C7 Pro also sports a 5.7” FHD Super AMOLED display that provides an immersive and enriching viewing experience.. To enable consumers to do more, Galaxy C7 Pro comes equipped with a powerful 2.2 GHz octa-core processor and 4GB RAM. This ensures that the smartphone handles any task with ease, for a faster and smoother multi-tasking experience. Galaxy C7 Pro has an inbuilt memory of 64GB which is expandable to 256GB, so consumers have enough space to store their favourite pictures, movies or songs. Galaxy C7 Pro has a powerful 3,300mAh battery, with fast charging capabilities to charge the phone completely in just 100 min.. Galaxy C7 Pro features a 16MP front and rear camera with an f1.9 aperture lens for taking great pictures even in low light conditions. The rear camera comes equipped with Phase Detection Auto-Focus and Dual LED flash features, which allow users to capture clear and bright photographs. The front camera offers an upgraded selfie experience with its pre-installed beautifying effects. The floating camera button in Galaxy C7 Pro enables users to take the best shots at ease with single hand.. Galaxy C7 Pro will come in two colour options of Navy Blue and Gold in India and will be priced at INR 27,990. The device will be exclusively available on Amazon.in from 11th April, 2017.. Rear camera :Dual LED Flash ,PDAF. Floating camera Button and Beautifying Effect. 0 to 100% in just 100min. TAGS C7 Pro launch , Galaxy C7 Pro , Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Navy Blue_Back. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Navy Blue_Front Ri. For any issues related to service, please go to. For media inquiries, please contact corpcommindia@samsung.com .. India (Hindi) Global Argentina Belgium (Dutch) Belgium (French) Brazil Germany Italy Korea Malaysia Mexico Netherlands Russia South Africa Spain UK US Vietnam. Copyright© 2011-2018 SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved.. 
Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in Pakistan, Specifications, Features, Reviews. Laptops HP Dell Lenovo Apple Asus Microsoft Acer Samsung Razer Alienware MSI Toshiba Xiaomi All Laptops. Laptop Accessories Cleaners Processors Graphic Cards Internal Hard Drive Mouse Keyboard Laptop Bags/ Sleeves Battries Chargers Cooling Pads Other Accessories Flash Drives Web cameras Headphone/ Mic. Quick Links specs All Core i3 Laptops All Core i5 Laptops All Core i7 Laptops Gaming Laptops Touchscreen Laptops prices Price 30,000 to 40,000 Price 40,001 to 50,000 Price 50,001 to 60,000 Price 60,001 to 80,000 Price 80,001 to Above. Tablets Samsung Apple Lenovo QMobile LG Huawei Crown Alcatel MiOne All Tablets. Tablet Accessories Chargers Screen Protectors Others Docks Desk Stands Covers & Skins Cables Stands Keyboards Car Holders. Popular Items Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Apple iPad Air 2. Mobiles Apple Samsung LG Nokia QMobile Huawei Infinix Sony Xiaomi HTC Lenovo Google OPPO OnePlus All Mobiles. Mobile Accessories Ipod and Audio Players Power Bank Screen Protectors Bluetooth handfree Covers & Skins Car Kits Desk Stands Other Accessories Stylus Headphones Car Chargers Memory Cards Speakers Cables / Connectors. Quick Links specs Quad Core Mobiles Windows Mobiles Android Mobiles 3G Mobiles 4G Mobiles prices Price Upto 10,000 Price 10,001 to 20,000 Price 20,001 to 30,000 Price 30,001 to 40,000 Price 40,001 to 50,000 Price 50,001 to 60,000 Price Above 60,000. Popular Items OPPO R7 Plus Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Huawei Mate 8 64 GB BlackBerry Priv. LCD/LED Monitors Samsung Dell HP Acer View Sonic Lenovo Benq Philips AOC All LCD/LED Monitors. Desktop Computers Dell HP Apple Lenovo All Desktop Computers. Servers Dell Intel Rackmount Server All Servers. Desktop Accessories Ram Computer Casing Graphic Cards Processors. Printers Laser Printers Photo Printers Multifunction Printers Enterprise Printers Toners and Cartridges Other Printers Accessories. Projectors Projectors Projector Stands Projector Screens Projector Accessories. Home Appliances Washing Machine Digital Personal Scale Hair Dryer Trimmer Shaver Insect Killers Heaters Fans Irons Vacuum Cleaners Geyser. Kitchen Appliances Microwave Dish Dryer Miscellaneous Food Processors Hot Plates Coffee Makers Choppers Deep Fryers Blenders / Grinders Sandwich Makers Kettles Toasters Water Dispenser Juicers. Televisions LED TV LCD TV Plasma Tv TV Accessories. Home Audio & Video Home Theater DVD and Bluray Players MP3 & MP4 players HiFi System Home Audio Accessories Docking Stations & Portable Speakers. GPS Handheld GPS Car Navigation GPS OEM GPS. DSLR Cameras Canon Nikon Sony Fujifilm All DSLR Cameras. Camera Accessories Other Accessories Camera Lenses Memory Cards Lights & Studio Tripod Bags & Cases. More Cameras Digital Cameras Handy Cameras. Gaming Consoles Sony Nintendo xbox Microsoft Xbox One All Gaming Consoles. Games PS4 PS3 PS Vita Xbox 360 Xbox One. Air Conditioners Gree Orient Acson Kenwood Mitsubishi Dawlance Daikin LG Haier Samsung Panasonic All Air Conditioners. Quick Links specs All 1.0 Ton ACs All 1.5 Ton ACs All 2.0 Ton ACs All 4.0 Ton ACs Invertor ACs prices Price 30,000 to 40,000 Price 40,000 to 50,000 Price 50,000 to 70,000 Price Above 70,000. Watches Casio Obaku Royal London Roamer Fossil Armani Citizen Apple Motorola Guess Samsung Asus All Watches. Quick Links specs Men's Watches Women's Watches prices Price up to 10,000 Price 10,001 to 20,000 Price 20,001 to 30,000 Price 30,001 to 50,000 Price 50,001 to 80,000 Price Above 80,000. Popular Items Obaku V171GMVBMB Roamer 220837 49 45 20 Royal London 41280-05 Guess W0247G3 Casio Edifice EF-546D-1A1VUDF Casio G-Shock MTG-S1000D-1ADR Fossil ES2951. Generator Jasco Slong Homage Lutian Enviro NDL Dynamac Riggid OES Firman Sanco Honda Aurora Tiger All Generator. Generator Types Natural Gas Generator Fujigen Generator Torch Generator Jasco Water Pumps Cummins Generator Diesel Generator Fuji Generator Kohler Generator Spark Generator. UPS Crown Xpert Westpoint Enviro Stabimatic APC Apollo Aurora Emerson Powerful Hyundai Cyber Power Sungrow All UPS. Gadgets Skating Board Hoverboard Fidget Spinner Stuff Toys. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Price in Pakistan. The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is powered by 2.2GHz Octa core processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 256GB via a microSD card As far as the cameras are concerned, the Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro packs a 16 megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16 megapixel front shooter for selfies. Call us: +92 311 163 4275. 36,999 PKR. Shipping Info: 24 - 48 Hours. 13 MP, Touchscreen, 3000 mAh, 4G.... Specifications for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Maximum numbers of fps when recording. 156.5 x 77.2 x 7 mm. Images for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. - 16 MP - Touchscreen - Li Ion 3000 mAh - 4G LTE - 5.2 inches - Android OS v6.0.1 Marshmallow. - 16 MP - Touchscreen - 3300 mAh - 4G LTE - 5.7 inches - Android OS, v6.0.1 Marshmallow. - 5 MP - Touchscreen - Li-Ion 2000 mAh battery - 4G LTE - 4.7 inches - Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop). - 8MP - Touchscreen - 2600 mAh - No 4G LTE - 5.0 Inches - Android OS 6.0.1 Marshmallow. Samsung Galaxy Grand prime plus 2GB RAM 8GB ROM. - 13 MP - Touchscreen - 3300 mAh - 4G LTE - 5.5 inches - Android OS v5.1 (Lollipop). - 13 MP - Touchscreen - 4000 mAh - 4G LTE - 6.0 inches - Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop). - 12 MP - Touchscreen - 3000 mAh - 4G LTE - 5.1 inches - Android OS, v6.0 Marshmallow. - 12 MP - Touchscreen - 3600 mAh - 4G LTE - 5.5 - Android OS, v6.0 Marshmallow. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Pearl Black 128 GB. - 8 MP - Touchscreen - Li-Ion 2600 mAh - No 4G LTE - 5.0 inches - Android OS, v6.0 Marshmallow. - 16 MP - Touchscreen - 4G LTE - 5.7 inches - Android OS v6.0.1 Marshmallow. - 13 MP - Touchscreen - 2400 mAh - 4G LTE - 5.0 Inches - Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow). - 16 megapixels - Touchscreen - Non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery - 4G LTE - 5.7 inches - Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in pakistan ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro in pakistan ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro pakistan ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro rates in pakistan ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro specs ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro reviews ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro drivers ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro softwares ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro features ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro in islamabad ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in islamabad ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in rawalpindi ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in lahore ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in karachi ,. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in faisalabad ,. Samsung Mobile prices in pakistan ,. Disclaimer : Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in Pakistan is updated on daily basis and rate/price for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro is valid for all cities of Pakistan included Islamabad,. Rawalpindi, Lahore, Karachi, Faisalabad, Peshawar, Sialkot, Quetta etc. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price depends on many factors thats include the price of dollors, manufacturar price and. Our team entered specs from diffrent resources and not responsible for any typo error in specs for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro,. please report any such error in bug report panel for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro price in Pakistan.. Office 11, 12, 14 Basement Ahmed Center, I-8 Markaz,. Please enter a valid Email address.. Check Your Email to confirm your newsletter subscription.. There was an error sending your information. Sign up to receive exclusive content, special offers & more!. All the Logos/Trade Mark used on this page are sole property of their respective owners. Mega.PK is not responsible for any typographical or photographical error. Prices and specification are subject to change without any notice. Please review the Terms of Use before using this site. Your use of the site indicates your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Services .. © 2008 - 2018 MEGA DOT PK, Allrights Reserved.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. 1 year Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan. OneAssist Accidental & Liquid Damage Protection Plan for Mobile & Tablets from Rs 18001 to Rs 24000. from OneAssist Consumer Solutions Pvt Ltd. One Year Protection Plan for Accidental Damage, Drops and Spills. Protection against Screen protection, physical damage, liquid damage like tea, coffee and any oil spills. Protection plan is backed by Insurance and is Valid for One Year. Free Doorstep Device Pickup and drop Service. Purchase the Protection Plan within 15 days of new Device Purchase. Protection plan transferrable from Old device to New Device. Maximum 2 claims during tenure of membership. Cashless Repair in Authorized Service Center only. Plan is applicable for Andriod & Windows device only. 24X7 customer service Available, block your SIM Card and get protected against misuse of Rs3000. Claims accepted only after successful activation of plan. OnsiteGo 1 Year Extended warranty for Mobiles (Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. The 1 Year OnsiteGo Extended Warranty plan covers all mechanical and electronic defects that are covered under the standard manufacturer's warranty. The plan is applicable for all mobiles between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. You can purchase the plan at the time of buying the device or within 6 months from the purchase date. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. You can activate the plan by following some simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the mobile brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Gold, 64GB). No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold and fulfilled by Riddhisiddhicorp (3.9 out of 5 | 347 ratings).. 16MP primary camera and 16MP front facing camera with f/1.9 aperture lens. 14.45 centimeters (5.7-inch) Full HD super AMOLED display with 1920 x 1080 resolution and 386 ppi and 16M colors. Android v6.0 Marshmallow OS with 2.2GHz Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 626 octa core processor, Adreno 506 GPU, 4GB RAM, 64GB internal memory expandable up to 256GB and dual SIM dual-standby (4G+4G) with hybrid SIM. 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Customer support and product quantity alert The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Need more information about the product? Chat with the Samsung brand representative directly. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro (Gold, 64GB). Ships from and sold by Riddhisiddhicorp.. Johra Real HD+ Tempered Glass For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Ships from and sold by Johra Accessories.. Johra Soft Silicone Tpu Transparent Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Ships from and sold by Johra Accessories.. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Johra Soft Silicone Tpu Transparent Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Johra Real HD+ Tempered Glass For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro. Fashionury Ultra Clear Transparent Flexible Soft TPU Slim Back cover for Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro/ Samsung C7 Pro. Mobilix For C7_Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector Toughened Glass With 9h Hardness For Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Tempered Glass. NETBOON® Premium Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector Full Coverage Glass Guard - White. AZURE Samsung C7 Pro New Full Cover Tempered Glass HD Screen Protector of BLACK Colour- For Samsung C7 Pro {Gold}. In this segment - it is the most powerful phone. A definite 4.5 out of 5 - Twitter star Gabbar Singh. C7 Pro has one of the best screens in the segment. Also, despite 95+ apps, the phone shows no lag or slowdown because of the 4GB RAM. A 4out of 5 for me - Hairsh Jonnalagadda, Android Central. In terms of memory management, this phone is equivalent to any phone with 6GB RAM or more. A solid 4 out of 5 for the phone - Abhinav Pathak, PhoneBunch. Galaxy C7 Pro has 4GB RAM - but it gives you a performance of a phone that has a 6GB RAM - Manas, Gaming Central.. It has good specs, amazing shape and it handles all the heavy applications really well. I think there are plenty of reasons for everyone to fall in love with C7 Pro - Jasmeet, Gaming Central. I love the camera on this phone. In my profession, we need a camera, a phone which has capabilities to shoot in low light situation and I think this phone is the one for it. A total 5 out of 5 for me - Gulzar Sethi, Ace photographer. It has a great processor and it performs very well. A rating of 4 out of 5 - Abhijeet Mishra, SamMobile. There's nothing that does it better - Musician, Dhruv Vishwanath. The new Galaxy C7 Pro is a lean mean machine. The stunningly crafted design with solid curves, the powerful 2.5D Glass with full metal body - all inside the 7mm slim frame.. - 7Mm Slim Design | 2.5D Glass | Full Metal Unibody. The Galaxy C7 Pro is unbelievably nimble. With a 4GB RAM and a super-fast processor, it sets a new standard in multitasking. Switching apps, downloading music, playing games - all gets done in a whiz.. - 4GB RAM | Snapdragon Octa-Core Processor. It's never too dark for a gorgeous shot with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. The 16 MP rear camera with Dual LED Rear flash and f/1.9 lens allows you to capture moments brilliantly in any light and its 16 MP front camera enables you to create selfies that are envied by all.. - Low Light Photography | 16MP (F1.9) Front and 16MP (F1.9) Rear Camera | Dual LED Rear Flash. Now store all the moments in one place. The new Galaxy C7 Pro comes with 64 GB of internal memory to store all that you love. If that’s not enough, expand it to a massive 256 GB.. - 64 GB Internal Memory | Expandable up to 256GB | Hybrid Dual SIM. The Galaxy C7 Pro is thin but it goes a long way. It’s powered by a 3,300 mAh battery. What’s more, you can charge your phone in just 100 minutes*.. - 3,300 mAh Battery | USB Type C Connector. Take your viewing experience to another level with the new Galaxy C7 Pro. With a 14.43cm (5.7 inches) Full HD sAMOLED screen, it makes your world truly amazing with breathtaking detail, incredible colours and deep contrast.. - 14.43cm (5.7 inches) Full HD sAMOLED. The new Galaxy C7 pro comes with Hi-f- music feature to give you an experience that is never heard before.. See what the Experts Have to Say. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 15.7 x 0.7 x 7.7 cm. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies 2G, 3G, 4G LTE, FDD, TDD, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n. Special features Dual SIM, GPS, Music Player, Video Player, FM Radio, Accelerometer, Fingerprint sensor, Gyro sensor, Geo magnetic sensor, Proximity sensor, RGB light sensor, E-mail. Whats in the box Handset, USB Cable, Travel Adapter, Earphones and Warranty Card. #12,491 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 1 January 2017. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 4GB RAM + 64GB Memory). Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Gold, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory). 5 star 51% 4 star 20% 3 star 8% 2 star 5% 1 star 16%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Bought this phone from Amazon,. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Bought this phone from Amazon, the Phone IMEI is not registered with Samsung and they are not ready to provide warranty. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good product to bet on.... Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Folks, I write this review after a period of almost 9 months since I bought this phone. But, I hardly realise that it's been 9 months.. These many months were absolutely hassle-free with my C7 PRO, touchwood.. I had to make a choice between One plus 3T and this.. Considering the service (I owned S4 mini couple of years back, so knew well about their service quality) I went for Samsung.. Hopefully all going well till date.. Only bad thing was, Amazon offered 2K price cut within a month of my purchase.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Fake accesories with Samsung device. Colour: Gold | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. I ordered the device after much thought .. nd the experience is NOT good at all.. the charging cable is not original .. m not able to connect the phone to my laptop .. tried getting an original wire from multiple samsung shops..its nt available anywhere .. aftr 2 months of hunt have no option now! Bad experience! Nevr buying a phone online ever again ... Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Doesn't catch signals. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. I'm finding it very difficult to communicate through.When I'm inserting the same SIMs in another mobile(s), signals are normal and communication wise no issues. I'm very disappointed with the purchase. It's a malfunction at the time manufacturing, realized it only after replacement guarantee period. Don't know what to do other than reaching out to Samsung stores, but fear of losing it completely, in terms of mobile functioning, down to my previous experiences with mobile showrooms including Samsung ones. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A winner, go for it!!!. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. I've been using it for a month now and am very happy with the product. The looks are very premium and it feels like you're using a very high end mobile. The fast charging and the battery are like a topping on the cake. I would recommend it for people looking to buy a mobile in the 25k bracket.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Perfect mid range phone. Colour: Gold | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. camera both front and rear provide clear pictures.. as for performance I have not had any problems with it so far, have been using it for a couple of months.. battery life is good even with maximum usage, fast charging is available and that is a good feature.. overall it's a pretty good phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars GOOD QUALITY PHONE WITH ATTARCTIVE LOOKS.. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Good quality and running smoothly with its 4 gb ram. I have been using phone from last 4 months. No lagging and no issue with phone even big memory games are being played. We can do multi tasking easily. No prob with phone till date.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone, good design. Colour: Navy Blue | Style: Without Offer | Verified Purchase. Nice phone, good design, nice battery back up also but if you go for camera quality it is worst at night. I have Samsung A5 which is capture Good images on 13mp camera even on low light but this phone shucks on low light. If you are going for a good camera mobile then it will be not a best bye for you.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good performance...... One of the worst phone don't buy this mobile. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. it is very good product , but the price is more.good battery back up.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Amazon delivered it within 24 hrs. 5.0 out of 5 stars fantastic phone.. This is best phone i ever used , Soo beautiful and very smart & Very powerful operating system with two day's battery and excellent camera quality. 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. i am not satisfied with this product. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. This is really the best phone in this range Everything is upto the marks Overall it's 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌 None phone can beat it's design in slimmness You can see... 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome phone in this segment. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Yes I buy this phone in offline. overall performance is very good excellent phone.but camera is not good eighter day light or low light .. 4.0 out of 5 stars overall performance is very good excellent phone. See and discover other items: slim smartphone , 6 gb ram mobiles , slim smartphones , sony smart watch , xiaomi redmi pro , all mobile models. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Skip to content Skip to accessibility help. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. * Price subject to change without prior notification. An unprecedentedly thin frame and bezel for a comfortable and steady grip. Its eye-catching, leather-feel rear cover adds an extra touch of class.. Enhanced camera features let you enjoy higher resolution and capture images in exceptional detail. The quick launch feature means you need not miss out on another photo opportunity. Just push the home button twice and capture the moment.. Taking selfies has never been this easy – or rewarding. Wide Selfie lets you get even more people or scenery into the frame with a wider viewing angle. With the smart Palm Gesture Selfie feature, you can start snapping by simply gesturing at the lens with your palm. Beauty Shot mode lets you apply a range of beautifying effects.. With LTE Cat 4 support, you can download HD movies, enjoy web browsing and music streaming, all at lightening-quick speeds. Experience seamless network connectivity via speedy Wi-Fi connection. Bluetooth-enabled to allow you to pair it with a headset, tablet or other device. * Download speeds may vary depending on user environment, website traffic and server delay.. 2G GSM, 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD. B1(2100), B3(1800), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B20(800). A2DP, AVRCP, DI, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP. MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, WMV, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. There are no user reviews yet.. How to change Network from 4G/3G/2G to 3G/2G in Samsung Galaxy On7 ( SM-G600FY) ?. How to change Network from 4G/3G/2G to 3G/2G in Samsung Galaxy On7 ( SM-G600FY) ? See The Answer. Battery Drains Frequently See The Answer. * Key feature may different from Key Spec. User memory is less than the total memory due to storage of the operating system and software used to operate the phones features. Actual user memory will vary depending on the operator and may change after software upgrades are performed. The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider.. Samsung India encourages its customers for e-waste recycling.. Please call 1800 40 SAMSUNG (7267864) or. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
