more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The Samsung Galaxy J7 V is equipped with a 5.5-inch, 2.5D rounded glass display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 (HD). Powering the device is a Snapdragon 625 chipset with an octa-core 2.2GHz CPU and the Adreno 506 GPU. 2GB of RAM is inside, along with 16GB of native storage. A removable 3300mAh battery keeps the lights on, and Quick Charge 3.0 is included. The rear camera weighs in at 8MP, while a 5MP front-facing camera handles selfies and video chats.. Dimensions: 5.96 x 3.01 x 0.34 inches (151.5 x 76.4 x 8.6 mm). Weight: 5.9 oz (167 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus, CMOS image sensor. Software Features: Touch to focus, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 40.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 12.0 days (288 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s). CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: ANT+, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 23 Mar 2017. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Samsung Galaxy J7 V specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $160 Buy. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) appears again on GFXBench. LG K20 V and Samsung Galaxy J7 V now available from Verizon. Check out this render of the Verizon bound Samsung Galaxy J7 V. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 6,000 results for "Samsung Galaxy J7 V". Samsung Galaxy J7 - Verizon Carrier Locked No Contract Prepaid Smartphone. $118.15 (15 used &amp new offers). Amazon's Choice for "Samsung Galaxy J7 V". [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7V (Verizon) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Verizon Wireless - Silver. Order now and we'll deliver when available.. $127.49 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. See the big picture with the Galaxy J7 V. Scroll and zoom less, thanks .... Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime / Galaxy J7 V / J7V / Galaxy J7 2017 / Galaxy J7 Perx / Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo, SYONER [Shockproof] Defender Phone Case Cover [Black]. Compatible: Perfect for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 released. [3 PACK] Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7V (Verizon) / J7 2017 / Galaxy J7 Perx / Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy J7 Prime / Galaxy Halo Screen Protector, LK [Tempered Glass] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Protector Compatible with: Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy .... Galaxy J7 V Case, Galaxy J7 Sky Pro Case, Galaxy J7 Perx Case, Galaxy Halo Case, SYONER [Shockproof] Defender Phone Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 2017 Released [Green]. Compatible: Perfect for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 released. [3-PACK]-Mr Shield For Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 V (2017 Version ONLY) [Will Not Fit For 2015 and 2016 Version] [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Please Note: Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 V (2017 Version) screen has curved .... For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 / J7 Prime / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, LK [Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Armor Defender Protective Case Cover (Black). Compatible with: Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 .... Galaxy J7 V / J7 Perx/J7 Prime/J7 Sky Pro/Halo Case with Screen Protector,NiuBox [Card Slot Wallet Fit Card][Kickstand] Full Body Shock Absorption Protective Phone Case for Samsung J7V 2017-Turquoise. Samsung Galaxy Halo, Samsung Galaxy J7 V , Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 .... Galaxy J7 V Case, Galaxy J7 Prime Case, Galaxy J7 Perx Case, Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, OEAGO Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case Tough Rugged Dual Layer Protective Case with Kickstand - Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 / Samsung Galaxy J7 V J7V / Samsung Galaxy J7 .... OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017)/Galaxy J7 V/Galaxy Halo/Galaxy J7 Perx/Galaxy J7 Prime/Galaxy J7 Sky Pro - Retail Packaging – BLACK. $13.40 (15 used &amp new offers). Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017)/Galaxy J7 V /Galaxy Halo/Galaxy .... For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 / J7 Prime / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, LK Ultra [Slim Thin] TPU Rubber Soft Skin Silicone Protective Case Cover (Clear). Compatible with: Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 .... For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 / J7 Prime / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, LK Ultra [Slim Thin] TPU Rubber Soft Skin Silicone Protective Case Cover (Black). Compatible with: Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 .... For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 / J7 Prime / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, LK Ultra [Slim Thin] TPU Rubber Soft Skin Silicone Protective Case Cover (Purple). Compatible with: Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 .... Galaxy J7 Perx Case,Galaxy J7 Prime / J7 V/ J7 Sky Pro/ Halo Glitter Case with HD Screen Protector,LeYi Hybrid Heavy Duty Protection [PC Silicone Leather] Case for Samsung Galaxy J7V 2017 TP Rose Gold. Compatible Phone Model: Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon) sm-j727v,sm .... Galaxy J7 V Case / Galaxy J7 Perx Case / Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / J7 Prime / Galaxy Halo / J7 2017 Case,[Shock Absorbent] PU Leather Kickstand Wallet Cover Durable Flip Case. women accessories galaxy j7 v case wallet samsung galaxy j7 case 2017 .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 151.4 x 76.2 x 8.6 mm (5.96 x 3.00 x 0.34 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~72.3% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Versions: Galaxy J7 V J727V (Verizon); Galaxy J7 Perx J727P (Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - user opinions and reviews. available for suggestions, but i have installed only 9 extra apps,. Get rid of the bloatware or load a custom Rom, that will make it more enjoyable. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt. Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -My.Carbon 3-in-1 Rugged Case with Holster, Black/Purple. My.Carbon 3-in-1 Shell & Holster Combo. Rubberized polycarbonate shell for scratch and drop protection. Unique slide-in design for simplicity and ease of use. Precision cutouts for access to ports, controls, speakers and camera. Attach holster to bag, belt, pocket or purse. High-quality, rotatable clip doubles as a kickstand. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Rainbow Butterflies Design Slim Hybrid Rugged Case, Multi-Color. All around protection for your phone, including buttons. Defends against scratches, cracks and bumps. Cutouts for camera, speakers and ports for full functionality. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Brushed Metal Design Combat Hybrid Rugged Case, Rose Gold/Black. Great for protecting your phone from falls and drops. Keeps your phone looking like new. Outer metallic hardshell layer prevents abrasions and dents. Rugged texture makes it easy to grip. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Red/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Cherry Blossoms Design Slim Hybrid Rugged Case, Pink. All around protection for your phone, including buttons. Defends against scratches, cracks and bumps. Cutouts for camera, speakers and ports for full functionality. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Silver/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Blue/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Purple/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Carbon Fiber Design Slim Hybrid Rugged Case, Black. All around protection for your phone, including buttons. Defends against scratches, cracks and bumps. Cutouts for camera, speakers and ports for full functionality. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, White/Hot Pink. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Magnetic Leather Wallet with Extra Card Flap and Wristlet, Black. Designed to act as a stand. Precision-fit Heavy-Duty hard shell interior phone holder. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Hot Pink/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Gold/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Frosted TPU Case, Blue. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Rose Gold/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Waterproof Bag. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Frosted TPU Case, Red. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Frosted TPU Case, Gray. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Magnetic Leather Wallet with Extra Card Flap and Wristlet, Rose Gold. Designed to act as a stand. Precision-fit Heavy-Duty hard shell interior phone holder. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Dream Catcher Embroidered Slim Fashion Case, Purple/Silver. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Will Galaxy S8, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy Note 8 get AR Emoji? A port should arrive soon!. Do Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus cases and covers work on the Galaxy S9 and S9+?. Galaxy S9 and S9+ are a bit thicker and wider, and slightly smaller than the S8 and S8+. Essential Phone deal: Available for $499 with 360-degree camera. [Deal] Get Huawei Honor V10 for just $460 with this coupon. [Deal] Get Xiaomi Mi A1 32GB for just $200 at GearBest. Verizon Moto Z2 Play Deal: $168 off, available for $10/month. [App deal] Moon+ Reader Pro is available for $2.49 (50% off) till January 4. [Hot Deal] Google Pixelbook gets $100 off at Google, Best Buy and B&H, includes free Home. Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Will Galaxy S8, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy Note 8 get AR Emoji? A port should arrive soon!. Do Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus cases and covers work on the Galaxy S9 and S9+?. Galaxy S9 and S9+ are a bit thicker and wider, and slightly smaller than the S8 and S8+. Essential Phone deal: Available for $499 with 360-degree camera. [Deal] Get Huawei Honor V10 for just $460 with this coupon. [Deal] Get Xiaomi Mi A1 32GB for just $200 at GearBest. Verizon Moto Z2 Play Deal: $168 off, available for $10/month. [App deal] Moon+ Reader Pro is available for $2.49 (50% off) till January 4. [Hot Deal] Google Pixelbook gets $100 off at Google, Best Buy and B&H, includes free Home. Home Tips Samsung Galaxy J7 V 2017 Specs Review. April 5, 2017 - 4:13 PM. Galaxy J7 V 2017 launch date and price. Galaxy J7 V 2017 Design Galaxy J7 V 2017 Display Galaxy J7 V 2017 Processor Galaxy J7 V 2017. RAM and Storage Galaxy J7 V 2017. Battery Galaxy J7 V 2017 launch date and price. Here’s some good news that our users who are keen on buying the Samsung’s 3rd Gen of the Galaxy J7 could use. The device just received approval from the Bluetooth SIG, a worldwide recognized agency for certification of any devices that use Bluetooth. This basically means that the new J7 has entered prototype stage, and is ready for mass production, which in release date terms means we’re only a few weeks away from the. Are you looking to buy the J7? Find everything you need to know about the device below, as we’ve done some thinking over its specs, and discussed it right below.. Amid all the countless rumors, Samsung’s Galaxy J7 V has silently hit the Verizon stores in the US recently. Before you jump the gun, check out this specs review of ours on the Galaxy J7 V, so that you know whether this is really the device you wanna spend on.. Here’s everything you need to know about the Galaxy J7 V 2017.. Samsung’s trademark design language is pretty evident on the Galaxy J7 V right from the first glance. With neatly rounded corners and the iconic home button which also doubles as the fingerprint scanner flanked by the navigation buttons on either side, the Galaxy J7 V looks like any other mid-range handset from Samsung.. The rear, though, looks a bit different this time. While the entire back looks smooth and a tad bit glossy, a certain portion of it has a textured finish which looks pretty decent.. For its buck, you can grab a better-looking phone with better display sure, like Honor 6X, but if you’re tied to Verizon, that’s not an option — and that is what Galaxy J7 V is banking on.. The latest iteration of the Galaxy J7 V flaunts a. 5.5-inch display with an HD resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. of pixels on the show here, as Full HD is kind of minimum we would like to see in our next phone really.. Moreover, you get a TFT type display, which is, of course, worse than the IPS, LCD or AMOLED kind we’d hope for.. To top it all off, a. 2.5D curved glass runs over the face of the phone.. Well, don’t expect the J7 V 2017 at Verizon, to impress you with its display, but if you are least concerned by that, you can ignore it. On the contrary, if you want the best display in this range, you definitely need to look away from J7.. AT&T bound Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 clears FCC, should release soon. As is the case with most of the mid-rangers these days, the Samsung Galaxy J7 V is powered by the Qualcomm’s power efficient octa-core Snapdragon 625 chipset clocked at 2.2GHz .. As a matter of fact, the Snapdragon 625 processor has been the darling of mid-range smartphone manufacturers of late. The chipset, while offering smooth performance, promises stellar battery life owing to its 14nm production tech.. Also, it has the Adreno 506 GPU to take care of graphics in case you are wondering — which should help you play most of the games on the offer on Play Store, but obviously, don’t expect stellar performance from this one.. Although 3GB of RAM has become a norm of sorts for mid-range devices these days, Samsung is still offering 2GB of RAM with the Galaxy J7 V, which is a bit of a bummer.. In terms of internal storage space, the smartphone comes with 16GB of onboard storage which is thankfully expandable up to 256GB via a microSD card slot.. We can cry over the lack of 3GB RAM, but unless you plan to install tons of apps and games from Play Store , you will do just fine with Galaxy J7 V.. Also read: How to Enable Adoptable SD Card Storage on Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. The Samsung Galaxy J7 V boots Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box. You know what, this makes the J7 V only Samsung device apart from popular flagships like Galaxy S7 ,. Galaxy S6 and Galaxy Note 5 to run on Nougat right now! Yeah, we too are sad with the dire state of updates, man.. This comes as a bit of a surprise as the Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime. (2017), and the Samsung On5 (2017) were launched with the Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Thankfully, that’s not the case with the Galaxy J7 V.. — scheduled to release by August 2017, and available right now as Developer Preview 1 for Nexus and pixel sets — comes out for the public, we expect Samsung to release the Android 8.0 update to its Galaxy J7 V 2017. Though that could by June 2018, in case, you’re checking out calendar already!. In terms of imaging, the Galaxy J7 V sports an 8MP sensor at the back paired with a LED light to assist in low lighting conditions.. At the front , we are looking at a 5MP shooter for selfies and video calling.. Being a budget level handset, you really cannot expect more, right? WRONG! Have a look at Moto G5 Plus , and you will be blown by the camera it offers, besides everything else where it beats the shit out of J7 V. And it costs even $10 less than what you pay Verizon to grab a J7 V without the contract.. The Galaxy J7 V houses a 3,300mAh battery to stay juiced up all day long. This is easily one of its best-selling features.. Combine it with the fact that it has the Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 chipset under-the-hood; you can easily spend a day without worrying about the battery life. To further sweeten the deal, Samsung is throwing in support for Quick Charge 3.0. Also read: How to securely save files on cloud with encryption taking place on your own device. Samsung Galaxy J7 V has already made its way to the US market via Verizon .. The device is currently shipping for $10 a month for 24 months with $0 down on Verizon. You can also pay $240 upfront to own the device right away.. The device should carry a similar price tag on other carriers as well.. So, that’s everything about Galaxy J7 V 2017. In summary , it doesn’t get you the best spec sheet for its price in today’s market, all thanks to poor display and camera components. But where it does score is slightly better than average battery life, and Android 7.0 Nougat OS, besides the fact that it’s available on Verizon, and would be available at AT&T, which few phones make it to. So, if you are at one of the above two carriers, where not many options are available, this is easily your best choice in the budget range.. What are your views on Samsung Galaxy J7 V (2017) ?. Let us know in the comments below.. galaxy j7 2017 Samsung Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Samsung Galaxy J7 2017V Specs Verizon. Which is why he's now one of those cliche guys with a camera around his neck at all times. When doing neither, you'll find him uber lazy and glued to Netflix.. How to get Google Lens ASAP on your phone once it starts rolling out?. How to fix Auto-Capitalization issue on Samsung Galaxy phones. When can deleted WhatsApp messages still be seen?. Galaxy S8 Oreo update problems and possible solutions. Top movies for kids available on Google Play Movies. Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Xiaomi Mi Band 3: Rumors, Specs, Release date and more. Facebook Smart Speaker: All you need to know. Top 5 drawing apps on Android for kids. Qualcomm Snapdragon 670 processor: All you need to know. Top movies for kids available on Google Play Movies. Copyright 2017 - The Android Soul. We’re hiring! Think you have got awesome writing skills,. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Original Verizon Retail Package. Includes A/C adapter and USB cable.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $20.05 Gift Card.. 1-Year Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage Includes Spills, Drops and Cracks. Free 2-Way Shipping For Repair and Replacement. 5 Business Day Depot Service Repair Guarantee (when Received in Depot Center, Subject to Replacement Parts Availability). Delivered By E-mail; See Product Description for Details Including Limitations and What is Not Covered. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Verizon Wireless - Silver. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Order now and we'll deliver when available. We'll e-mail you with an estimated delivery date as soon as we have more information. Your account will only be charged when we ship the item.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. With a large 5.5-inch HD screen, you won't miss a thing. Watch videos and view your favorite photos in rich detail with less need to zoom.. The 8MP camera's large aperture lets you take bright, clear photos, even in low-light conditions.. A long-lasting, 3,300 mAh, removable battery gives you up to 40 hours of usage to keep you powered up through the day.*. With 16GB† of built-in memory, you can store up to 4000 photos.‡ If that's not enough, boost your memory up to an additional 256GB with a micro SD card§. When you need to keep going through a busy day, Power Save Mode extends your battery life.. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: Samsung Galaxy J7 V Verizon Wireless - Silver $164.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7V (Verizon) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti… $6.99. Sold by Supershieldz and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Spigen Rugged Armor Galaxy J7 2017 Case, J7 Prime, J7 2017(AT&T), J7 Sky Pro, J7 Perx case with… $10.99. Sold by Spigen Inc and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7V (Verizon) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [3-PACK]-Mr Shield For Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 V (2017 Version ONLY) [Will Not Fit For 2015 and 2016 Version] [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 / J7 Prime / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, LK Ultra [Slim Thin] TPU Rubber Soft Skin Silicone Protective Case Cover (Clear). For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 / J7 Prime / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, LK [Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Armor Defender Protective Case Cover (Black). Mr Shield Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy J7 (2015 Version)[Will Not Fit For Galaxy S7] - 2-Pack. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Samsung "Galaxy J7" Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy J7 - Verizon Carrier Locked No Contract Prepaid Smartphone. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7V (Verizon) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Samsung Galaxy J7 Verizon Wireless - Silver (Certified Refurbished). Samsung Galaxy J3, Verizon LTE Prepaid (Black). $0.01 with 2 year contract Prime. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (32GB) G610F/DS - 5.5" Dual SIM Unlocked Phone with Finger Print Sensor (Black). 6 Month Financing: For a limited time, purchase $149 or more using the Amazon.com Store Card and pay no interest if paid in full within 6 months. Interest will be charged to your account from the purchase date if the promotional balance is not paid in full within 6 months. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 0.34 x 3 x 5.96 in. 3 x 0.31 x 5.96 in. 0.31 x 2.81 x 5.6 in. 0.2 x 2.96 x 6.11 in. 0.31 x 2.81 x 5.6 in. 0.36 x 3.12 x 5.99 in. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Verizon Wireless - Silver. Samsung Galaxy J7 - Verizon Carrier Locked No Contract Prepaid Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy J3, Verizon LTE Prepaid (Black). Motorola Moto Z Droid XT1650-01 Lunar Grey 32GB - Verizon Wireless. See the big picture with the Galaxy J7 V. Scroll and zoom less, thanks to the big 5.5-inch screen. Bigger than your average smartphone, but smaller than a tablet.. 3 x 0.3 x 6 inches. 10.1 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #32,644 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #140 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Carrier Cell Phones. Manufacturer’s warranty can be requested from customer service. Click here to make a request to customer service.. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 45% 4 star 22% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 33%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Perfect replacement for a Note!. This phone is absolutely incredible! I got it as a replacement for a family member who previously owned a Samsung Galaxy Note 3. She never used her S Pen, so I thought this phone would be a perfect fit. It was inexpensive, but it performs like a top tier Samsung phone. She is very happy with this phone and it's features. Big clear screen, decent processor and memory, and not a ton of bloatware. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good Budget Friendly phone with solid performance at this level.. Solid replacement phone for my son. That right size and build quality for an active teenager who isn't into the Apple ecosystem. We will need to add more memory because he likes to download every game possible in the Play Store! But performance is solid on memory intensive games for this budget friendly model.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Fast delivery. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Samsung Galaxy J7 V cell phone. Bought 2 of these phones yesterday, old phones were on their last legs. Purchased at Verizon kiosk at warehouse club, $230, with club discounts. Great tech, managed to get old dead phone working well enough to transfer all my contacts, apps, etc. Phone is thinner than old one, but with a slightly bigger screen. Still fits in the pocket in my purse that I prefer. Big plus, I can delete any app that comes pre-loaded. Great because 90% of what is pre-loaded is of no use to me. Small minus: I looked at the pre-loaded wallpapers, all 4 of them, and none are a solid color. I have vision issues, and a patterned background makes it hard for me to distinguish the icons. Basically, the wallpaper and the icons blend together. Just ordered a set of 4 double-ended styluses (I needed the finer point, but not an ink pen) from Amazon.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Do NOT get this phone! Seriously.. Seriously? What was Samsung thinking? This phone is not ready fpr market and is absolute garbage. Here is the story about this thing. I previously had an LG G3, which I got as a free phone at Costco over 3 years ago when free phones were a thing still. I decided to "upgrade" to a new phone because the LG was getting glitchy after the latest round of unnecessary updates. So I got this Samsung J7 V, to replace the G3, and it has been the worst phone decision of my life. I have had this J7 fpr only a couple of months and can definitely say this thing is awful as far as modern phones go. I expected that I would get a phone that would have more features than an old "free" phone, but nope. In fact this Samsung is even more glitchy than my 3 year of LG ever was. Here are the numerous problems: - slow transitions between apps - gets stuck in portrait mode and will not flip to landscape unless you restart the phone. This gets really frustrating in GPS or camera - no automatic screen brightness adjustment - transfer of contacts was abnormally tedious - no longer sends music meta data to my car's headunit when playing Pandora or music from memory, so I don't get any info on what song or artist is playing anymore. It worked great with my LG. - will spontaneously do a factory reset if an unknown combination of physical buttons gets pressed. Both mine and my wife's J7s did this. Mine ended up wiping its memory and corrupting the micro SD memory card with all of my documents and photos. This happened when I was navigating in an unfamiliar area of San Jose. The phone was mounted in my car's phone cradle and I guess it was in contact with the power and volume buttons. We managed to stop my wife's phone mid reset luckily. My old LG had just as good of a camera. - did I mention that this thing is slow? Seriously, sometimes it takes 4 or 5 seconds just to switch between messages and email. Are there any good points to this phone? Sure - screen is good and usually quite responsive unless apps freeze or act slowly - bluetooth sound quality is actually improved over my old phone. Overall this phone is a severe disappointment. I used to have a Samsung Galaxy S3 and loved that phone. Had an LG G3, and love that too. This phone has been a nightmare and I will be switching back to an LG phone.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great phone! (may need to replace sim though ...). Disclaimer: Have only owned for a day so I can not vouch for durability. However, the initial out of the box and setup experience using the phone was perfect. I bought this for my wife to replace her Samsung S6+ and do not see a real difference. After syncing everything from her old phone and playing with a few apps the response was just as good if not better. That could be because the S6+ has so much use and who knows what she had running in the background after a couple years lol, but I was impressed as this is a so-called budget phone. I especially like the removable battery and sd card the S6+ was missing. My only gripe (and reason for only 4 stars) is the SIM card that was shipped with the phone was not compatible! I had to drive to the Verizon Store and get one that was. After that it was smooth sailing. Phone was brand new in mint condition as well.. Was this review helpful to you?. Horrible phone! I've had it less than six months and it no longer charges. It says it's charging but 10 hours later it will not be charged. 1.0 out of 5 stars Horrible phone! I've had it less than six months .... This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy S5, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Samsung Galaxy J7 Verizon Wireless - Silver (Certified Refurbished). Sony Xperia L1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB - Black (US Warranty). Samsung Galaxy Note 4 N910T 32GB T-mobile 4G LTE Smartphone Black. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930P 32GB, Black Onyx - Sprint. Rugged Smartphone Unlocked, DOOGEE S60 Outdoor Phones - Android 7.0 - 5.2’’ FHD Screen - IP68 Waterproof Dustproof Shockproof - Helio P25 Octa-core - 5580mAh - 6GB RAM + 64GB ROM - 8MP+21MP - Black. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5370. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017, CDMA) / J7 Perx / J7 V. 720 x 1280 pixels 267 ppi. 3300 mAh LiIon Removable Talk: 40 hours max. 16 GB raw hardware 10.4 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 8+ megapixel LED flash panorama, HDR , night mode, manual mode, timer Video: 1080p HD. 5.96 x 3.01 x 0.34 in. 151 x 76 x 8.6 mm. Sprint version has LTE 12/25/26/41 and WCDMA 1/4/8 in place of LTE 13. Rating: M3, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Languages Supported: English, Spanish, German, French, Portuguese, Vietnamese, Korean, Chinese. Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.7, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.4, HID , PAN , MAP version 4.2. volume on left / lock on right. Card Type: microSD up to 256 GB. approved Jan 18, 2017 A3LSMJ727P ». approved Feb 2, 2017 A3LSMJ727R4 » A3LSMS727VL ». Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx product page ». Samsung Galaxy J7 V product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This minor update to the J7 has a larger battery and better processor, at the expense of NFC. Other features are similar, including a large 5.5-inch display, memory card slot, removable battery, and global roaming.. LTE 2 / 4 / 5 / 13. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Review: Samsung Galaxy J7 V for Verizon Wireless. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Samsung Manuals Cell Phone GALAXY J7 V User manual Samsung GALAXY J7 V User Manual. Related Manuals for Samsung GALAXY J7 V. Cell Phone Samsung J750 User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Galaxy J7 User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Galaxy J7 User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Galaxy J7 Getting Started Manual. Cell Phone Samsung J210 User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Jet S8000 2 GB User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Juke Glyde User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Jitterbug How-to Manual. Samsung j750: user guide (42 pages). Samsung jet cell phone user manual (97 pages). Samsung portable all digital mobile phone user manual (162 pages). Cell Phone Samsung Galaxy J SC-02F Instruction Manual. Cell Phone Samsung jitterbug5 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Galaxy J1 User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Galaxy J1 User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung GALAXY J1 User Manual. Cell Phone Samsung Galaxy J1 User Manual. Samsung jitterbug5 mobile phone (17 pages). Summary of Contents for Samsung GALAXY J7 V. Page 11: Set Up Your Device. Page 12: Assemble Your Device, Remove The Back Cover. Page 13: Install The Sim Card. Page 15: Replace The Back Cover, Charge The Battery. Page 16: When To Charge The Battery. Page 17: Start Using Your Device. Page 18: Set Up Your Device. Page 21: Add An Email Account, Set Up Your Voicemail. Page 35: Touchscreen Navigation, Touch And Hold. Page 45: Using Apps, Uninstall Apps. Page 54: Create An Event, Create A Task. Page 55: Delete A Task, Calendar Settings. Page 65: Share A Contact, Edit A Contact, Import Contacts. Page 70: Delete A Group, Contacts Settings. Page 76: Share Pictures And Videos. Page 87: Messages Settings, Emergency Alerts, Message Search. Page 92: Make A Call, Using The Dialer, From Contacts. Page 93: Decline With Message, Answer A Call, End A Call, Decline A Call. Page 97: Make An Emergency Call. Page 104: Compose A Note, Browse Notes. Page 106: Verizon Apps, Nfl Mobile. Page 109: How To Use Settings, Access Settings. Page 115: Pair With A Bluetooth Device. Page 117: Disconnect From A Bluetooth Device. Page 118: Unpair From A Bluetooth Device, Data Usage. Page 126: Advanced Calling, Location Services. Page 135: Notification Sounds, Do Not Disturb. Page 137: Sound Quality And Effects. Page 151: Remove A Memory Card. Page 152: Format A Memory Card, Language And Input, Change The Device Language. Page 154: Pointer Speed, Date And Time. Page 159: Set A Screen Lock. Page 160: Unknown Sources, Encrypt Sd Card. Page 161: Set Up Sim Card Lock, Security Update Service. Page 165: Synchronize Accounts, Add An Account. Page 166: Account Settings, Remove An Account. Page 167: Backup And Restore, Google Settings. Page 180: Intellectual Property, Open Source Software. S M A R T P H O N E User Manual Please read this manual before operating your device and keep it for future reference.. Table of Contents Special Features Navigation. .141 Set Up SIM Card Lock .. Special Features Learn about your mobile device’s special features.. Side Speaker This device features the speaker on the side of the device. Getting Started Learn about your mobile device hardware, assembly. procedures, and how to get started using. Set Up Your Device Learn how to set up your device for the first. Assemble Your Device Caution: When removing the back cover, use the slot next to the Volume key to gently lift the cover This section helps you to assemble your device. Pulling on the Speaker (located next to the Power. Install the SIM Card When you subscribe to a cellular network, you are provided with a plug-in SIM card. During activation, your SIM card is loaded with your subscription details, such as your Personal Identification Number (PIN), available optional services, and other features. Warning: Please be careful when handling the SIM. Install the Battery ► Slide the memory card into the slot with the gold contacts facing down. The battery is installed in the back of the device. Insert the battery into the opening on the back of the device, making sure the connectors align. Replace the Back Cover Charge the Battery The back cover should be replaced before using Your device is powered by a rechargeable, standard the. A USB charger (charging head and USB cable) is included with the device for charging the 1.. Caution: Use only charging devices and batteries When the battery level becomes too low, the device approved by Samsung. Samsung accessories are automatically turns off. designed for your device to maximize battery life. Using For a quick check of your battery level: other accessories may void your warranty and may cause damage.. To turn the device on: check for damage to the connected USB cable. Replace the damaged USB cable with a new ► Press and hold the Power key until the device Samsung-approved cable. • If using a wireless charger, do not place foreign.... Lock or Unlock Your Device Restart the Device Use your device’s screen lock features to secure your If your device stops responding to taps or finger gestures and you are unable to turn it off, you. By default, the device locks automatically when the ►.... Voice Assistant provides voice prompts and 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. descriptions of items on the screen to improve 2. Google Account Factory Reset Protection Your new device uses your Google Account to fully ™.... – or – Enable Factory Reset Protection Adding a Google Account to your device automatically To create a new Samsung account or set up your Samsung account on your device at any time, use turns on the Factory Reset Protection (FRP) security Accounts settings.. Use the Email app to view and manage all your email Easily transfer your photos, videos, music, apps and accounts in one. more with Samsung Smart Switch ™ When you turn on your device for the first time, set Get started today at samsungsmartswitch.com.. Learn About Your Device Learn some of the key features of your mobile device, including the screens and icons, as well as how to navigate the device and enter text using the keyboard.. Front View Microphone Earpiece Front camera Proximity sensors Volume keys Power key Recent apps Back Home key Learn About Your Device.... • • Proximity sensor Volume keys Turns off the screen and disables touch Adjust the volume for ringtones, calls, or functionality when the device is in close notifications. In the camera app, press a volume key to take Turns the screen back on and enables touch a. Back View Rear camera Speaker Flash Headset jack Microphone USB charger/Accessory port Learn About Your Device.... Home Screen Status bar App shortcuts Home screen indicator Learn About Your Device.... Status Bar The Status bar at the top of the Home screen provides device information (such as network status, battery charge, and time) on the right side and notification alerts on the left. Status Icons Battery full 4G LTE active ™.... Notification Icons Missed call New message Call in progress File download in progress Call on hold File upload in progress New email GPS active New Gmail App updates available New voicemail App updates complete Learn About Your Device.... Notifications Settings Quick settings View all Notification cards Learn About Your Device.... View the Notification Panel Quick Settings You can access the Notification panel from any In addition to notifications, the Notification panel also Home. provides quick access to device functions such as Wi-Fi, allowing you to quickly turn them on or off. Customize Your Home Screen Wallpapers and Themes Set visual themes for all system screens and icons on Screens your device. Change the look of the Home and Lock screens with wallpaper. You can display a favorite Your device comes with multiple Home screens to picture or choose from preloaded wallpapers.. Screen Grid To add a widget to a Home screen: Change the number of icons that can be placed on each 1. From a Home screen, pinch the screen. Home screen by changing the Screen grid dimensions. App Shortcuts To move a shortcut from one Home screen to another: 1. Touch and hold an app shortcut to release. You can use app shortcuts to launch an app from any Home screen. Drag the app shortcut to Move apps and release. Folders Remove a Folder from a Home Screen You can remove a folder that you added to a Place folders on a Home screen to organize items. Touch and hold the folder until it detaches. You can create an app folder on a Home screen.. Navigation Double-Tap Lightly tap items twice to select or launch them. Learn the basics for how to navigate through your • device. Double-tap an image to zoom in or out. Touchscreen Navigation Touch and Hold Please note that a touch screen responds best to a light Touch and hold items on the screen to activate them.. Drag Common Options Touch and hold an item, and then move it to a new The device uses basic command options to perform location. • • Drag an app shortcut to add it to a Home screen. options: Tap to view more menu options for a screen.. Entering Text Special Keys Text can be entered using a keyboard or by speaking. Keyboard Touch and hold Options for the following: Voice input: Enter text using Google Voice ™ Enter text using a QWERTY keyboard.. Predictive text can learn your personal writing To enable Google voice typing: style from your contacts, messages, Gmail, and 1. Tap Voice input on the Samsung keyboard. social networking sites — improving its accuracy • of predicting your text entries. You may need to touch and hold Options (left. • Configure Google Voice Typing Offline speech recognition: Download and install speech recognition engines, allowing you To customize Google voice typing: to use voice input while not connected to the 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. controls in the middle of the Multitask by using multiple applications at the window. Switch windows: Switch locations between Multi. ™ Close app: Close the selected app. Enable Multi Window You can also launch recently used apps directly into Multi window view. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Multi window have the Multi window icon. Tap Advanced features > Multi window. • When accessing for the first time, read the Emergency mode conserves your device’s remaining Terms. If you accept them, tap power when you are. Confirm Emergency mode saves battery power by: when. • Use Emergency Mode Features Estimated usage time remaining: Display estimated standby time that can be reached based While in Emergency mode, your device conserves on current battery charge and usage. The following apps and features are available on •.... Apps Learn how to change the way apps are displayed, organize apps into folders, and uninstall or disable apps.. Using Apps Download and Install New Apps Find new apps to download and install on your device. The Apps list displays all preloaded apps and apps that • you downloaded. You can uninstall, disable, or hide Play Store: Download new apps from the. To uninstall or disable an app: To change the order apps are listed: 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Apps that can be uninstalled or disabled display 2.. Use Folders To launch apps in a folder: ► Tap a folder, and then tap an app shortcut to You can organize App shortcuts in a folder on an Apps launch. From a Home screen, tap Apps > To delete a folder:. options for the following options: • Sort by size/name: Sort the apps by size or You can download and install new applications on your name. Application manager settings to manage • your downloaded and preloaded applications. Tap an application to view and update information Permissions: View permissions granted to the about the application. The following options are app for access to your device’s information. displayed: • Set as default: Set the app as a default for a •.... Tap the following features to see which apps have permission to access them: If you have multiple applications of the same type, such • Body sensors as email apps, you can select one app to be the default. • Set as default: Choose default apps for other functions. • Select which Home screen you want to use: Choose a Home screen type. • Phone assistance app: Choose an app that provides assistance for using your device. Calculator View Calculator History You can view and clear your Calculator history. The Calculator provides basic and advanced arithmetic functions. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Basic Operation • To return to the calculator, tap Keypad. You can use your calculator to perform basic •.... Calendar Calendar View To choose a calendar view: Manage your events and tasks. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap View, and then tap an option: • Add existing calendars to the Calendar app. Year: Display all twelve months of this year.. Create an Event Delete an Event You can use your Calendar to create events. You can delete events you create from your Calendar. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Delete a Task Calendar Settings You can delete tasks you create from your Calendar. These settings allow you to modify settings associated with using the Calendar. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Camera and Video Beauty Settings Gallery Take a picture Flash Record video Switch cameras Modes, camera, or effects Apps.... • Camera Shortcut To focus the shot, tap the screen. When you tap the screen, a brightness scale is displayed. Open the Camera by quickly pressing the Home key Slide the light bulb up or down to adjust the twice. Record Videos Rear camera • Auto: Allow the camera to evaluate the Record high-quality videos using your phone. surroundings and determine the ideal mode for the picture. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. • Pro: Manually adjust the ISO sensitivity, 2.. Front camera Rear camera • • Selfie: Take selfie shots and apply various Picture size: Select a resolution. Use higher effects, such as an airbrushed effect. Higher resolution pictures take up more memory. • Wide selfie: Take wide-angle selfie shots to fit •.... • • Ways to take pictures: Storage location: Select the memory location for storage. This option only appears if an Tap to take pictures: Tap the screen to take optional memory card (not included) is installed. • Volume key function: Use the Volume key Gesture control: Detect your palm and as. the camera key, the record key, or for system automatically take a picture two seconds.... Clock Alarm Set an alarm to ring at a specific time. The Clock app offers features for keeping track of time and setting alarms. From a Home screen, tap Apps > Clock. You can set one-time or recurring alarms, and choose options for how to be 2.. • World Clock Alarm tone and volume: Choose a sound to play for the alarm, and drag the slider to set the The World clock lets you keep track of the current time volume of the alarm. in multiple cities around the globe. • To remove a city from the main World clock screen: Resume: Continue timing after stopping the clock. From a Home screen, tap Apps > Clock. • Reset: Reset the Stopwatch to zero. Find the city to remove, and then touch and hold it Timer to select it.. • Contacts Choose a storage account for the contact. You can store the contact on the device or sync it Store and manage your contacts with the Contacts with an account. app, which can be synchronized with a variety of your •.... Edit a Contact Share a Contact 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. When editing a contact, you can tap a field and change or delete the information, or you can add more fields to 2. Tap the contact to select it, and then tap the contact’s list of information.. Export Contacts To link contacts: 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. If you are saving contacts to an account that does not automatically back them up to the Cloud, you can 2. Tap the contact to select it, and then tap manually back them up to an optional installed SD card. Mark Contacts as Favorites Delete Contacts When you mark contacts as favorites, they are easily You can delete a single contact or choose multiple accessible from other apps. Favorites display together contacts to delete. on the Favorites tab in the Phone app. • Groups Add member: Select contacts to add to the new group, and then tap Done. You can use groups to organize your contacts. device comes with preloaded groups, and you can create your own. You might create a group for your Add to or Remove Contacts from a Group family, for coworkers, or a team.. Edit a Group Send an Email to a Group You can rename a contact group. You can send an email to members of a group. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Delete a Group Preset groups cannot be deleted. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. options > Groups, and then tap the group to delete. Tap Group only to only delete the group or tap Group and members to delete the group and the contacts in the groups.. • Email If manually entering recipients, enter additional recipients by separating each entry with a Use the Email app to view and manage all your email semicolon (;). More recipients can be added at accounts in one app. To add an email account, see “Add any time before the message is sent.. Manage the Inbox View Multiple Email Accounts You can view email you receive for multiple accounts There are several tools available from the Inbox screen. on the Combined inbox screen or you can view email ► From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Remove Email Accounts To remove an email account: 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap the account to be removed. Email Settings These settings allow you to modify settings associated with using the Email app.. When viewing a picture: • Swipe left or right to view the next or previous View, edit, and manage pictures and videos. • Favorite to mark the picture as a View Pictures favorite, and then access it from the Favorites Launching Gallery displays available folders.. Tap a video to view it. Tap Play video to play the video. You can edit pictures stored on your device. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap a picture to view it. You can trim segments of a video.. Share Pictures and Videos Direct Share You can share pictures and videos from your Gallery. Share content with specific people directly using the sharing panel from within any app. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Delete Pictures and Videos Take a Screenshot You can delete pictures and videos stored on your Capture an image of your screen. create a Screenshots album in the Gallery app. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Google Apps Drive Open, view, rename, and share your Google. Docs ™ Enjoy these apps from Google. Certain apps require a Google Account. Visit google.com ► From a Home screen, tap Apps > Google folder. Visit drive.google.com to learn more about Chrome Google. Gmail Maps Send and receive email with Gmail, Google’s web-based Find your current location and get directions and other email service. ► From a Home screen, tap Apps > Google folder. > ► From a Home screen, tap Apps > Google folder. Store Watch movies and TV shows purchased from Google Find new apps, movies and TV shows, music, books, Play. You can stream them instantly or download them magazines, and games in Google Play store. for viewing when you are not connected to the Internet. Message+ • Attach to attach an item, such as a postcard, picture, video, audio recording, This section describes how to create and send a Glympse location, location, contact card, or message using the Verizon Messages app. • Emoticon to insert emoticons into your Create and Send Messages message.. To access a new message: 3. Tap the Type a message field and then type your reply message. ► Drag your finger down from the Status bar to display the Notification panel, and then tap the 4. When the message is complete, tap Send.. Delete Conversations Protect a Message from Deletion You can delete all the messages you’ve exchanged with You can lock a message so that it will not be deleted another person. even if you delete the other messages in the conversation. Learn how to send and receive different messages video, and audio messages) to and from other mobile using the Samsung Messages app on your device. To use this feature, you may need to subscribe to your service provider’s multimedia message service.. Tap the Enter message field to enter a message. • Attach: Add images, audio, and more to your This section describes how to create and send a message. • Emoticon: Choose an available emoticon 1.. Send SOS Messages View New Messages Send a message with your location to designated When you receive a new message,. message contacts when you are in an emergency situation. To enable SOS messages: To view the message: 1.. Delete Messages Messages Settings To delete messages, follow these steps: Configure the settings for text messages, multimedia messages, push messages, and more. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. There are three types of Emergency alerts: • Alerts issued by the President • Alerts involving imminent threats to safety of life (extreme and severe) • AMBER alerts (missing child alert) Users may choose not to receive Imminent alerts (extreme and severe) and AMBER alerts. Note: Alerts issued by the President cannot be disabled.. From a Home screen, tap Apps > Documents: View document files. Downloads: View all apps and files that have 2. Tap a category to view the relevant files or folders. My Files Options Use My File options to search, edit, clear file history, and more. ► From a Home screen, tap Apps > Samsung. The following options are available: • Search: Search for a file or folder. Phone More options Voicemail Voice command Hide the keypad Video call Call Apps.... Make a Call From Recents All incoming, outgoing, and missed calls are recorded You can make a call from a Home screen. If the number or caller is listed in your contacts list, the associated name is also displayed. Answer a Call Decline with Message ► On the incoming call screen, drag Send message When a call is received, the phone rings and the caller’s upward and select a message. phone number or name is displayed, if it is stored. While on a Call To end a call from any application: ► Drag the Status bar down to display the Notification Adjust the Call Volume panel, and then tap End call. ► Press the Volume keys to increase or decrease the Switch to Headset or Speaker volume.. – or – The numbers of the calls you have dialed, received, or missed are stored in the Call log. If you want to replace the number for an existing contact, tap Update existing. Block a Number Create a Speed Dial By adding a caller to your Block list, future calls from You can assign 999 speed dial numbers. this number are sent directly to your voicemail, and 1. From a Home screen, tap Phone.. Emergency Calls Make a Call with Speed Dial You can make a call using Speed dial. You can dial the emergency telephone number in your region regardless of the phone’s cellular service status. From a Home screen, tap Phone. Voicemail Make an Emergency Call from a Locked. Screen Use your phone’s voicemail feature. The emergency telephone number can be dialed even if For information on setting up voicemail, see the phone is locked, allowing anyone to use your phone “Set Up Your Voicemail” on page. to call for help in an emergency.. From Another Phone To make Video calls: You can access your voicemail from another phone. From another phone, dial your wireless phone 2. Wait until you hear your voicemail Note: Not all devices support video calling.. Phone Settings To access settings: ► From a Home screen, tap Phone >. From a Home screen, tap Apps > Use S Health to plan, track, and manage your health Samsung. goals and activities, including exercise, sleep, and 2. Read and accept the terms and conditions.. Before beginning your exercise regimen check with your doctor if you have symptoms suggestive of heart, lung, or other serious disease, such as: • Pain or discomfort in your chest, neck, jaw, or arms during physical activity; • Dizziness or loss of consciousness; •.... Samsung Gear Connect your device to your Samsung Gear using this application. ► From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap a note to view it. You can create notes using the Samsung. Tap the content and make edits. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. More options for the following options: • Edit: Select notes to share, delete, or move. • Sort by: Change the way notes are organized. • List/Grid view: Switch between List view and Grid view. • Settings: View settings for the Samsung. Verizon Apps My Verizon View details and manage your Verizon Wireless Enjoy these apps from Verizon. Certain apps require a data plan or paid subscription. ► From a Home screen, tap Apps > Verizon folder. > Visit verizonwireless.com to learn more or contact your. VZ Navigator Find, share, and navigate to millions of locations, avoid traffic and drive, or walk with ease. ► From a Home screen, tap Apps > Verizon folder. Settings Configure your device’s connections and settings, add. accounts, and customize Home screens, apps, and. options > View as standard list to view settings individually such as Airplane mode, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. Access Settings This manual assumes the standard list when referring There are a couple of ways to access your device to settings.. Customize Quick Settings To edit the Quick settings list: 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Quick settings are the settings that you are most likely to frequently use. • To create a Quick settings list: Choose additional settings to display in your Quick settings menu.. Connections Manage connections between your device and a variety of networks and other devices.. Wi‑Fi Manually Connect to a Wi‑Fi. Network You can connect your device to a Wi-Fi network Wi-Fi is a term used for certain types of Wireless Local manually. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. • Wi-Fi Options WPS push button: Set up a connection to a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) router or other The Wi-Fi settings menu allows you to set up many of equipment. • WPS PIN entry: View the PIN used by your device 1.. Wi‑Fi Direct Send and Receive Data with Wi‑Fi Direct Share data with another device using Wi‑Fi Direct. Wi-Fi Direct allows direct device-to-device connections using Wi-Fi, without having to connect to a Wi-Fi 1. Connect your phone to the device using Wi-Fi network.. Bluetooth Due to different specifications and features of other Bluetooth‑compatible devices, display and operations Bluetooth is a short-range communications technology may be different, and functions such as transfer or that connects your device wirelessly to a number of exchange may not be possible with all Bluetooth Bluetooth devices, such as headsets and hands-free car compatible devices.. Tap the name of the target device when you see it displayed in the Bluetooth devices section. Bluetooth • Your device automatically tries to pair with the Use Bluetooth to transfer information between your target device. If automatic pairing fails, enter phone and another Bluetooth‑enabled device.. Tap a device from the “Paired devices” list. • Share data with another device using Bluetooth. When the device is connected to your phone,. Bluetooth connected is displayed in the 1. When another device attempts to send a file to your status bar.. Unpair from a Bluetooth Device Turn Data Saver On or Off When you unpair from a Bluetooth device, the two Data saver prevents some apps from sending or devices no longer recognize each other. To connect receiving data in the background, as well as reduce the again, you have to pair the devices.. Turn Mobile Data On or Off Create an Alert for Mobile Data Usage Enable or disable mobile data use on your phone. Receive alerts when mobile data use reaches a warning 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Airplane Mode Additional Mobile Data Usage Options Airplane mode disconnects your device from all Configure more options for mobile data usage. networks and turns off connectivity features, such as phone calls and Wi‑Fi. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Mobile Hotspot Connect a Device to Your Mobile. Hotspot Activate Mobile hotspot to allow other devices to use Use the other device’s Wi-Fi control to connect to your device’s Internet connection. Note: You must have a tethering plan on your service 1.. Change the Mobile Hotspot Note: Using your device as a Mobile hotspot consumes battery power and uses data service. While Mobile Password hotspot is active, your device’s applications use the You can change your Mobile hotspot password. Roaming while using your device as a Mobile hotspot incurs extra data charges.. • Configure Mobile Hotspot Settings Show advanced options: Access advanced options, including Broadcast channel, and to Manage your Mobile hotspot security and connecting specify the channel your device uses for Mobile settings. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tethering Mobile Networks You can use Bluetooth or USB tethering to share your Control your device’s access to networks and mobile device’s Internet connection with a computer. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... • Location Battery saving: Uses Wi‑Fi and mobile networks (no GPS). Some apps, such as Google Maps, may require • Phone only: Uses GPS only. one or more location services be turned on for full functionality. Tap Improve accuracy to use other connections for determining your location: •.... Tap Google Location History and sign in to your Google Account for more options. Apps that have requested your location are listed under Advanced Calling Recent location requests. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. This will be used whenever an emergency call is placed over Wi‑Fi. Wi-Fi Calling lets your device make and receive voice Once the address is saved successfully, Wi-Fi and video calls over a Wi-Fi Internet connection Calling is turned on.. Nearby Device Scanning Printing Scan for nearby devices to connect to and set them Print images and documents to Samsung printers and up easily. You receive a notification when there are other compatible printers (not. Set Up and Manage a VPN Connect to or Disconnect from Your. VPN Use the VPN settings menu to add, edit, or delete a VPN connection to your device. Once you have set up a VPN connection, connecting to and disconnecting from the VPN is easy. Change Carrier Activate your Verizon phone on another network. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Data Plan View your Verizon account information. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Sounds and Vibration Configure the sounds and vibrations used to indicate notifications, screen touches, and other interactions.. Sound Mode Easy Mute You can switch between sound modes, while preserving Mute sounds and video by covering the screen or the individual sound settings you have made. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Vibration Pattern Set the Volume Choose from preset vibration patterns or create your Set the Ringtone volume from a Home screen by own pattern. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Ringtone Media Volume Limiter Limit the maximum output of the device’s volume. You Choose from preset ringtones or add your own. can also set a PIN to prevent unauthorized users from 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Notification Sounds Do Not Disturb Choose a sound for notifications, such as for new This setting allows you to block all notifications and messages and event reminders. The options below determine what notifications can make sounds, and during what time periods you 1.. Screen lock sounds: Play a sound when you unlock the screen. • Keyboard sound: Play a sound when the • Emergency tone: Set the emergency tone to Samsung keyboard is tapped. • Charging sound: Play a sound when a charger is connected. Tap On/Off to enable each option: • Effects Surround: Recreate the effects of rich surround sound. You can enable sound effects when connected to • Tube Amp Pro: Simulate the soft timbre of a a headset. Sound effects are only available when tube amplifier.. Notifications Select which apps you want to receive alerts from. Block App Notifications Customize App Notifications Block notifications for apps. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Customize notification settings for each application individually. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap On/Off next to an app or All apps to enable or disable notifications.. Smart Alert Set the device to vibrate when you pick it up to notify you about missed calls and messages. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap Advanced features > Smart alert, and tap On/Off to enable. Display Configure your display’s brightness, screen timeout delay, and other display. Screen Brightness Screen Zoom and Font Adjust the screen brightness to suit your surroundings You can set the screen zoom level and the font size and or personal preference. Home Screen To enable Easy mode: 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Customize your Home screen by adding application 2. shortcuts, widgets, folders, and using wallpapers. Tap Easy mode to enable this feature. Icon Frames Status Bar You can show icons with shaded frames to make them Configure display options for the Status bar. stand out on the Home screen and Apps. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... Tap Preview to see a demonstration of Screen. Screen saver controls what is displayed on the screen One‑Handed Mode when the device is docked (dock not included) or while charging. You can choose to display colors or photos. Change the screen layout to accommodate operating 1.. Wallpapers and Themes You can change the appearance of your device with custom wallpapers, themes, and. Wallpapers Themes Change the look of the Home and Lock screens with Set the theme to be applied to your Home and Lock wallpaper. You can display a favorite picture or choose screens, wallpapers, and app icons. Device Maintenance Device maintenance provides an overview of the status of your device’s battery, storage, and device security. You can also automatically optimize your device’s system resources.. options > Advanced settings: Configure advanced battery settings and notifications, View how battery power is used for device activities. such as showing a battery percentage in the Status bar. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap Internal storage if an optional SD card is Other: The space used by app data, downloaded installed. Device storage used out of the total space files, and Android system files. Memory Card (SD Card) Remove a Memory Card Warning: To prevent damage to information stored on Once an optional memory card (not included) has been the memory card, unmount the card before removing it installed in your device, the card memory is displayed from the device.. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Warning: When formatting an SD card, you should back 2. Tap Language and input > Language. up your music and photo files that are stored on the 3.. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Preferred TTS engine: Choose either the Samsung or Google Text‑to‑speech engine. Tap Physical keyboard, and select an option: options.. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Configure pointer speed for an optional mouse or 2. The following options are trackpad (not. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Report Diagnostic Info Reset Settings You can reset your device to its factory default settings, This feature sends diagnostic information about your which resets everything except the security, language, device when you are having technical problems. Factory Data Reset Warning: If you reset your Google Account password, it can take 24 hours for the password reset to sync with You can reset your device to factory defaults, erasing all all devices registered to the account. Before resetting your device: This action permanently erases ALL data from the 1.. System Updates Check for and install available software updates for your device. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap System updates > Check for system updates. Lock Screen and Security Secure your device and protect your data with Lock Screen and Security settings.. Select your notification preferences, if you choose a secured lock screen option: It is recommended that you secure your device using • Show content a Screen lock. Options vary based on the screen lock • type.. Lock your private content and apps to enhance security. Require a numeric PIN or password to decrypt your You must sign in to your Samsung account in order to optional memory card (not included) when you first use Secure Folder. You must also set a secure lock for access it after powering on your device.. • Display password characters briefly as you type them. Send security reports: Use Wi-Fi to send security reports to Samsung for threat analysis. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap Lock screen and security > Other security settings >.... From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Tap Lock screen and security > Other security Manage your phone administrators and application settings for the following Credential storage installation privileges. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... • Advanced Security Usage data access: View the applications that can access your device’s usage history. Settings • Notification access: View the applications that can access notifications you receive on your Use these options to configure advanced security device. Accounts Set up and manage accounts, including your Google Account, Samsung account, email, and social networking accounts.. Add an Account Synchronize Accounts You can synchronize your calendar, contacts, and other You can add and manage all your email, social types of accounts. networking, and picture and video sharing accounts. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Account Settings Remove an Account Each account has its own set of settings. In addition, You can remove accounts from your device. you can configure common settings for all accounts of 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. Backup and Restore Google Settings Back up your data to your Google Account. Google Account Customize Google Enable backup of your information to your To customize your Google settings: Google. From a Home screen, tap Apps >.... • Nearby: Use your device’s sensors to connect with nearby devices. • Search & Now: Configure your Google search settings and Google Now settings. ™ • Set up nearby device: Set up another device using Wi‑Fi and Bluetooth. Note: These options may change if you are signed in to your Google. Accessibility Accessibility services are special features that make using the device easier for those with certain physical disabilities. For more information about Accessibility for Samsung products, please contact us at accessibility@sea.samsung.com.. You can turn on Accessibility features to assist with • visual aspects of the device. High contrast keyboard: Adjust the size of the Samsung keyboard and change its colors to 1. From a Home screen, tap Apps >. increase the contrast between the keys and the 2.. • • Color inversion: Reverse the display of colors Samsung subtitles (CC): Use Samsung subtitles from white text on a black background to black with multimedia files when available. • Google subtitles (CC): Use Google subtitles with •.... • More Accessibility Touch and hold delay: Select a time interval for this action. Settings • Auto click after pointer stops: If you use a mouse with your device, tap On/Off to enable To set more accessibility settings: this option, which causes your device to 1.. • Answering and ending calls: Select shortcuts for answering and ending calls. • Single tap mode: Dismiss or snooze alarms, calendar events, and timer alerts, and answer or reject incoming calls with a single tap. Accessibility Services Certain accessibility services you install may be listed and configured under Services.. Other Settings Configure features on your device that make it easier to use.. Status: View the status of the battery, network, and other information about your device. • Legal information: View legal notices and other legal information, including your embedded Samsung legal information. • Phone name: View and change your device’s name. Getting Help Additional resources for your device.. Videos samsung.com/spsn Simulators samsungsimulator.com/ Tips samsung.com/us/support/tips/galaxy/ Samsung Support samsung.com/us/support Verizon Glossary verizonwireless.com/support/glossary Getting Help.... Legal View legal information for your. Full written terms and detailed information about Important legal information can be accessed in writing, the warranty and obtaining service are available on the mobile device, or at: samsung.com on the device at: Settings > About device > READ THIS INFORMATION BEFORE USING YOUR Legal. Intellectual Property remain with SAMSUNG and its suppliers. All Intellectual Property, as defined below, owned by or which is otherwise the property of Samsung or its Open Source Software respective suppliers relating to the SAMSUNG Phone, Some software components of this product, including including but not limited to, accessories, parts, or but not limited to ‘PowerTOP’.... Except as set forth in the express warranty contained In addition, Samsung shall not be liable for any on the warranty page enclosed with the product, the damages of any kind resulting from the purchase or purchaser takes the product “as is”, and Samsung.... Samsung Knox is Samsung’s security platform and is incompatibilities caused by your editing of registry a mark for a Samsung device tested for security with settings, or your modification of Operating System enterprise use in mind. Additional licensing fee may be (OS) software.. The available capacity may change when you Phone: 1-800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) upgrade the device. Internet: samsung.com ©2017 Samsung Electronics America, Inc. Samsung, Samsung Galaxy, Multi Window, S. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Patricia Rogers Jan 12, 2018 02:20:. Susie Cagle Dec 31, 2017 08:53:. Doris Harris Jul 27, 2017 12:21:. Doris Harris Jul 19, 2017 01:09:. My husband and I bought two Galaxy J7V phones. Both of us are in our sixties and have never used a smartphone before. I was expecting a user manual to be included in the box and was very disappoint​ed that it wasn't. I went online and found out that we would have to buy a manual in order to know how to use our phones or have to print 183 pages! I think this policy is wrong. We paid a lot of money for these phones and all the extras needed to protect them. The least Verizon could do is offer a free user guide to those who need one! I would appreciate a reply to this comment.. Please send me a user's manual. I want to buy a manual for my phone. I don't want to print one off my computor. Please let me know a number or address to do this.. I would like to know the phone number to where I can call and order a User guide booklet. I don't want to print offof the comptor there are two many pages.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The Samsung Galaxy J7 V is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 5.5-inch TFT display and a resolution of 1280x720. From within, there is a 2.2GHz Octa-Core processor with onboard storage of 16GB and a microSD card slot for up to 256GB memory expansion. The device has an 8-megapixel camera on the back with 1080p HD video recording. In front, there is another 5-megapixel camera for selfies and video calls. Upon release, this phone runs on Android 7.0 Nougat OS and comes with a 3,300 mAh battery.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Samsung Galaxy Luna Pro Was: $99.99 Now: $49.99.. Samsung Galaxy S7 Was: $499 Now: $299.. Deal of the Day: Save big on a 40-Inch Samsung 4K Smart TV Was: $649.99 Now: $319.99.. Get $200 off Galaxy 8 or Galaxy 8+. Samsung Galaxy Luna (S120VL) Reconditioned Was: $49.99 Now: $19.99.. Samsung Galaxy S6 Was: $299.99 Now: $149.99.. Samsung Galaxy Sky (S320VL) Reconditioned Was: $49.99 Now: $29.99.. Samsung Galaxy Luna Was: $79.99 Now: $49.99.. Samsung Galaxy S8 - Gray, Black, or Silver with Airtime Card Bundle Was: $659.99 Now: $459.99.. Samsung Galaxy S7 with airtime card bundle Was: $399.99 Now: $299.99.. LG K20 V LG Stylo 3 PLUS ZTE Majesty Pro ZTE Z233VL. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 13 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 10 hours ago. 1 week 9 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 5.96 x 3.01 x 0.34 inches (151.5 x 76.4 x 8.6 mm). Weight 5.9 oz (167 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus, CMOS image sensor. Software Features Touch to focus, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 40.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 12.0 days (288 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13. Data LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s). CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other ANT+, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: A3LSMJ727V link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $160 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Samsung Galaxy J7 V - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». Anon., 10 Feb 2018 Get rid of the bloatware or load a custom Rom, that will make it more enjoyable available for suggestions, but i have installed only 9 extra apps,. Anonymous, 25 Sep 2017 I don't see what's so bad about this phone. It's never lagged for me and it has a really great... BLD, 09 Feb 2018 This phone has ONLY 1,7 gb Ram and 1,4 is loaded when phone is idle, what a shame Get rid of the bloatware or load a custom Rom, that will make it more enjoyable. This phone has ONLY 1,7 gb Ram and 1,4 is loaded when phone is idle, what a shame. ODS5, 28 Dec 2017 Actually - its the J727P, from BoostMobile under Sprint network. Can someone please show me l... more Can someone please help me get this J727P unlock - PLEASE ANYONE.. Vz guy, 11 Dec 2017 Verizon doesn't lock their phones. Only catch with prepaid phones is if you want to use it for... it's a good cell phone but the back camera supposed to be 13mp front 8mp. Actually - its the J727P, from BoostMobile under Sprint network. Can someone please show me link how to unlink it without cost - pls and thank you.. ODS, 01 Sep 2017 Hello -. Can someone help me point to the link that will successfully unlock this J7 V 727p, ... more Verizon doesn't lock their phones. Only catch with prepaid phones is if you want to use it for postpaid, the phone has to be on prepaid for 6 months of continuous use.. Great price for one of the few pre paid offerings that offers WiFi calling. Thank you Verizon! I love it, so far.. Good soc (snapdragon 625) worst memory(ram+rom) and camera come on samsung can you least make a good soc and camera for low price?. I don't see what's so bad about this phone. It's never lagged for me and it has a really great processing speed so it's good for games, I never have terrible lag during the camera, and it's great for multitasking between two or three apps. You guys just need to learn to optimize your devices correctly.. Chad50662, 21 Aug 2017 Expensive phone with mediocre features. The camera is horrible and the phone freezes alot when... more I totally agree! This is my least favorite. of all of the phones I have ever owned. and I have had cell phones for about 30 years, and never had one I disliked so much, except maybe iPhones!. Can someone help me point to the link that will successfully unlock this J7 V 727p, please... I got myself the J7-727P model for under $130 in the last 3 weeks. Good enough reason to get it and try out the Nougat 7.0 OS. Compared to my J7 2015 J700T1 (at the time got it for $149 ) running 6.0.1, this J7 V have better CPU + GPU chipset and battery offerings. It does last over 40+ hours from fully charge on normal use, as long as you keep the display to 20-25% of illumination, which for me is visually see-able even in low light. The complaints I do have is the sluggishness in performance and the camera. I think its because of the network locked bloatware that's causing this performance issue. I do plan to unlock it and root and would make it a pocket-rocket. The camera as carried over from the S5 Neo model, a bit outdated, compared to the other J7 models carrying 13M lens. Will let you know more update once I get this unlock and rooted ..... anyone know what the proper to make it happen - appreciate your feedback as I've supplied mine here.. The camera is horrible and the phone freezes alot when using the crappy camera. Battery is good though and it's dual band WiFi is nice. Other than that, this phone should cost half as much for what it has. My last Samsung I will ever own.. Gsmarena says talktime is 40 hours nd music play is 156 hours. Is this totally wrong because i use j7 2016 nd it's talktime and music is respectively 24 hours and 96 hours and about battery and display size is same like 3300 mah and 5.5 inch but very ugh different between them. In j7 2016 super amold display and j7 v have ips lcd. So who is wrong, me or gsmarena ??????. Anonymous, 05 Aug 2017 You do realize that this phone is not a mid range mid phone?. It is meant to be low end phone ... more And do you realize also that any J7 series are classfied as 'Mid-to-Upper' class smartphones. The J3 and J5 will just be low-end to middle class topping to what the early J7 specs were.. How many J7s are there??? Don't Samsung have any other name for thier mid-rangers?. anonymous, 20 Jul 2017 embarassing really embarassing. lost the dignity of j7 series. You do realize that this phone is not a mid range mid phone?. It is meant to be low end phone for other consumers/ buyers. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 34 user reviews and opinions for Samsung Galaxy J7 V .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt. Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Phone Screen Protectors. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Mobovida Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner. Attach this cleaning cloth directly to your device, and never deal with a nasty screen again! Innovative design works to make sure you don’t have any residue or sticky spots - and always have access! Whether you’re at a concert, sporting event, or a night in with friends, now you can always be ready to snap the perfect photo! Microfiber material won’t leave any lint behind, and its non abrasive surface doesn’t leave scratches on the screen. Keep your devices disinfected and screens clear from fingerprints and grime! Specifically manufactured for delicate device screens, this is the cleaner you’ve been waiting for. Works on Smartphones, tablets, E-readers and computer screens. Chemical-free, you can rest assured this is safe for all ages and devices! Reusable, you can even recharge the adhesive by soaking the sticker in warm, clean water. It’s time to keep your screens clean all year round, and this is the easiest way to do it!. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Screen Protector, Clear. High-quality, transparent film for the Device. Leaves behind no sticky residue when removed. Does not interfere with touch screen usability. Prevents scratches, reduces glare and repels dust. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Clear. Shatterproof your screen for less than $10. Made from real reinforced glass panes. Ultra thin: you won't notice it on your phone. Self-adhesive backing applies effortlessly in seconds. The ultimate peace of mind - avoid destroying your Device. Includes cleaning cloth and preparation pad. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Full Edge Colored Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Mandala Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Purple. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Mandala Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Teal Green. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Large Rose Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Pink. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Rainbow Butterflies Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Multi-Color. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Twin Butterflies Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Pink. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Cherry Blossom Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Pink/Green. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Soccer Ball Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, White/Black. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Basketball Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Orange. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Rose Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Yellow. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Cactus Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, Green/Yellow. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. Samsung Galaxy J7 V -Baseball Design Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner, White. Sticks to device and Flat smooth surface. 
Manuals Brands Samsung Manuals Cell Phone GALAXY J7 V Samsung GALAXY J7 V Manuals. Manuals and User Guides for Samsung GALAXY J7 V.. We have 1 Samsung GALAXY J7 V manual available for free PDF download: User Manual. Samsung GALAXY J7 V User Manual (183 pages). Brand: Samsung | Category: Cell Phone | Size: 4.37 MB. Set Up Your Device 11 ................................................................................................................................................................. Remove The Back Cover 12 ................................................................................................................................................................. Install The Sim Card 13 ................................................................................................................................................................. Replace The Back Cover 15 ................................................................................................................................................................. When To Charge The Battery 16 ................................................................................................................................................................. Start Using Your Device 17 ................................................................................................................................................................. Add An Email Account 21 ................................................................................................................................................................. Set Up Your Voicemail 21 ................................................................................................................................................................. Share Pictures And Videos 76 ................................................................................................................................................................. Make An Emergency Call 97 ................................................................................................................................................................. How To Use Settings 109 ................................................................................................................................................................. Pair With A Bluetooth Device 115 ................................................................................................................................................................. Disconnect From A Bluetooth Device 117 ................................................................................................................................................................. Unpair From A Bluetooth Device 118 ................................................................................................................................................................. Sound Quality And Effects 137 ................................................................................................................................................................. Remove A Memory Card 151 ................................................................................................................................................................. Format A Memory Card 152 ................................................................................................................................................................. Change The Device Language 152 ................................................................................................................................................................. Set A Screen Lock 159 ................................................................................................................................................................. Set Up Sim Card Lock 161 ................................................................................................................................................................. Related Products for Samsung GALAXY J7 V. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=19869. Review: Samsung Galaxy J7 V for Verizon Wireless. This mid-range Android handset is a throwback to Samsung's heritage line of smartphones. It offers a big screen and an even bigger battery wrapped up in a plastic shell. If you're a Verizon customer and need to save some green, the Samsung Galaxy J7 V is affordable and pleasing in its own way. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. The Galaxy J7 V for Verizon Wireless is an update to Samsung's mid-range device. The J7 V's looks may be somewhat dated, but the handset is far more affordable than Samsung's flagships. If you're a Samsung fan and want a simpler, cheaper smartphone the Galaxy J7 V might fit the bill.. If you think the Galaxy J7 V looks familiar, you wouldn't be wrong. It's a bit of a throwback to the appearance of much older Samsung phones. This mid-sized slab masquerades as a metal mobile, though it's made mostly of plastic. I'd call the design conservative almost to a fault.. The phone features 2.5D curved glass that's set into a polycarbonate chassis. A gray background frames the display and chrome accents here and there catch the light. The front of the chassis has a chamfered edge that's not quite shiny. The rear panel has a metallic paint that gives it a bit of reflectivity. A dark band crosses the rear to help break up the panel some.. The J7 V is fairly big. Thanks to its 5.5-inch screen, it's about the same size as an LG V30 or iPhone 8 Plus. People with very small hands may find it to be too big. The plastic body helps keep the phone's weight down. It's comfortable to hold and use over time. I didn't run into any trouble stuffing it into pants pockets, but it may not work with the tightest jeans.. The J7 V is no S8. It feels better than the cheap plastic Samsung phones of yore, and yet you'll know you're using an inexpensive device. The phone appears to be assembled well as I didn't spot any unevenness in the seams or joins.. The glass front panel is curved along the edges and the rim that protected the screen of last year's J7 V is gone. That means you'll need to take care when setting the phone face down. The size of the gray frame that surrounds the display is in line with other mid-range handsets. The home button has just enough profile to help your thumb locate it without looking. It requires a lot of travel to push this button and feedback is a bit clacky. Two capacitive keys flank the home button. Samsung positions the app switcher on the left and back on the right. Samsung improved the volume toggle when compared to last year's phone. It's about an inch long and you'll find it high on the left edge of the phone. The travel and feedback situation is a lot like the home button: it feels fine to press but products a loud clacking sound. The screen lock button is smaller and over on the right edge. It has an excellent profile and good travel and feedback. The phone has two things on the bottom edge you won't find on many devices these days: a micro USB port and a proper headphone jack.. The Galaxy J7 V is not a rugged device, nor is it water resistant.. The rear panel is flat and smooth. A dark gray band running across the top gives the J7 V just a wee bit of personality. It contains the camera module and dual LED flash. The way this band is designed, however, makes it look like a kickstand. I seriously thought I could flip it out and prop the phone up on a table. The left side of the band has a small slit that looks like a notch for your thumbnail. It's actually the speaker for the speakerphone, which makes it one of the oddest placements I've ever seen for a speaker.. You'll be happy to learn that the rear cover can be removed and so can the battery. Each is easy to interact with. The SIM card slot is buried next to the battery, while the microSD slot is easy to access without pulling the battery.. Samsung did a good job with the design of this mid-ranger. The hardware isn't perfect, but I suspect it will be good enough for most people in the market for a device such as this.. The J7 V has a 5.5-inch display with 720p resolution. I wish Samsung had improved the resolution to 1080p, as a screen this large is screaming for more pixels. In casual use you probably won't see individual pixels, but I did notice them on occasion. Icons, text, and graphics sometimes looked a bit rough around the edges. On the flip side, the LCD display is very, very bright. I was able to use the phone outdoors with no problem. Colors are oversaturated a bit, which is the norm for Samsung's screens. There's little change in brightness and no blue shift when viewing from an angle.. The screen includes an "outdoor mode" that boosts screen brightness for a period of 15 minutes. Honestly, I didn't see much difference between the normal max brightness setting and "outdoor mode.". No fingerprint-resistant coating means the display gets gross quickly.. The J7 V performed on par with other devices I've tested on Verizon's network. The phone always held onto LTE 4G in my neck of the woods, even under the worst network conditions. The J7 V was consistently able to make and receive calls, and didn't drop any during my tests (even at highway speeds). Data speeds are fine for most tasks, but could be a bit faster. You won't have trouble browsing the web, downloading apps, or playing most online games, but network-intense activities like streaming video resulted in some buffering and pauses. Still, the J7 V did fine for this class of device.. Samsung engineered a fine voice phone in the Galaxy J7 V. The earpiece pushes plenty of sound and allows you to hear calls pretty much everywhere. I had no problem at all carrying conversations in loud coffee shops, city streets, and other noisy spaces. Voices sound good, with a warm timbre that I appreciated. There's no distortion in the earpiece at all, even with the volume cranked all the way up. People I spoke to through the J7 V said I sounded very good.. It's not quite loud enough, it is prone to distortion, and voices are a bit robotic-sounding. You can make use of the speakerphone in quiet spaces at home or the office, but it's not punchy enough for calls anywhere noisy.. Ringers and alerts did their job and consistently notified me when there were incoming calls or messages. The J7 V has a relatively large 3,300mAh battery. The phone easily pushed from breakfast to bedtime with plenty of power to spare. I was never able to fully kill off the battery in a single day, even when I spent lots of time streaming Netflix. It's a fine battery that everyone will be happy with. It outlasts many of today's flagships by a significant margin.. The phone does not support wireless charging, nor does it support rapid charging.. Samsung did a fine job with the Galaxy J7 V's secondary radios. I was happy with how the Bluetooth radio performed. Pairing and connecting a range of different devices was no issue. The phone delivered a strong connection to headphones and speakers. Calls sounded very good in my car's hands-free system, and music playback was impressive when pushed to a speaker.. The GPS radio also did well. The phone located me quickly and accurately. The J7 V managed to keep up with my location during real-time navigation between points, and helped me navigate city streets on foot with no problem.. Samsung didn't include NFC in this phone.. Sprint Lists Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx for $264. Sprint recently added the Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx to its lineup of inexpensive Android handset. The Perx appears to be a minor refresh of last year's J7.. The Samsung Galaxy S8+ is a heavy-hitter that trounces much of the competition. This Android flagship from the world leader in smartphones struts its stuff with pride, despite several pain points that hold it back.. Review: Samsung Galaxy J3 Eclipse for Verizon Wireless. Verizon Wireless sells the Samsung Galaxy J3 Eclipse, an entry-level device, for well under $200. This low-cost handset has a 5-inch screen, modern-ish design, and just enough of a spec sheet to keep things interesting.. Review: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for Verizon Wireless. Samsung's top-of-the-line smartphone for 2016 is the Galaxy S7 Edge. This curvy beauty is a powerful addition to Samsung's roster of Android smartphones.. Review: Samsung Galaxy Note 5 for Verizon Wireless. Samsung's top-of-the-line smartphone impresses with its classy design and blistering performance. The Galaxy Note 5 is a compelling Android device with its big screen, fast processor, and capable camera.. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017, CDMA) / J7 Perx / J7 V. 2 GB RAM 3,300 mAh battery. Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Memory Card Slot. You must log in to post.. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. For Samsung Galaxy J7 V | J7 (2017) | Perx | Sky Pro Dual Case - Unique Designs. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. For Samsung Galaxy J7 V | J7 (2017) | Perx | Sky Pro Dual Case - Unique Designs. 9 sold in last 24 hours. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. miniturtle_inc has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. USPS First Class Mail International / First Class Package International Service. See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 6 business days.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. For Samsung Galaxy J7 V, Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017), Samsung Galaxy Perx, Samsung Galaxy Sky Pro. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Henderson, Nevada, United States. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 8,045.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. USPS First Class Mail International / First Class Package International Service. Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: CA(9.5%).. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Money back or item exchange (buyer's choice). If you are not satisfied with your product, neither are we. All of our products are backed with a 30 days return policy. Please contact us if you have any issues regarding your order.. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $9.99 is required.. Feedback on miniturtle_inc from others who bought this item. Thank you again ! Love it :). Awesome service !!!! Tried to get these for 2 years now... sent wrong case 2 times in a row in the trash. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. Essential Accessories for the Samsung Google Nexus ,. 7 Stylish cases for your iPhone 4S ,. 5 Things to Consider when Buying an iPhone Case ,. How to Buy an iPhone 3GS Case ,. Top 6 Reasons You Should Upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy S5 ,. Your Guide to Buying Cases for the Samsung Galaxy S III on eBay ,. How to Buy an iPhone 4 Case on eBay ,. The 5 Best Cases for the Galaxy Tab 2 ,. Top 7 Accessories for Your HTC Inspire. Skinomi Cases for Samsung Galaxy J7 ,. Adhesives for Samsung Galaxy J7 ,. Batteries for Samsung Galaxy J7 ,. Parts for Samsung Galaxy J7 ,. Buttons for Samsung Galaxy J7 ,. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. REVIEWS OF DEVICE SMARTPHON TABLET LAPTOP GADGETS DEVICES/ ОБЗОРЫ ДЕВАЙСОВ / OVERSIGT / ביקורות / באריכטן / ULASAN / COMENTARIOS / 評測 / RECENSIONI / 후기 / RECENZIJE / RECENSIONER / BEWERTUNGEN / VURDERINGER / YORUMLAR / АГЛЯДЫ / AVIS / RECENSIONER / レビュー / ОГЛЯДИ / ĐÁNH GIÁ / aRVOSTELUT / ПРЕГЛЕДИ / 후기 / Пікірлер --- https://www.youtube.com/c/ITtechologiy ---. Comments are disabled for this video.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V 2017 Unboxing and Hands On. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 my experience using for the last 48 hrs. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Full Review. samsung galaxy j7 perx,j7v,2017 (hands on). Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx First Look Boost Mobile (HD). Galaxy J7 2017 VS Galaxy J3 Prime!. Samsung Galaxy J7 V with 5.5 inch HD display 2GB RAM and Android Nougat announced| Galaxy J7 V. 5 Reasons to buy the Samsung Galaxy J7 Over the Samsung Galaxy S7. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T) Review. Samsung Galaxy J7 V vs Google Nexus 5X. Samsung Galaxy J7V Tips and Tricks Compilation. Samsung Galaxy J7 Review - Worth It?. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Unboxing, Setup & First Look! (4K). Samsung Galaxy J7 V Verizon 2017 Android (Nougat) Release Date ,Specifications ,Price. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs J7 (2016) - Review & Camera Test! (4K). Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Unboxing Boost Mobile HD. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Teardown and Reassemble - Fixez.com. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT Black Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds White Premium MYBAT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds With Volume Rocker Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds With Volume Rocker White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Travel Organizer Handbag Purse Bag - Brown for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Travel Organizer Handbag Purse Bag - Gray for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Universal Wire Cord Organizer Clips for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 2-Pack Stereo Headset Earbuds 3.5mm Headphones Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 3-Pack Black Metal Stylus Pens for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Gray for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Silver for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black Mini Stylus Pen with Dust Cap For Cell Phones Smartphones Tablets for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen Plug Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen Plug Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen Silver Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen with Dust Cap Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen with Dust Cap Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Pen with Dust Cap Silver for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Plug Orange for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Stylus Plug Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 2600mAh External Power Bank Pack - Green for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 2600mAh External Power Bank Pack - Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 2-Port Dual Wall Home Charger Cube - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Wall Travel Charger Cube (1.0A) White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Car Charger USB Adapter (1.2A) Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Car Charger USB Adapter (1.2A) White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Anchor Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Anchor White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Bear, White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Bunny Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Bunny White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Bunny, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Bunny, Light Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Bunny, Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Bunny, Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Butterfly Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Butterfly Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Butterfly, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Butterfly, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Butterfly, White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Cherry, Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Clovers, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Cross Hearts, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Cross, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Cross, Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Crown Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Crown, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Crown, White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Flower Heart White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Flower, Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Flower, White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Flying Heart Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Flying Heart, Muti Color for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart Butterfly, Muti-color for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart Flower Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart Flower White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart Muti Color for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart With Bow Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart With Bow Muti Color for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart With Bunny, Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart With Diamond, Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart With Flower, Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart With Star Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart, Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart, Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Heart, Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Minnie, Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Poodle, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Puppy, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Puppy, Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Skull, White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Strawberry, White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Swan, Muti Color for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Swan, Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Tulip, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Tulip, Muti Color for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Turtle Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Turtle Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Turtle, Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Ornament Attachment Strap - Turtle, Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Attachment Style 07 for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Attachment Style 09 for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Attachment Style 15 for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellphone Charm Attachment Style 20 for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 5FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black AUX Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 4FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black Noodle Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 6FT Long for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black Right-angled Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5mm Plug 3FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black Round Audio Extension Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 3FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Gold Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 5FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Red Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 5FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Red AUX Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 4FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. White AUX Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 4FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. White Noodle Audio Cable with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug 6FT for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. White LCD Universal Battery Charger with USB Port for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 18 Watt USB Wall Charger with Qualcomm Certified Quick Charge 2.0 Technology (5 ft Micro USB Cable Included) Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Rapid Charge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Car Charger with Micro USB Cable - Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Rapid Charge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Car Charger with Micro USB Cable - Gray for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Rapid Charge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Car Charger with Micro USB Cable - Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Rapid Charge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Car Charger with Micro USB Cable - White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 12W/2.4 Amp TabletSmart Dual USB Travel Home Fast Charger (Micro USB Cable Included) - Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Black CUBE Folding Blade Micro USB Home Travel Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Black/White CUBE Micro USB Home Travel Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Cord Keeper 5Watt (1Amp) Micro USB Home Wall Charger - Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Cord Keeper 5Watt (1Amp) Micro USB Home Wall Charger - Green for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Cord Keeper 5Watt (1Amp) Micro USB Home Wall Charger - Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 10 Watt/2.1 Amp Dual USB Home Wall Charger (Micro USB Cable Included) for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet High Powered 10 Watt (2.1 Amp) Micro USB Fast Rapid Car Charger with USB Port - Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet High Powered 10 Watt (2.1 Amp) Micro USB Fast Rapid Car Charger with USB Port - White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet High Powered 10Watt (2.1Amp) Fast Micro USB Car Charger - White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet High Powered 12W/2.4A Dual USB Travel Home Wall Charger (4 ft. Micro USB Cable Included) - Orange for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet High Powered 2.4A/12W Retractable Micro USB Fast Travel Home Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Rapid 6Watt (1.2Amp) Micro USB Retractable Home Travel Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. CyonGear 5W /1 Amp Home Wall Charger (4 ft. Micro USB cable Included) Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. CyonGear Universal High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Car Charger (Micro USB Cable Included) for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 800mA Micro USB Vehicle Car Charger Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet White Micro USB Plug in Car Charger (800mA) for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Micro USB Car Charger (1.0A) for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Micro USB Retractable Car Charger (1.0A) for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 2 in 1 Combo Bundle Pack - Micro USB Car & Wall Charger (1.0A) for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black Premium Micro USB Travel Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Micro USB 1A Car Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Micro USB 1A Car Charger 9FT Long Cord for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Micro USB Travel Wall Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Micro USB Travel Wall Charger (1.0A) for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. White Premium Micro USB Travel Charger for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black Keychain Portable On The Go Micro USB Charger Leather Data Cable With Key Ring for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Browm Keychain Portable On The Go Micro USB Charger Leather Data Cable With Key Ring for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Burgundy Keychain Portable On The Go Micro USB Charger Leather Data Cable With Key Ring for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Orange Keychain Portable On The Go Micro USB Charger Leather Data Cable With Key Ring for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. White Keychain Portable On The Go Micro USB Charger Leather Data Cable With Key Ring for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Black 3.1A Fast Rapid Micro USB Travel Wall Home Charger w/ Attached Cable for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. White 3.1A Fast Rapid Micro USB Travel Wall Home Charger w/ Attached Cable for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Baby Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Gold for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Light Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Neon Green for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Orange for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 3FT - Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Baby Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Gold for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Gray for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Orange for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Purple for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Rose Gold for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 6FT - Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Gray for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Light Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Neon Green for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Orange for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 10FT - Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. RUIZ Cellet 6FT Long Charging Data Sync Micro USB Charger Cable Cord Green for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. RUIZ Cellet 6FT Long Charging Data Sync Micro USB Charger Cable Cord Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. RUIZ Cellet 6FT Long Charging Data Sync Micro USB Charger Cable Cord White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 4 Ft Premium Micro USB Charging Data Sync Cable Cord Charger Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 4 Ft Premium Micro USB Charging Data Sync Cable Cord Charger Silver With Holder for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Braided Nylon 9 Ft Long Micro USB Charging Cable Data Sync Charger Cord for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet White LED Micro USB Charging Data Charger Cable Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 5FT Long Micro USB Charging Data Sync Charger Cable Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 4 Inch Super SHORT Premium Nylon Braided Micro USB Charging Cable Charger Cord for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet 5 Feet Long Micro USB Charging Data Sync Cable Charger Cord for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Cellet Packaged Micro USB Retractable Charger Data Cable Cord Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Baby Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Gold for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Neon Green for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Orange for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging & 3FT Micro Cable - Yellow for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope [4-Pack] 1FT 3FT 6FT 10FT - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope [4-Pack] 1FT 3FT 6FT 10FT - Red for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable [4-Pack] 1FT 3FT 6FT 10FT - White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable 1FT - White for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 1FT - Black for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 1FT - Blue for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 1FT - Gray for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. ProWorx - Micro USB Charging Cable Rope 1FT - Hot Pink for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for galaxy j7 v. All Listings - Current page. results for galaxy j7 v. Save galaxy j7 v to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow galaxy j7 v to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Samsung Galaxy J7 Verizon Prepaid / Black / J727V / New / Octa-Core. 11 new & refurbished from $132.99. BRAND NEW/SEALED Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Black (Verizon) Smartphone. 11 new & refurbished from $132.99. Samsung Galaxy J7 V J727V Verizon Check ESN C. 360° Full Cover Slim Hard Case For Galaxy J7 V /J7 Sky Pro/Perx + Tempered Glass. Shockproof Hybrid Phone Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 V/J7 2017/Sky Pro/Prime. Unlocked Samsung Galaxy wide 2 J7 V Korean version SM-J727S 5.5" 3300mAh 2GB Ram. Verizon Prepaid - Samsung Galaxy J7 4G LTE with 16GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phon... 11 new & refurbished from $132.99. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Sprint) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Factory Unlocked Verizon Gray Samsung Galaxy J7 POP Prime J727V 16GB Any GSM Sim. BRAND NEW/SEALED Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Verizon Prepaid Smartphone. 11 new & refurbished from $132.99. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Verizon Prepaid - Samsung Galaxy J7 4G LTE with 16GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phon... 11 new & refurbished from $132.99. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727V 16GB Verizon GOOD - FAST FREE SHIPPING!!. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon)(GSM UNLOCKED) Nougart 7.0. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Google Locked. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 Verizon Prepaid / Black / J727V BRAND NEW. 3 new & refurbished from $148.99. Samsung Galaxy J7 -16GB SM-J727V Unlocked-Silve r(03757). Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon)(UNLO CKED). 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. SAMSUNG GALAXY J7V VERIZON LOCKED J7 V PARTS ONLY SMART PHONE. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SM-J727 16 GB Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $154.39. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. *Free Tempered Glass*360° Full Protector*CONNICS Brand*. US Seller! Fast Free Shipping! J7 Perx /Halo!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Cyclops Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 V. © 2018 AFC Trident Inc., All rights reserved.. 
Samsung Galaxy J7 V (2017) review. Samsung Galaxy J7 V (SM-J727V) specifications. Android OS v7.0.1 ( Nougat ). Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953. 8 MP 3264 x 2448 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Samsung Galaxy J7 V (SM-J727V) pictures. Samsung Galaxy J7 V's (SM-J727V) comparisons. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Samsung / Samsung Galaxy J7 V (2017). 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Samsung Galaxy J7 V (SM-J727V). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Samsung Galaxy J7 V smartphone.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 V (SM-J727V) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953 chipset, 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 V runs on Android OS v7.0.1 (Nougat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 3300 mAh battery. It features a 5.5 inches IPS display with 1080 x 1920 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 V runs on Android OS v7.0.1 (Nougat) out of the box, but the Galaxy J7 V's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5.5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 1080 x 1920 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (2 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (16 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Samsung Galaxy J7 V is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. Galaxy J7 V is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Samsung smartphone doesn't have FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 3300 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display.. Compare Samsung Galaxy J7 V to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Samsung Galaxy J7 V, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Samsung Galaxy J7 V smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Samsung Galaxy J7 V to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Samsung Galaxy J7 V that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
iPad 4, iPad 3, & iPad 2 Cases. iPod Touch 6G & 5G Cases. iPod Touch 5G (no camera) Cases. iPad 4, iPad 3, & iPad 2 Cases. iPod Touch 6G & 5G Cases. iPod Touch 5G (no camera) Cases. Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.. Presidio Clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cases. Presidio Clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cases. Presidio Clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cases. Presidio Clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cases. Presidio Clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cases. Presidio Clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cases. Presidio Clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cases. Also fits the Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx. Select 2-Day Shipping in checkout, applies to all products during the advertised time period.. Free Shipping and returns on U.S. Orders Lifetime Warranty 30-Day Unconditional Guarantee. With an ultra-slim design and superior impact protection, Presidio™ CLEAR is a premium clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V case unlike any other.. Presidio CLEAR has a hard exterior layer that disperses force and an interior layer of IMPACTIUM™ CLEAR that absorbs and disperses shock away from your device.. Presidio CLEAR is drop tested from 8 feet multiple times by a third-party laboratory to test its superior protection from an extreme height, so you can be confident it will hold up to everyday drops. All Speck cases, including Presidio CLEAR, are tested for scratch-resistance, chemical resistance, and precision fit.. The Presidio CLEAR Galaxy J7 V case qis designed to stand up to everyday wear and tear. The materials used in the case resist UV yellowing to keep them looking clear for the life of the case. This clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V case also has a special coating that resists scratches.. Presidio is our slimmest line of cases yet, adding 20 percent less bulk to your phone than previous CandyShell cases. We’ve removed all excess material without sacrificing protection.. All Presidio cases come with a lifetime limited warranty.. With an ultra-slim design and superior impact protection, Presidio™ CLEAR is a premium clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V case unlike any other.. Presidio CLEAR has a hard exterior layer that disperses force and an interior layer of IMPACTIUM™ CLEAR that absorbs and disperses shock away from your device.. Presidio CLEAR is drop tested from 8 feet multiple times by a third-party laboratory to test its superior protection from an extreme height, so you can be confident it will hold up to everyday drops. All Speck cases, including Presidio CLEAR, are tested for scratch-resistance, chemical resistance, and precision fit.. The Presidio CLEAR Galaxy J7 V case qis designed to stand up to everyday wear and tear. The materials used in the case resist UV yellowing to keep them looking clear for the life of the case. This clear Samsung Galaxy J7 V case also has a special coating that resists scratches.. Presidio is our slimmest line of cases yet, adding 20 percent less bulk to your phone than previous CandyShell cases. We’ve removed all excess material without sacrificing protection.. All Presidio cases come with a lifetime limited warranty.. To ensure that Presidio™ CLEAR offers the ultimate protection for your Galaxy J7 V, it has been dropped from a height of 8 feet multiple times by a third-party laboratory. IMPACTIUM CLEAR is a dynamic shock-absorbing material that absorbs and disperses force away from your Galaxy J7 V. IMPACTIUM CLEAR raised bezel guards screen from direct drops onto phone face and prevents damage when lying flat. IMPACTIUM CLEAR protects volume and power buttons while maintaining true button responsiveness. IMPACTIUM CLEAR protects ports, microphone, and speakers from drops without compromising acoustics or interfering with port accessibility, camera lenses or the camera flash. Presidio CLEAR features a dual-layer construction for robust protection. We’ve created the slimmest dual-layer case Speck has ever made, without sacrificing protection. Presidio CLEAR is precision-engineered to fit your Galaxy J7 V perfectly. Presidio CLEAR resists scratches and offers a modern style with clear glossy and matte black designs. Presidio CLEAR’s custom-engineered material, IMPACTIUM CLEAR, resists turning yellow when exposed to UV light from the sun. All Speck cases are independently lab tested for multiple real-life situations to ensure your device is always protected. We test to protect against extreme drops, extreme temperatures, chemicals, antenna interference, cracks and abrasions, device bending, and more. All Presidio cases come with a lifetime limited warranty. For full terms visit: speckproducts.com/warranty. Also fits the Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx. To ensure that Presidio™ CLEAR offers the ultimate protection for your Galaxy J7 V, it has been dropped from a height of 8 feet multiple times by a third-party laboratory. IMPACTIUM CLEAR is a dynamic shock-absorbing material that absorbs and disperses force away from your Galaxy J7 V. IMPACTIUM CLEAR raised bezel guards screen from direct drops onto phone face and prevents damage when lying flat. IMPACTIUM CLEAR protects volume and power buttons while maintaining true button responsiveness. IMPACTIUM CLEAR protects ports, microphone, and speakers from drops without compromising acoustics or interfering with port accessibility, camera lenses or the camera flash. Presidio CLEAR features a dual-layer construction for robust protection. We’ve created the slimmest dual-layer case Speck has ever made, without sacrificing protection. Presidio CLEAR is precision-engineered to fit your Galaxy J7 V perfectly. Presidio CLEAR resists scratches and offers a modern style with clear glossy and matte black designs. Presidio CLEAR’s custom-engineered material, IMPACTIUM CLEAR, resists turning yellow when exposed to UV light from the sun. All Speck cases are independently lab tested for multiple real-life situations to ensure your device is always protected. We test to protect against extreme drops, extreme temperatures, chemicals, antenna interference, cracks and abrasions, device bending, and more. All Presidio cases come with a lifetime limited warranty. For full terms visit: speckproducts.com/warranty. Also fits the Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx. Speck supports Crisis Text Line’s efforts to provide 24/7 crisis support to anyone who needs it. Lifetime Warranty (on select products). © Copyright 2018 Samsonite IP Holdings S.AR.L. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Samsung Galaxy J7 V for Verizon Wireless Plans. Compare Cell Phones > Samsung. View all the Verizon Wireless plans that work with the Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Compare Verizon Wireless plans that are compatible with the Samsung Galaxy J7 V using our tool below.. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Samsung Galaxy J7 V is a 4G LTE smartphone that runs on Android 7.0 Nougat out of its box. It comes with a 5.5-inch TFT display and 1280x720 resolution. It is equipped with a 2.2GHz Octa-Core processor with 16GB onboard storage and a microSD card slot for up to 256GB memory expansion. For photos, the device has an 8-megapixel main camera with 1080p HD video recording. In front, there is a 5-megapixel camera. The Samsung Galaxy J7 V comes with a 3,300mAh Li-Ion battery.. View all the Verizon Wireless plans that work with the Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Compare Verizon Wireless plans that are compatible with the Samsung Galaxy J7 V using our tool below.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V for Verizon Wireless Plans. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. 20% off any order When You order any Phone or Phone Bundle with Airtime. Up to 25% off French Market Coffee with Subscribe and Save.. Use code: VZWDEAL at checkout for instant savings. Get $100 off iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. Get $100 off iPhone 8 or 8 Plus. Get $100 off iPhone X with code VZWDEAL. Get a $25 gift card & waived activation fee with the purchase of a GizmoPal 2, GizmoGadget or GizmoTab. Code: GIZMOKIDS25, must submit receipt & UPC(s) via vzw.com/digitalrebatecenter. Other Phones on Verizon Wireless Other Samsung Phones. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG K20 V LG Stylo 3 PLUS ZTE Majesty Pro ZTE Z233VL ZTE ZFive 2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Samsung Galaxy Luna Pro Nokia 3 LUNA 5.5 4G LTE Moto Z Droid. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Brown MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Brown MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover Currently out of stock. Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. This bookstyle-case will securely protect its contents. Includes additional slots to hold cards. Open design allows access to all of your phone's functions.. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Black MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Black Pattern/Black Liner MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Hot Pink MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Pink Pattern/Hot Pink Liner MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Pink Fresh Roses Diamond MyJacket Wallet Case. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Black Glittering MyJacket Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Hearts & Purple Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Hearts & Green Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Heavy Duty Armor Case Belt Clip Holster - Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Purple Flowers Black TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Magnetic Wallet Case With Card Holder - Teal. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Purple Hibiscus Electric Purple TUFF Hybrid Case [Military-Grade Certified]. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Titanium Dark Blue TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Gold. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Rose Gold/Rose Gold TUFF Hybrid Phone Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Glossy Transparent Clear Skin Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Lightning Shield Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Titanium Solid Hot Pink/Black TUFF Hybrid Phone Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Twilight Petunias (2D Silver)/Solid White TUFF Hybrid Phone Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protector/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Colorful Leaves Design Wallet Flap Pouch Case. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Black/Orange. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Dreamcatcher & Gold Stars Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Electric Hibiscus & Magenta Hearts Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 V - Rose Gold Electroplating/Dreamcatcher/Silver Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Samsung Galaxy J7 V SoundFusion 3.5mm Stereo Headset, White. Samsung Galaxy J7 V 2-in-1 Touchscreen Stylus & Ballpoint Pen w/Clip. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Mobovida Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Waterproof Bag. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Genuine Leather Embossed Flower Design Clutch. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Screen Protector, Clear. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Original Samsung 2Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, White. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Snake Print Design Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Metal Heavy Duty Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Micro USB Cable, White. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V C300 In-Ear Sports Wireless Bluetooth Headphones with mic and volume controls. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Luxmo Charging Bundle - Includes Car & Home Charger Adapters, Lightning Cable & Headphones. Samsung Galaxy J7 V 21-Pin 2 Amp Car Charger, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Windshield Car Holder, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Cellet Universal 3.5mm Boom Mic Headset. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter. Samsung Galaxy J7 V LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Xtreme Bass High Def Tangle-Free 3.5mm Stereo Headset w/Microphone, Black/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Smooth Vegan Leather Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Two Toned Designer style Clutch wallet. Samsung Galaxy J7 V OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V USB Home Charger, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Fitness Armband. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable. Samsung Galaxy J7 V MHL 6' 6" Micro USB to HDMI Adapter & USB 2.0 Cable. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Soft-touch Suede Double Zipper Clutch. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Clear. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Alligator Clutch Wallet with Tassel. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Full Screen View Wristlet with Complete Touch Control. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Full Edge Colored Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Black. 
Apple iPad Pro 12.9 - 1st Gen 2015 (Wi-Fi) [A1584]. Apple iPad Pro 9.7 (Wi-Fi) [A1673]. Amazon Fire HD 8 2017 with Alexa (Wi-Fi). Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 (Verizon). Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7 (Wi-Fi). MacBook Pro 2012 (Unibody) - 13". MacBook Pro 2015 (Retina) - 13". MacBook Pro 2017 (With Touch Bar) - 15". Apple Watch Series 2 (Alum.) 42mm (2nd Gen 2016) (Smart Watch) [A1758]. Apple Watch Stainless Steel 42mm (1st Gen 2015) (Smart Watch) [A1554]. Apple Watch Series 2 (Steel) 42mm (2nd Gen 2016) (Smart Watch) [A1758]. Apple Watch Sport 42mm (1st Gen 2015) (Smart Watch) [A1554]. Apple Watch Series 2 (Nike) 42mm (2nd Gen 2016) (Smart Watch) [A1758]. Samsung Gear S2 - 3G (Verizon). Pure Gear® Lightning Cable + Charger. Google Pixel XL - Verizon Edition (Verizon). Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (Verizon) [SM-G935V]. Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Verizon) [A1661]. Apple iPhone 6S Plus (Verizon) [A1687]. Google Pixel 2 - Verizon Edition (Verizon). Apple iPhone 6 Plus (Verizon) [A1522]. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Verizon) [SM-N950U]. Google Pixel - Verizon Edition (Verizon). Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus (Verizon) [SM-G955U]. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 (Verizon) [N910V]. Showing # of #. Save listings you may want to purchase. View a listing and click to Save.. You must login to Save listings.. Hide listings you don't want to see anymore. View a listing and click to Hide.. You must login to Hide listings.. LIKE NEW Samsung Galaxy J7 16GB Silver Verizon-GSM Unlocked. Like New J7 16GB Silver Verizon-GSM Unlocked. Lightly used "Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon)" Silver, 16 GB memory, 4G LTE. MINT, CONDITION , SPECIAL FREE PRIORITY SHIPPING, Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon). Specs: Samsung Galaxy J7 V (Verizon). Copyright © 2010 - 2018 Swappa, LLC. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Nov 13, 2017 11:18 AM by SuzyQ. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Voicemail Setting. UnlimtedData@$29.99 Nov 6, 2017 9:54 AM. Tags: none ( add ). How do I change the number of rings before voicemail activates on a Samsung Galaxy J7 V?. Content tagged with voice mail ring cycle. This content has been marked as final.. Show 2 replies. Re: Samsung Galaxy J7 V Voicemail Setting. ( in response to UnlimtedData@$29.99 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). The voicemail ring time is set at 30 seconds at the system level and can't be changed.. Re: Samsung Galaxy J7 V Voicemail Setting. ( in response to UnlimtedData@$29.99 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). As Ann154 said, the time is set at 30 seconds and can't be adjusted.. You may want to try a different ringtone (I use a song that plays continupusly until it goes to voicemail) if the issue is that it there is not enough time or rings.. If callers are complaining that its too long or short before voiceamil kicks in, there's not much you can do.. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. In this video I review the Samsung Galaxy J7 V. https://youtu.be/R59TKXbsWM8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Review This product is great for the price! Camera resembles the Galaxy S6 generally in most conditions, and space is ample when you add an SD card (apps can also be shifted to the SD card!). I do miss the fingerprint sensor from time to time, but I've quickly gotten over it with how quick and easy a design unlock is. Display is bright and colorful, and the speaker is specific, albeit not as noisy as my iPhone several was. The phone even has Google Assistant, so you can converse with it, ask it questions, and give it commands. Over-all, I highly recommend this phone as it is very good all-around for what you pay! We are pleasantly surprised how fast this phone is. Seems it might be fine as a primary device for those unable to spend the money for high end stuff. I actually just switched from a Samsung Galaxy S4 to the Galaxy J7 V. You cannot match this phone for the purchase price, performance, and almost all of all the battery life! I acquired to charge my S4 every night with little use but the J7V lasts me almost 3 days on one solitary charge! The performance is outstanding with the most recent operating-system from Android 7 Nougat! Initial procedure was very simple using Verizon cloud and the Samsung Good Switch app! All associates, videos and files changed to the J7V effortlessly! The device has a 5. 5 display which is adequate to view all content but still meets in my pocket properly! You may spend far more for more features but this phone offers a lot of bang for your profit! Fantastic phone on the best network! Great telephones we can now not only talk, but textual content and use for internet access. The phone itself works very well for folks who don't need the fancy Galaxy S lines. This phone pretty much can do anything how S5 can do or better. The size is great and works well. I use this mobile phone for my Gear S3 from Verizon and for exercising. The battery life is exceptional for a phone that has a very bright screen. On Day 3 with moderate use for exercising and its at 50% battery left. it is not high end like a S7 or S8 level but it works and does good pictures. The front camera is ok but than again you get what you pay for. I recommend getting this phone for users who don't desire a higher end phone but reliable for folks who hardly uses their smartphones. Great for older adults who are not tech savvy and modern. The Relatives Base Companion iphone app can be downloaded to the J7V device from the Google Play Store. From the good construction to the lightning fast response, it is the ultimate budget phone in my opinion. It has almost no weight to it handheld has a good grip too. The screen has a crisp HIGH-DEFINITION look almost similar to the Galaxy S7 and the brightness level improves almost as bright as a flashlight, heck it almost burns your eye just looking at it. The camera is quite good quality as well, at 8mp its almost as clear as amazingly. Apps and games run silky smooth and user interface gives great feedback. Even though I like the characteristics, camera, speed and overall easy to use, my only complaint would be the speaker phone. Most the time I place a call on loudspeaker, they can't hear a word which i am saying. So for that reason alone, I am considering returning it before it's too late to accomplish this. Check out my other video on the J7V: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOx55... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. 6 Reasons To Not Buy Samsung Galaxy J7- Crisp Review. Samsung Galaxy J7 V 2017 Unboxing and Hands On. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Full Review. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 my experience using for the last 48 hrs. HOW TO INSTALL Samsung Galaxy J7 V Case, J7 Perx, Shockproof Rugged Hybrid Armor Case w Belt Clip. THIS IS SAMSUNG GALAXY J7 2017!!!!. Galaxy J7 2017 VS Galaxy J3 Prime!. samsung galaxy j7 perx,j7v,2017 (hands on). 20 Reasons To Buy Samsung Galaxy J7- Crisp Review. New Samsung Galaxy J7 Review - Is it Worth it?. Samsung Galaxy J7 Review - Worth It?. 🔧Galaxy J7 Glass Only Replacement (FULL GUIDE) - J7 2016. Samsung Galaxy J7 V Verizon 2017 Android (Nougat) Release Date ,Specifications ,Price. Disable Bypass Remove Google Account Lock FRP on Verizon Samsung Galaxy J7 V!. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) | Quick Unboxing and J5-Compare. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs Galaxy S6 2016 full comparision and speed test. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Skip to content Skip to accessibility help. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. Metal Frame and Diamond Cut Finish. S bike mode, Ultra Data Saving mode. * Price subject to change without prior notification. Galaxy J7 (2016) with S bike mode. Now don’t let those unwanted calls play spoilsport while you ride.. See how the S bike mode works. The sleek and durable metal frame comes with a diamond cut finish. The back panel with its brushed metal finish completes the premium look.. With a larger sAMOLED display the fun continues even when the ride is over.. Now enjoy clearer and sharper images on your Galaxy J7 (2016), thanks to the larger and more vivid sAMOLED display. With vibrant colours and deeper contrast, everything that you watch on the Galaxy J7 (2016) is as lively as your ride.. With Ultra Data Saving Mode, save 4G data usage up to 50%*. Galaxy J7 (2016) is equipped with the Ultra Data Saving Mode. By compressing data and restricting background applications from consuming unnecessary data, it saves your 4G data usage up to 50%*.. With brighter cameras, let every shot be picture perfect. Both the cameras (front & rear) on Galaxy J7 (2016) come with f1.9 apperture. This means you can capture clearer pictures even in low light conditions. With the Quick Launch feature, you will never miss out on a beautiful moment. And with a host of other features that will enhance your pictures, you can take your selfies to the next level.. With Advanced Processor & Ultra Power Saving mode, experience the best performance.. With the large 2GB RAM in the Galaxy J7 (2016), you can now multitask better and navigate faster at 4G speed. What’s more, in case your phone’s battery is running low, all you have to do is simply activate the Ultra Power Saving mode. It helps reduce power consumption by allowing access to only necessary applications so that you can use your phone for longer.. With the latest Android™ 6.0 Marshmallow, pick up the pace. Galaxy J7 (2016) comes with the latest Android™ 6.0 Marshmallow. With a wealth of new features, it not only helps your device to perform seamlessly but also complements its premium look.. 2G GSM, 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD. B1(2100), B3(1800), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B20(800). A2DP, AVRCP, DI, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP. MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, WMV, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. Gear Circle (Manager Support), Gear S2. There are no user reviews yet.. Know all about IEEE 802.11 Wi-Fi Wireless Technology. Know all about IEEE 802.11 Wi-Fi Wireless Technology. Walkaround of Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 ( SM-J710F ). Walkaround of Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 ( SM-J710F ). * Key feature may different from Key Spec. Images shown here are for representational purpose only, actual may vary. All features, specifications and prices are subject to change without prior notice. Model availability may vary from location to location. Network : The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider. Samsung India encourages its customers for e-waste recycling.. Please call 1800 40 SAMSUNG (7267864) or. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
