By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.. Number of Products : 0. Number of Products : 0. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your basket.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. Introducing the Galaxy S9 | S9+. The revolutionary camera that adapts like the human eye.. Video spotlighting the Galaxy S9+ camera. Capture stunning pictures in bright daylight and super low light.. Our category-defining Dual Aperture lens adapts like the human eye. It's able to automatically switch between various lighting conditions with ease—making your photos look great whether it's bright or dark, day or night.. * Dual Aperture supports F1.5 and F2.4 modes. Installed on the rear camera (S9)/rear wide camera (S9+).. If it's dark, the lens opens to F1.5 mode to pull in light for a bright and clear photo. In the daylight, the lens shifts to F2.4 mode to help your picture come out sharp.. The camera that's brilliant in the dark.. The F1.5 aperture mode finds light even in the dark. So the low light camera delivers vibrant photos late into the night, meaning your camera no longer has a curfew.. The camera that slows down time,. Videos taken on the Galaxy S9 or Galaxy S9+ in 960FPS Super Slow-mo. * Super Slow-mo only supports HD resolution. Limited to 20 shots per video with approximately 0.2 seconds of recording and 6 seconds of playback for each shot.. Super Slow-mo lets you see the things you could have missed in the blink of an eye. Set the video to music or turn it into a looping GIF, and share it with a tap. Then sit back and watch the reactions roll in.. The camera that turns you into an emoji, so you’re not the “you” everyone else is.. Create an Augmented Reality version of yourself simply by taking a selfie. Then share your real-life feelings as emoji stickers and videos.. Liven up your chats using AR Emoji stickers and videos.. *Apps that do not support animated GIFs may still send AR Emoji stickers as a still image.. The camera that can instantly read what your eyes can't.. Get real-time translations when you need it. Live Translation lets you see the world in a new way.. * Available functions and features may vary by country. * Samsung Account login and data network (Wi-Fi or internet connection) required.Translation speed may vary depending on internet connection and word count.. This function is limited to selected languages. For the full list of languages please visit http://www.samsung.com/global/galaxy/apps/bixby/vision/ .. The camera that recognises you instantly.. Intelligent Scan is a new technology that combines face recognition and iris scan to make unlocking simple even in low light.. * Image simulated for illustrative purposes.. * Accuracy of Intelligent Scan may differ depending on surrounding conditions.. Share your screen to your other Samsung screens, hassle-free.. Easily share photos and videos you've made by syncing your devices through your Samsung Account. So you can be at home even when you're someplace else.. * Images simulated for illustrative purposes.. * Available functions may vary by country, carrier, network environment, or product.. The phone with an uninterrupted display.. See photos and videos as you want to see them, showcased on a beautiful edge-to-edge screen.. * Image simulated for illustration purposes.. * Infinity Display: a near bezel-less, full-frontal glass, edge-to-edge screen.. The phone that surrounds you in Dolby Atmos sound on stereo speakers tuned by AKG.. Hear the action with clarity thanks to the pure sound of the stereo speakers tuned by AKG. The addition of Dolby Atmos delivers rich and vibrant sound, giving you a theater-like audio experience.. Protect your phone with a wide selection of stylish covers.. Availability of accessories may vary by country.. What we've changed in here will. Now it’s time to take it for a spin.. * All specifications and descriptions provided herein may be different from the actual specifications and descriptions for the product. Samsung reserves the right to make changes to this document and the product described herein, at anytime, without obligation on Samsung to provide notification of such change. All functionality, features, specifications, GUI and other product information provided in this document including, but not limited to, the benefits, design, pricing, components, performance, availability, and capabilities of the product are subject to change without notice or obligation. The contents within the screen are simulated images and are for demonstration purposes only.. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 9 , Chrome , Safari and newer browsers.. 
By browsing the EE site, you're agreeing to the use of cookies which help improve your online experience.. Learn more about how we use Cookies. CHOOSE WHICH TYPE OF BUSINESS YOU ARE:. I am a sole trader or business with up to 100 employees. I am a business with more than 100 employees. I am a sole trader or business with up to 100 employees. I am a business with more than 100 employees. Got a phone, tablet or 4GEE WiFi device? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.. Got home broadband? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.. Move to EE pay as you go. Pay as you go phone packs. Pay as you go packs & add-ons. I am a sole trader or business with up to 100 employees. I am a business with more than 100 employees. Log in or register to upgrade or add another device.. Samsung Galaxy S9 64GB Lilac Purple. Pre-order now and get yours 7 days early.. follow link to change product colour to. follow link to change product colour to. Pre-order now and get yours 7 days early.. follow link to change product colour to. follow link to change product colour to. Log in or register to get this device. Business customer? Go to our Business shop. Extras you'll get with this plan. Catch the latest action wherever you are with 24 months BT Sport app access. Use your data, calls and texts in the EU. Log in or register to get this device. Business customer? Go to our Business shop. Log in or register to get this device. Business customer? Go to our Business shop. Capture the moment within the moment. The quick-launch, 12 megapixel dual cameras include Super Slo-mo so you can capture the action in stunning detail.. Scary bungee jump, birthday surprise, dog meets frisbee? Whatever’s happening, just start filming, and you can play back the key moments.. The first smartphone with an F1.5 aperture camera lens lets in more light to give you clearer, sharper views when you’re in the club, at the gig or out at night.. Daylight or moonlight, the Samsung Galaxy S9 has you covered. The camera’s dual aperture lens adapts to light like the human eye, switching automatically between bright conditions and low light.. Beautiful design and improved Infinity Display. See more, hold less, with the screen that curves around the edges of the phone. With even deeper blacks and up to 41% brighter than the S8, the Samsung Galaxy S9’s Quad HD+ Super AMOLED Infinity Display is Samsung’s best yet.. Get real personal with AR Emoji. Personalise your messages with the emoji that’s actually you! Take a selfie, emoji-ise it, style it with hair, accessories and clothes, and you’re ready to go, with 18 different expressions that are so you.. Videos on the Samsung Galaxy S9 don’t just look great, they sound great too, thanks to dual stereo speakers – one at each end for the broadest possible sound stage (and 1.4 times louder than the S8).. Your very own personal assistant just got a whole lot smarter. Bixby’s new live translation feature means you just have to point to get instant translation of menus, signs or books in up to 78 languages – it can read what your eyes can’t.. Price from March 2019 to March 2020. Price from March 2020 to March 2021. Price shown per month plus annual RPI adjustment = Price A. Price A per month plus annual RPI adjustment. Annual price increase based on the full price of your plan and/or additional commitment service. The price will increase from March each year. Please note the cost of any additional services you take from us might also increase or decrease while you’re an EE customer.. Available to new & eligible upgrading customers taking a £58.00/month Max Plan. £58/month is for S9 only, monthly cost for S9 + will be higher. Included in your plan: our fastest speeds & access to the BT Sport App on your mobile/tablet. You own device 6 months from plan start date.. 60GB for the price of 20GB: Offer available until to new and eligible upgrading customers joining a Max plan with a new Samsung S9/S9+ direct with us. After the price plan minimum term has expired you may lose the discount. Trade In: Available in selected retail stores or when you joining/upgrading direct with us over the phone or online. Trade-in a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge to qualify for a £250 credit that can be used to cover the upfront cost of the Samsung S9/S9+ when taken on a selected EE price plan. Your device must be in good working order and power up to qualify for the promotion. If you fail to send us a S7/S7 edge that (1) is in good working order or (2) that is as described you will be liable for the trade in price pf the phone being £150. You can still trade in a handset that isn’t a Samsung S7/S7 edge, but this will be subject to our normal trade-in terms and conditions, and will not form part of the offer advertised. Device cannot be returned so ensure all contacts & data has been backed up. We reserve the right to ask for proof of ownership. If you cancel your new plan or return your new device, you will not be able to retrieve your old phone & will only be offered, by way of refund, an amount equal to the trade in price given for your old phone being up to £150.. You will not be entitled to the additional credit provided under the offer. Full trade-in terms here and at ee.co.uk/help .. Pre-Order: your contract starts when your order is accepted but your plan will start at (and you will be charged from) the moment we send your new device out to you (i.e. Device will be sent out within 30 days of launch subject to availability, but we’ll aim to send it quicker than that. Orders placed in store for delivery in store only. Please note that delivery estimates for pre-order & recently launched devices can sometimes change.. We will always keep you updated on the progress of your order. You can cancel your pre-order if we don’t send your device within 30 days. If you cancel you will have to pay for services used. Early upgrade fees may apply to existing customers upgrading within their current minimum term. BT Sport: You need a TV licence. BT Sport is for your personal use in the UK. Other terms apply, see www.ee.co.uk/terms or ask in store for full details. Information & pricing correct as at 25.01.18.. Find help, information and advice on joining EE. From welcome information to how to keep your number and transfer your contacts, it's all there.. Join the EE Community to find advice and support from our customers and experts - it only takes a minute to register.. Find out how to set up your EE device for roaming abroad and how much it will cost.. If you need assistance to set up or use your EE device, we have a range of interactive tools and step-by-step guides to help you get the most out of it.. Trade in your old phone and get up to £200. Delivery of your device is free. Buy online and you can choose to have your order delivered to any UK address or EE store. In store, our experts can help you get set up and transfer your photos and contacts free of charge.. Get up to £200 when you trade in your old phone. Just select 'FREE Delivery to an EE store' in the checkout and choose your nearest retailer. When your order is dispatched, DPD will notify you of your 1-hour delivery time slot. You can then change the day it is delivered or choose from over 2500 local DPD Pickup shops if your allocated timings or selected address are no longer convenient.. Once you’ve got your device, you get a 14-day cooling off period and, if you do want to return it, we’ll refund any payments, cancel your contract or refund any unused pay as you go credit (terms and conditions apply).. Offer based on trade in of iphone 6 64GB. Available in EE retail stores or the EE website only. Full upfront cost of new handset payable when you buy online. You will receive a card payment or cheque within 7 days of receipt of the trade-in device when you trade-in online. Trade-in value applied to an EE fund card in-store. You cannot cancel your new plan if your device has not been accepted or a lower price has been offered for trade-in. Device cannot be returned so ensure all contacts and data has been backed up. We reserve the right to ask for proof of ownership. We will check the device has not been reported as lost or stolen. If you cancel your new plan or return your new device, you will not be able to retrieve your old phone and will only be offered, by way of refund, an amount equal to the upfront cost you would have paid for the new device on the plan you have taken out. Samsung Galaxy S9 64GB Lilac Purple. The Samsung Galaxy S9 Lilac Purple is available to buy now on EE, the UK network with 4G in more places. Find out more and shop Samsung smartphones online today.. 147.7 x 68.7 x 8.5 mm. 5.8" Quad HD Dual edge Super AMOLED. Call and text wherever there's WiFi (with compatible devices ). We have 4G in more places than any other UK network. Six free months when you choose an extra add-on. Get the right plan for you:. Need help picking your plan? Try our handy data calculator. Need help picking your plan? Try our handy data calculator. All these plans last 24 months. Samsung Galaxy S9 64GB Lilac Purple. Catch the latest action wherever you are with 24 months BT Sport app access. Use your data, calls and texts in the EU. Catch the latest action wherever you are with 24 months BT Sport app access. Use your data, calls and texts in the EU. Get a new phone every year with annual upgrades. Use your calls, text and up to 15GB data in the EU, Australia, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and the USA. Catch the latest action wherever you are with 24 months BT Sport app access. On every EE contract the monthly price plan charge will be increased by RPI in March of each year. Other prices, such as call charges and Roaming costs, may also go up during your plan. Your first annual RPI increase will take place in March 2019.. Biggest 4G coverage: 95.23% 4G population coverage as at 31st Jan 2016, EE data.. 4G speeds & coverage vary depending on location & number of users. See ee.co.uk for more.. On every EE contract the monthly price plan charge will be increased by RPI in March of each year. Other prices, such as call charges and Roaming costs, may also go up during your plan. Your first annual RPI increase will take place in March 2019.. See here for more terms and conditions.. EE Extras – all for you, just for being on EE. Six free months of Apple Music with access to millions of songs, playlists and recommendations plus the data to stream it, on us. Just add the Extra before you check out.. Make calls, even when there’s no signal. Call and text wherever you have WiFi, even those niggly indoor spots.. Boost your EE pay monthly mobile plan data allowance by 5GB each month when you take EE Home Broadband.. Use your minutes, texts and up to 15GB data across the EU at no extra costs. All your calls are answered in the UK and Ireland, so it’s easy to get stuff sorted.. Never go over your data allowance by accident, so you’re always in control of your spend.. 084, 087, 09 and 118 numbers. Calls with free calling abroad add-on. Texts with free calling abroad add-on. For more details, read our Plan Price Guides. * Calls and texts from UK to UK mobiles and UK landlines starting with 01, 02 and 03.. For calls to 084, 087, 09 and 118 numbers you will be charged the EE access charge plus the applicable service charge. See more details on the costs to call 084, 087, 09 and 118 numbers >. Get insurance & protection cover from EE. With Full Cover insurance from EE, you can relax because if your device is lost, stolen, damaged or breaks down, you could get a replacement the next day. You’re also covered worldwide, you get the Premium version of Lookout Mobile Security, plus special offers and discounts on accessories. If Full Cover insurance isn't for you, then you might prefer Damage Cover insurance to protect your device against cracks, smashes and spills.. To add device insurance & protection cover from EE, simply choose your preferred cover from 'Choose your Extras' in your basket .. Price from March 2019 to March 2020. Price from March 2020 to March 2021. Price shown per month plus annual RPI adjustment = Price A. Price A per month plus annual RPI adjustment. Getting the newest phone is easy. After 12 months you just bring the handset you are getting now in to one of our stores, and providing it’s in good condition and full working order, you can hand it back and upgrade there and then to a new 24 month plan at the same or higher cost. Available to new and upgrading customers on selected 24 month Max Plans with selected devices. Not available with Family & Friends, PERK or 10% Multi-line discount.. Upgrade after 12 months must be to a new 24 month plan at the same or higher cost. Phones are subject to availability at the time you want to upgrade. At upgrade you must return the phone we provided to you in full working condition and free from cosmetic defects else you may be charged. Phone must not be Activation Locked via an iCloud account. Device cannot be returned so ensure all contacts and data has been backed up.. Monthly charges assume online billing & Direct Debit payment. Use your allowance to call/text UK mobiles and landlines starting 01, 02 and 03 when in UK or EU/EEA; to call/text EU/EEA mobiles & landlines when roaming in EU/EEA (outside UK); Jersey,. Guernsey & Isle of Man treated as EU/EEA. Out of allowance calls to these numbers cost 50p/min. Data allowance can be used in UK & EU/EEA. 15GB data fair use policy applies when outside the UK. See www.ee.co.uk/terms for countries and details. Deposit needed for roaming in limited circumstances. EE pay monthly customers with compatible phone only ( check compatibility here ) in UK. EE accepts no responsibility for the quality, availability or coverage of WiFi networks and calls made or received over them. All calls or texts charged as per your EE price plan, see ee.co.uk/priceguides.. Available to new and existing Pay Monthly mobile customers who sign up to a home broadband plan.. Not available with 30 day SIM Only plans or non-lead sharer plans.. BT Sport app: The app is made available to pay monthly customers on 4GEE handset, SIM only phone and tablet plans as a 30 day rolling Add-On. If you’re a 4GEE WiFi customer, including SIM Only, you’re not eligible for the Add-On. To use the app customers must have a smartphone or tablet containing an EE SIM. All devices must use Android 4.3, Windows 10 or iOS 8 operating systems. Some in-app functionality is restricted on Windows 10. The Add-On costs £5 a month. To use the app you’ll need a TV licence for the household registered to your EE account. BT Sport is for your personal, non-commercial use in the UK. You must not attempt to share, edit or adapt the content made available to you. It’s your responsibility to ensure that content accessed by under 18s is suitable for those viewing it. Content available via the app may change from time to time. When you download and use the BT Sport app, you will use data that may decrement from your price plan’s inclusive allowance.. Apple Music Membership with data streaming on us: Offer available to EE pay monthly or SIM only phone plan customers. Individual Apple Music Membership free for 6 months. and for 6 months, data used whilst streaming/downloading from Apple Music will not decrement from your plan’s data allowance (UK only and excl Business Connect customers). Balance of plan data allowance required. Not available to customers who have already benefitted from our 6 months’ free Apple Music offer.. Apple Music Membership automatically renews after 6 months at £9.99/month and data used will decrement from your plan allowance. You can cancel at any time. Offer may only be redeemed once per customer. iOS 8.4 or Android 4.3 or later required. Apple ID required for full functionality. Personal, non commercial use in the UK only. Offer is non-transferable or available with any other Apple Music membership offer.. The fastest 4G plan in the UK:. Based on the Speed Network RootScore Award from the RootMetrics® UK RootScore® Report: H1 (Jan – Jun 2017). Tested at locations across the UK with the best commercially available smartphones on 4 national mobile networks across all available network types, conducting over 23K randomly sampled test cycles. EE tests carried out using 4GEE Max tariff with uncapped speeds. The RootMetrics award is not an endorsement of EE. 4G speeds depend on location & number of users. Based on results from the RootMetrics® UK RootScore® Report: Jan – June 2017. Tested at locations across the UK with the best commercially available smartphones on 4 national mobile networks across all available network types, conducing over 33K randomly sampled test cycles. The RootMetrics award is not an endorsement of EE. Austria, Azores, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Canary Islands, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guyana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece,. Guadeloupe, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Jersey, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madeira, Malta, Martinique, Mayotte, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Cyprus (not including Northern Cyprus), Reunion Islands, Romania, Saint Martin, Saint. Barthelemy, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Vatican City (Italy).. include the above plus Australia, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and USA.. Annual price increase based on the full price of your plan and/or additional commitment service. The price will increase from March each year. Please note the cost of any additional services you take from us might also increase or decrease while you’re an EE customer.. Available to new & eligible upgrading customers taking a £58.00/month Max Plan. £58/month is for S9 only, monthly cost for S9 + will be higher. Included in your plan: our fastest speeds & access to the BT Sport App on your mobile/tablet. You own device 6 months from plan start date.. 60GB for the price of 20GB: Offer available until to new and eligible upgrading customers joining a Max plan with a new Samsung S9/S9+ direct with us. After the price plan minimum term has expired you may lose the discount. Trade In: Available in selected retail stores or when you joining/upgrading direct with us over the phone or online. Trade-in a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge to qualify for a £250 credit that can be used to cover the upfront cost of the Samsung S9/S9+ when taken on a selected EE price plan. Your device must be in good working order and power up to qualify for the promotion. If you fail to send us a S7/S7 edge that (1) is in good working order or (2) that is as described you will be liable for the trade in price pf the phone being £150. You can still trade in a handset that isn’t a Samsung S7/S7 edge, but this will be subject to our normal trade-in terms and conditions, and will not form part of the offer advertised. Device cannot be returned so ensure all contacts & data has been backed up. We reserve the right to ask for proof of ownership. If you cancel your new plan or return your new device, you will not be able to retrieve your old phone & will only be offered, by way of refund, an amount equal to the trade in price given for your old phone being up to £150.. You will not be entitled to the additional credit provided under the offer. Full trade-in terms here and at ee.co.uk/help .. Pre-Order: your contract starts when your order is accepted but your plan will start at (and you will be charged from) the moment we send your new device out to you (i.e. Device will be sent out within 30 days of launch subject to availability, but we’ll aim to send it quicker than that. Orders placed in store for delivery in store only. Please note that delivery estimates for pre-order & recently launched devices can sometimes change.. We will always keep you updated on the progress of your order. You can cancel your pre-order if we don’t send your device within 30 days. If you cancel you will have to pay for services used. Early upgrade fees may apply to existing customers upgrading within their current minimum term. BT Sport: You need a TV licence. BT Sport is for your personal use in the UK. Other terms apply, see www.ee.co.uk/terms or ask in store for full details. Information & pricing correct as at 25.01.18.. the Orange website (opens in a new tab/window). the T-Mobile website (opens in a new tab/window). 
