Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. The Most Handsome Android Wear on the Market. | Posted on February 26, 2018 | No comments. Fire Emblem is Making its Name in Mobile…. | Posted on Feb 26, 2018. Fire Emblem Heroes – from being Nintendo favorite to…. Google Will Start Certifying Android Devices…. | Posted on Feb 26, 2018. It’s definitely not easy to find an Android device…. | Posted on Feb 22, 2018. Google, in its best effort, is uniting all of its several…. The Best Low-Cost Android Phone for…. | Posted on Feb 22, 2018. There is no doubt how far Android software has reached in…. Ultimate List of TowelRoot Pros and Cons – Should You Root?. | Posted on June 26, 2014 | 30 Comments. How to Fix Sudden Death Problem on Galaxy…. | Posted on Jan 8, 2013. The Samsung Galaxy S3 is the world’s most popular…. | Posted on Nov 24, 2012. Rooting your Android is the best way to gain access to some…. | Posted on Oct 5, 2012. NBA fans now have a way to bring their game on the road…. How to fix Google Play Store problems –…. | Posted on Nov 15, 2012. Not even the most hardcore Android…. Samsung Google Android apps Apple Root Android how to Best Android apps android how to Android tips Android Android security Android updates iphone android vs ios Android tips and tricks. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
Shop & support Shop & support. Account & services Account & services Account & services Billing & payments Back Billing & payments. View my bill View my bill View my bill Make a payment Make a payment Make a payment Payment activity & options Payment activity & options Payment activity & options. My wireless Back My wireless. Check usage Check usage Check usage Manage data Manage data Manage data Change wireless plan Change wireless plan Change wireless plan International options International options International options Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Add a device Add a device Add a device Buy accessories Buy accessories Buy accessories Get wireless support Get wireless support Get wireless support My DIRECTV Back My DIRECTV. View package details View package details View package details Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My U-verse TV Back My U-verse TV. View package details View package details View package details Change TV package Change TV package Change TV package Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My Internet Back My Internet. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My DSL Back My DSL. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My Dialup Back My Dialup. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My digital home phone Back My digital home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support My home phone Back My home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals Wireless Back Shop wireless. About wireless About wireless About wireless Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Connected devices Connected devices Connected devices International options International options International options Features & apps Features & apps Features & apps AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID Bring your own device Bring your own device Bring your own device AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program. Wireless support Wireless support Wireless support TV Back Shop TV. About TV About TV About TV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW U-verse TV U-verse TV U-verse TV International packages International packages International packages DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service TV support TV support TV support Internet Back Shop Internet. About Internet plans About Internet plans About Internet plans AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment. Move my service Move my service Move my service Internet support Internet support Internet support Home phone Back Shop home phone. About home phone About home phone About home phone Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Lifeline Lifeline Lifeline Phones & accessories Phones & accessories Phones & accessories. Move my service Move my service Move my service Home phone support Home phone support Home phone support Bundles Back Shop bundles. DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Smart technology Back Shop smart technology. About smart technology About smart technology About smart technology Smart home security Smart home security Smart home security Connected car Connected car Connected car Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Accessories Back Shop accessories. About accessories About accessories About accessories Cases Cases Cases Chargers Chargers Chargers Audio Audio Audio Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment Home accessories Home accessories Home accessories Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals More from AT&T Back More from AT&T. att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location. Support center Support center Support center Check order status Check order status Check order status Find a store Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us Contact us. Small business Small business Small business Enterprise business Enterprise business Enterprise business Partner solutions Partner solutions Partner solutions Government agency Government agency Government agency. Help me choose Help me choose Help me choose. You already have items in your cart for postpaid service. Sorry, but prepaid and postpaid service can't be combined in the same order. If you'd like to order both prepaid and postpaid service, please place two separate orders.. {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | dollars }} {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | onlycents }} /mo. Requires 0% APR {{minPrices.lease.leaseTotalMonths}}-month installment agreement, well-qualified credit and service. Now price is {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | dollars }} point {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | onlycents }} /mo. Original price was {{ minPrices.regular.listPrice | currency | dollars }} point {{ minPrices.regular.listPrice | currency | onlycents }}. Selecting Shop will take you away from att.com. Learn more about the Connected Marketplace .. from {{x.priceDisplay.price | currency}} /mo.. Enjoy DIRECTV ®,2 photos, and more on the 5.5" HD display.. Capture more details with an 8 MP camera, so you can view and share clear, bright photos.. HD Voice 3 technology delivers high-quality voice calls across the AT&T 4G LTE network. Stay powered up for hours so you can browse, talk, text, and listen. Entertainment on a stunning screen at an impressive price. With a vibrant 5.5" HD display, 8 MP camera, and much more, the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is designed to keep up with your busy life.. HD Voice 3 technology delivers high-quality voice calls across the AT&T 4G LTE network. Capture more details with the 8 MP camera, so you can view and share clear, bright photos.. The 3300mAh battery means you can browse, talk, text, and listen longer. With 16GB 6 of built-in memory, you can store more than 4,000 photos. 1 Plus, expand your memory up to an additional 256GB with a microSD™ card 7 for even more room.. 5.5-inch screen with Corning® Gorilla® Glass 4. 8 MP with autofocus and LED flash, and 4x digital zoom. Up to Full HD (1080p) @ 30 fps. Auto, Continuous Shot, HDR, Night, Panorama, Pro, Sports, Sound & Shot. Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 12. AT&T App Select, AT&T Call Protect, AT&T DriveMode®, AT&T Hot Spots, AT&T Messages Backup & Sync, AT&T Protect Plus, AT&T Remote Support, AT&T Smart Help, AT&T Smart Limits SM , AT&T Smart Wi-Fi, AT&T Visual Voice Mail, DIRECTV®, Lookout®, YPmobile®. Amazon® Shopping, Device Maintenance, Facebook®, Facebook App Manager, Google Drive™, Google Duo, Google Maps™, Google Photos™, Google Play™ Movies & TV, Google Play™. Store, Google Search, Hancom Office Viewer, iQi, Photo Editor, Samsung Galaxy Apps, Samsung Gallery, Samsung+, Secure Folder, UBER®, YouTube®. Provides fast, easy account access virtually anywhere, anytime.. Insert pictures, video clips, and sound clips easily (messaging charges apply).. See when messages are delivered, read, and when others are typing a response. Send larger picture and video files up to 10MB per attachment.. Get support for POP3/IMAP, Microsoft® Exchange ActiveSync®, and more.. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. The AT&T Eco-Rating 2.0 system gives you environmental and social details about this device. The system uses a total of 20 performance criteria across 5 different attributes:. 19/20 Please visit www.att.com/ecospace for additional information.. 1 Based on 2MB per picture.. Must be connected to same Wi-Fi network as receiver to use remote. Live streaming and Video on Demand channels may vary by TV package, viewing location, and device. Additional charges may apply for new releases. Out-of-home viewing requires high-speed Internet connection. Additional features and channels may be available for in-home live-streaming when connected to an HD DVR with high-speed data connection. All functions and programming subject to change at any time. Visit directv.com/everywhere for a list of compatible devices (sold separately) and details.. 3 HD Voice is not available in all areas. HD Voice Requirements: To experience HD Voice, both parties on the call must be located in an AT&T HD Voice coverage area and have an AT&T HD Voice-capable device and SIM with HD Voice set up on their account. Incompatible Services or Features: The following services and features are currently incompatible with HD Voice: prepaid service, Smart Limits, Ringback Tones, and OfficeDirect and OfficeReach (for business customers). HD Voice is available at no additional cost; standard voice rates apply and are charged according to your wireless rate plan.. 4 4G LTE not available everywhere. LTE is a trademark of ETSI. Learn more at att.com/network .. 6 Portion of memory occupied by existing content.. AT&T NEXT OR AT&T NEXT EVERY YEAR:. Tax on sales price due at sale. Requires 0% APR monthly installment agreement and eligible service. Divides sales price into monthly installments.. 30-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 80% of sales price is paid off.. 24-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 50% of sales price is paid off.. Limit as low as 2 smartphones at $0 down.. May be required and depends on a variety of factors. Down payment if required will be either 30% of sales price or a dollar amount ranging from currently $0 to $600 ( amount subject to change, and may be higher ). You may choose to pay more upfront. Remainder of sales price is divided into 30 or 24 monthly installments.. Eligible postpaid voice and data service (minimum $45 per month after AutoPay and Paperless billing discount for new customers. Pay $55 per month until discount starts within 2 bills. Existing customers can add to eligible current plans which may be less) is required and extra.. If service is cancelled, remaining installment agreement balance is due. $749.99 sales price on AT&T Next (30-month) with $0 down is $25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $17.50 per month, or with $600 down is $5 per month. On AT&T Next Every Year (24-month) with $0 down is $31.25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $21.88 per month, or with $600 down is $6.25 per month.. No upgrade fee for line with a smartphone purchased on an installment agreement prior to August 1, 2015.. Waiver of fee subject to change. Eligibility, device, line and financing limits & other restr’s apply.. Requires payment of percentage of sales price (50% or 80%), account in good standing, trade-in of financed device (or one of the same make and model) in good physical and fully functional condition through the AT&T Next or AT&T Next Every Year trade-in program (excludes AT&T trade-in program where you receive an instant credit or AT&T promotion card), and purchase of new eligible smartphone with qualified wireless service. After upgrade, unbilled installments are waived. and your Retail Installment Agreement for full details.. GENERAL WIRELESS SERVICE: Subject to wireless customer agreement ( att.com/wca ). Limits: Purchase and line limits apply. Credit approval, fees, monthly and other charges, usage, eligibility and other restrictions per line may apply. See att.com/additionalcharges for more details on other charges. Pricing and terms are subject to change and may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. Coverage and service are not available everywhere. You get an off-net (roaming) usage allowance for each service. If you exceed the allowance, your services may be restricted or terminated. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination. For info on AT&T network management policies see att.com/broadbandinfo .. FREE Express Shipping: Postpaid orders will be processed and shipped subject to credit approval, inventory availability, and validation of a proper shipping address and other information. CT will be processed the next business day. Inventory, credit, or other issues may delay shipment. No holiday, Saturday, or Sunday processing or delivery. Shipping policy is subject to change. Please note: It may take up to 24 hours to process your order if there are any issues with the credit approval process and/or the shipping address validation process. This 24-hour period is not included in the delivery time and should be taken into account in your order placement timing. Priority Shipments to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands may take more than 2 business days. Actual delivery date may also be affected by government processing, unforeseen weather, and shipping carrier delays. Learn more about AT&T shipping options at att.com/shop/wireless/free-shipping.html .. Buy a Samsung Galaxy smartphone on AT&T Next ® and get a Samsung Gear S2 for FREE*on a 2-year agreement. Activation (Up to $45 each) & early termination (up to $150) fees, other restr’s apply.. Must buy a Samsung Galaxy smartphone on AT&T Next or AT&T Next Every Year installment agmt w/ elig. postpaid monthly voice & data svc (min. $45 per month after AutoPay and Paperless billing discount for new eligible plan. Pay $55 per month until discount starts within 2 bills. Existing customers can add to eligible current plans which may be less).. If svc is cancelled, remaining installment agmt balance (up to $950) is due. Reqs a new 2-yr wireless agmt w/qual. voice & data svc (add a line to select existing plans for $10/mo.). Req’s Samsung acct, pairing w/compatible smartphone (see Samsung.com), Android 4.4+, and Samsung Gear app.. ( att.com/equipmentETF ): After 14 days, up to $150 on Watch.. Items may need to be purchased together.. If upgrading to a new smartphone on att.com, bundle pricing may not be available. If return smartphone w/ in 14 days w/o watch, will owe $209.99 discount. Restocking fees up to $45 each may also apply.. Bundle pricing may not be combinable w/credits, discounts & offers.. Credit approval, fees, monthly and other charges, usage, eligibility and other restrictions per line may apply. for more details on other charges.. Pricing and terms are subject to change and may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. Coverage and service are not available everywhere. You get an off-net (roaming) usage allowance for each service. If you exceed the allowance, your services may be restricted or terminated. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination. For info on AT&T network management policies see. Buy a Samsung Galaxy smartphone on AT&T Next ® and get a Samsung Gear S3 frontier or Gear S3 classic for $99.99* on a 2-year agreement. Activation (Up to $45/line) & early termination (up to $150) fees, other restr’s apply.. Must buy a Samsung Galaxy smartphone on AT&T Next or AT&T Next Every Year installment agmt w/ elig. postpaid monthly voice & data svc (min. $45 per month after AutoPay and Paperless billing discount for new eligible plan. Pay $55 per month until discount starts within 2 bills. Existing customers can add to eligible current plans which may be less).. If svc is cancelled, remaining installment agmt balance (up to $950) is due. Watch: Gear S3 frontier or classic only. Reqs a new 2-yr wireless agmt w/qual. voice & data svc (add a line to select existing plans for min. Req’s Samsung acct, pairing w/compatible smartphone (see Samsung.com), Android 4.4+, and Samsung Gear app.. ( att.com/equipmentETF ): After 14 days, up to $150 on Watch.. Items may need to be purchased together.. If upgrading to a new smartphone on att.com, bundle pricing may not be available. If return smartphone w/ in 14 days w/o watch, will owe $200 discount. Restocking fees up to $45 each may also apply.. Bundle pricing may not be combinable w/credits, discounts & offers.. Credit approval, fees, monthly and other charges, usage, eligibility and other restrictions per line may apply. for more details on other charges.. Pricing and terms are subject to change and may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. Coverage and service are not available everywhere. You get an off-net (roaming) usage allowance for each service. If you exceed the allowance, your services may be restricted or terminated. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination. For info on AT&T network management policies see. All talk, data, and standby times depend on network configuration.. All marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.. | Other Monthly Charges |. Returns Policy & Early Termination Fee |. Messaging & Data Charges |. Find a store Find a store Make a store appointment Make a store appointment Coverage maps Coverage maps Business customers Business customers. About AT&T About AT&T Contact us Contact us Feedback Feedback Ver en español. Legal policy center Legal policy center Privacy policy Privacy policy Terms of use Terms of use Broadband details Broadband details Advertising choices Advertising choices Accessibility Accessibility Site map Site map. Alert! As a security measure, your session is about to time out.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Continue to extend your session.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Save Cart to return at a later time or select Continue to extend your session.. Your myAT&T session has timed out. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to login to myAT&T.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. Alert! As a security measure, your session is about to time out.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Continue to extend your session.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Save Cart to return at a later time or select Continue to extend your session.. Your myAT&T session has timed out. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to login to myAT&T.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Jul 1, 2017. View all photos (7). The Galaxy J7 (2017) is the most expensive of the J 2017 series, as the phone comes with a 5.5-inch full HD (1080p) display and LTE Cat6 support. The phone is equipped with a similar 1.6GHz octa-core Exynos 7870 processor, 3GB RAM, and 16GB storage. Just like its smaller brother, Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) includes 13-megapixel cameras on the back and front. However, unlike the other two Galaxy J series phones, this one embeds a much bigger 3,600 mAh battery inside.. Dimensions: 6.00 x 2.94 x 0.31 inches (152.5 x 74.8 x 8 mm). Weight: 6.38 oz (181 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time (3G): 24.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: NFC, ANT+, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 06 Jun 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: € 339. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Samsung SM-J730F/DS , Samsung SM-J730F , Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Duos (SM-J730F/DS). Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Amazon India teases new Samsung Galaxy On handset which could be a rebranded Galaxy J7 Pro. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro unofficially available in the US via Amazon. Live images of the Samsung Galaxy C10 surface. The great Samsung 2017 mid-range series comparison: Galaxy A3, A5, A7 vs J3, J5, J7. Samsung Galaxy J3, J5, J7: 2017 vs 2016 versions. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 152.5 x 74.8 x 8 mm (6.00 x 2.94 x 0.31 in). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~73.1% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP, f/1.7, autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. 13 MP, f/1.9, LED flash, 1080p. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Basemark OS II: 1171 / Basemark X: 5489. Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.812 (sunlight). Voice 67dB / Noise 71dB / Ring 83dB. Versions: J730F/DS (Global Dual-SIM); J730FM/DS (UAE, Russia). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) - user opinions and reviews. Xiaomi Mi A1 or Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017)?. Why is there two galaxy J7 pro specs here but in different name that is J7 pro and in here is j7 2017. J7 plus has dual camera and plus higher screen resolution & amount of ram memory. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) or Huawei P10 Lite (2017) ??. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Huawei P10 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery Life and Conclusion. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T) Review. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T) Review. by Corey Gaskin. AT&T - AT&T + Samsung - Samsung + Android - Android +. 4 Call Quality, Battery Life and Conclusion. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) AT&T specifications. Introduction The latest Samsung Galaxy J7 was unveiled in Europe just over a month ago, and since then AT&T has started selling its own Galaxy J7 2017 – with specs and styling much more akin to the J7 V released for Verizon in March. In fact, the outward appearance of the phone shows that this is the same phone but with slightly tweaked internals. The J7 actually has many variants, all in the mid-range field. This particular one seems to blend elements from Verizon’s J7 V, released in March, and the unlocked 2016 Galaxy J7, which was released in April of last year. Selling for $240 off-contract, AT&T’s new J7 2017 has a lot of competition. This price and configuration lands it in the company of the higher spec’d 2016 J7, Motorola’s consistent and reliable G series, and even some solidly spec’d Chinese brands, like the well-received Honor 6X. Leaving aside screen size, the iPhone SE also competes in this price range. So, does this mix-n-match remix offer enough of Samsung’s flair and capability to win out decisively over these highly competitive, unlocked, and AT&T-friendly mid-rangers? Design Plainly put, it looks like a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung has certainly shown strength and innovation in designing flagships like the Galaxy S8 , so we know they’re more than capable in this area. Unfortunately, little, if any innovation has gone into the design of their mid-rangers, up to this point. At face value, the J7 looks a lot like a Galaxy Note 2 (minus some sensors) – a nearly five-year-old phone. The large metallic “Samsung” lettering and silver earpiece grille combine with the also silver, non-backlit haptic buttons, and silver bezel surrounding the home button – which lacks a fingerprint scanner – altogether giving this phone an aged look, evoking a throwback to Samsung’s days of plastic smartphones with silver plastic accents. Fortunately, the silver accents end there, as rubberized plastic coats the edges and backing of the phone. In back is a lone horizontal metal stripe, about a half-inch wide, which encompasses the 8 MP camera and single-LED flash – neither of which is raised from the backing. On the right side, you’ll find the phone's metal speaker grille, also encased in the metal stripe. Although an unusual placement, it’s one we didn’t mind, as we never found ourselves covering it, and projecting the sound forward is always a plus. Lower down on the right side, you’ll find the very clicky, even loud, lock button, placed exactly where it should be for accessibility. The similarly loud and clicky volume rocker on the left side, however, is slightly higher on the edge of the phone, requiring you to inch your fingers up the side to access it when using the phone with one hand. Looks aside, the thick rounded edges coupled with the intermediate 159-gram weight, lend the J7 to a solid in-hand feel. Thinner large-screened phones can often feel slippery in the hand, but the thicker, curved edges at least afford this handset a better grip. Display Surprisingly good clarity in most situations. For what the screen lacks in color range, it overcompensates with brightness The company opted for an LCD panel rather than AMOLED, for which most Samsungs are known. The J7 still pulls off some vibrant, and decently accurate colors in most situations. The display does lean quite noticeably toward the colder/bluish side, though, an affect that is seen most easily in its representation of purple, white, and some blues. We were surprised by the absence of our longing for a 1080p screen, though. Clocking in at 1280x720 and 267 ppi, this TFT display actually does a good job with detail. Zooming in on high-resolution photos produces none of the grain or pixelation we were dreading. We don’t mean to sound so surprised, but a 5.5-inch, 720p, TFT screen had us worried. The display is also a very bright one; maxing out at 628 nits, we had to keep the brightness way under the 25% mark just to make the screen easier to look at. No ambient light sensor exists, so you don’t have the option for auto-brightness, but rather the not-so-well-thought-out “outdoor mode” which raises the screens brightness for 15 minutes when enabled, or indefinitely if the screen remains on.. 5.96 x 3.01 x 0.34 inches. 151.5 x 76.4 x 8.6 mm. 5.76 x 2.81 x 0.31 inches. 146.3 x 71.3 x 7.9 mm. 5.75 x 2.81 x 0.31 inches. 146.1 x 71.4 x 7.9 mm. 5.94 x 3 x 0.32 inches. 150.9 x 76.2 x 8.2 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) AT&T Compare. (Posts: 152; Member since: 24 Oct 2012). posted on 31 Jul 2017, 20:19. Id like to see a comparison between things like this, the K20, the Stylo3 Plus, the Moto G4, and like... a LG G3 or Galaxy S4. Thats a common situation for a lot of folks. Keep an older flagship phone, or upgrade to a modern mid-ranger.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T) Review. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T) Review. Display 5.5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels (267 ppi) TFT. Size 5.96 x 3.01 x 0.34 inches (151.5 x 76.4 x 8.6 mm). Battery 3300 mAh, 40 hours talk time. Samsung Exynos 7 Octa, Octa-core, 1600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 2 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) review: a pleasant surprise. Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) review: the mid-range phone that thinks its a flagship. Samsung Galaxy S8 review: the curved wonder. Samsung introduced its new Galaxy J7 (2017) model this past summer, and it has been very popular. Is 2017 a good year for the J series? We endeavored to find out.. In the following in depth review, we explain all of the pros and cons of the device that we've found after several weeks of testing.. ✕ No USB Type-C port or fast charging. Lowest price: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) release date and price. Lowest price: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). In theory, Samsung's strategy is very clear: it offers entry-level, mid-range and high-end smartphones. But, it's not clear where the Galaxy J7 (2017) fits in that. Samsung Galaxy J7 is somewhere between the entry-level (J series), and the mid-range (A series). It's even on the heels of this year's Galaxy A5 model .. Galaxy J7 (2017) is going for $219 on Samsung's website. Depending on where you get it from, there are three color options: gold, blue and black.. The smartphone comes with 16 GB of internal storage and 3 GB of RAM. There is an extra slot to accommodate a second SIM card and a microSD card, with the possibility adding an extra 256 GB of storage.. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) design and build quality. Some of us still like you in the front. The main SIM card has its own spot.. Here is the Samsung Galaxy J7 Galaxy (2017).. The J7 (2017) clearly isn't a high-end device, but it doesn't look like the bottom of the barrel either. The design takes us back to the pre-Infinity Display era with a. classic Samsung look, like what we knew before the Galaxy S8 and Note 8. In other words, there's an oval home button on the front between two capacitative buttons, a micro USB port and a headphone jack.. The smartphone's body is made of metal, rather than the plastic of the last generation. The build quality is good for the price. and it feels nice to hold. Though, you'll probably have to use more than one hand. It is a phablet, after all.. On the left side, you will find the volume buttons and the main. Below you will find the location for the microSD card and for the second SIM card.. Note that the device is not waterproof, unlike the A5 (2017).. The fingerprint reader is located on the home button and it is a real pleasure to use: it is easy to reach and it works flawlessly.. have their fingerprint reader located very high in the back, where it is much less convenient.. In short, the Galaxy J7 (2017) looks a lot like the Galaxy A5 (2017), but doesn't quite reach that higher level overall.. Thanks to the AMOLED display, the blacks are deep. a Super AMOLED screen on the Galaxy J7 (2017), and it leaves a good impression.. Its Full HD (1,080 x 1,920 pixels) definition is an appreciable upgrade from the previous model's HD display, and the pixel density, 401 ppi, is satisfactory for a display. The display is still 5.5 inches this time around, with bezels above and below the display giving it a screen to body ration of 73.1 percent.. In practice, the screen is satisfying. and the maximum brightness (511 cd / m²) is. enough to use in the sun without trouble.. It's no surprise that the J7 (2017) won't ship with Android Oreo , which was released in late August. That being said, it's not even getting the newest version of Android Nougat. Instead, it's shipping with Android 7.0 and Samsung Experience 8.1. (Samsung Experience is the new name for TouchWiz, in case you hadn't heard.) Aside from this, the real disappointment comes from the security patch level, which is still at June rather than the current month of October (at the time of writing).. As I explained in the review of the. Galaxy A3 (2017) , Samsung has done a good job with. The bloatware is limited to its own apps, Google apps and some Microsoft applications, and the Upday widget which can only be disabled, but not deleted.. The interface has become more fluid and, above all, nicer to look at.. also now has Game Launcher, like the devices in. the A, S and Note series.. This isn't the most useful thing in the world since this isn't a great gaming smartphone, but it's there for those interested.. Another notable feature is the Always On Display mode, which can be turned off if desired.. 3DMark Slingshot OpenGL 3.0 : 329. 3DMark Ice Storm Unlimited : 8314. This Galaxy J7 (2017) uses the same midrange processor, the Exynos 7870, from the Galaxy A3 (2017).. Yes, Samsung places a mid-range processor on its best entry-level smartphone. If it's not broken, why fix it?. Mali-P830 GPU which, let's be clear, will not be able to handle games with intense graphics smoothly. You'll still be able to play most simple games, though. buy an entry-level smartphone, you can't expect premium performance.. There's 3 GB of RAM, which. I only experienced slowdowns on two occasions while pushing multitasking to the limit. Any weakness in the device is very minor, and there's nothing disappointing to report in terms of performance.. You can get a more theoretical idea of its performance by taking a look at the benchmarking scores below. Notably, the Galaxy J7 (2017) scores better than the Galaxy A3 on Geekbench and PCMark Work Performance, but it ranks lower on the other benchmarks.. The speaker is on the right edge. The Galaxy J7 (2017) has a. speaker on the side, above the power button.. This isn't a very wise placement because it means it will get covered by your hand all the time.. The quality isn't perfect, but that's not a surprise for a device of this price range. The maximum volume is high enough, but there's a drop in quality that comes with higher volume, of course.. headphones in the box and they're fine, but don't expect amazing results. It would be difficult to ask more of device at. In general, the volume is adequate, contrary to what is sometimes found in the competition.. As for call quality, I could understand and be understood during calls without the slightest problem.. The camera has a 13 MP IMX258 sensor. Several modes are at your disposal. Gallery of photos taken with the. The rear camera of the Galaxy J7 (2017) uses the Sony IMX258 sensor from the. It's a 13 MP sensor with an f / 1.7 aperture.. It sounds promising on paper, but it can't match. the Galaxy S8 or other flagships. That said, for a camera in this range, the camera is no slouch.. When the light conditions are decent. and the contrast is limited, this 1 / 3.06 inch sensor. But it shows some limits and can't manage light well.. In poor lighting conditions, noise becomes readily apparent.. There is also no optical stabilization, which can annoy those don't have the most steady hands. because the shutter time is 1/17 of a second, this can result in. As for the color representation, there's a. lack of contrast and the colors can be a little pale.. Of course, if you only want to do a few pictures from time to time in good light for the simple purpose of posting them on Instagram, this smartphone should meet your needs. The pro mode allows you to set the ISO, white balance and brightness correction.. The front camera is also 13 MP (with an aperture of f / 1.9) and also has an LED flash.. Overall, the result is just right for a device of this price range,. but it could be better, especially with the details.. Even if it is not as good as its colleagues in the A series, the Galaxy J7 (2017) has good battery life.. It has a 3,600 mAh capacity, which sounds rather promising on paper.. basic use (WhatsApp, surfing, some YouTube videos...) you'll reach a full day, or even two if you aren't too greedy.. Unlike the A5 (2017), the J7 (2017) does not offer fast charging,. and it does not have a USB Type-C port. Instead, it packs a good old microUSB port of yesteryear.. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) technical specifications. 152.5 x 74.8 x 8 mm. 1920 x 1080 pixels (401 ppi). HSPA, LTE, NFC, Dual-SIM , Bluetooth 4.1. The Galaxy J7 (2017) is a good smartphone that could even be mistaken for an A series device.. It has a specs sheet similar to that of the A3 (2017).. The design is also a clear reminder that it's cut from the same cloth, despite the lack of waterproofing and no USB Type-C port.. All this translates into a smartphone that's not very innovative in terms of design but still pretty, and powerful enough to run most games fluidly.. It's unlikely that you'll regret your purchase if you're looking at a device of this price range. It's a great deal and it doesn't miss the mark anywhere except photo quality. Indeed, the camera's results are the only thing to remind us which range the phone belongs to.. As for alternatives, smartphones as convincing at the price point. There are a few worthy of mention: the. Huawei P9 has come down in price, then there's the smaller but cheaper. Samsung Galaxy A3 and finally the Galaxy A5 which has a fairly similar price.. I think it is the best budget phone for mid rage customers. I just purchased a J7, but i can't seem to find the fingerprint option and even when i write it in the search bar it has no clue what i'm talking about.. MWC 2018 live updates: the Galaxy S9 struts its stuff. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
( GSM / HSPA / LTE ). 2G: GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). 3G UMTS: HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 4G FDD LTE: LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Android 7.0 Nougat with Samsung Experience. Non Removable Li-Ion 3600 mAh battery. megapixels (1080p) FHD video recording @ 30. Hz Front camera with selfie flash. This mobile phone–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it .. : 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac (2.4/5 GHz). USB 3.0 (Micro-B port, USB charging) USB OTG. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 is an Android smartphone produced by Samsung Electronics. It was unveiled and released in July 2017 along with the Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017). [1] It has an advanced 64-bit class system on a chip (SoC) backed by 3. The Galaxy J7 (2017) costs around $240 in the U.S. The Galaxy J7 (2017) is the successor to the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016).. The Galaxy J7 2017 features a 13 megapixels rear camera with LED flash, f/1.7 aperture, auto-focus and a 13 megapixels front-facing camera with f/1.9 aperture, also equipped with LED flash [2]. The Galaxy J7 (2017) is available at the major carriers following the Galaxy J3.. The phone is powered by Exynos 7870 Octa, a 1.6. GHz Octa Core processor, Mali-T830 MP1 GPU and 3. GB RAM with 16. GB of internal storage and a 3600. It also allows you to expand up to 256 GB with a MicroSD card. The phone also introduces the 2nd J series phone (after the J5 (2017) to have a Fingerprint Sensor and Samsung Pay.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is packed with a 1920x1080 (16;9 Ratio, 401 PPI Density) SUPER AMOLED Display. It also features an Always-On Display with a 5.5 (73.1% screen-to-body ratio) inch screen.. This phone comes with Android 7.0. It supports 4G VoLTE with dual SIM enabled 4G. It also supports Samsung Knox and Samsung Pay [3] It is expected along with other phones including the Samsung Galaxy S8, Note 8, A7 (2017), J5 (2017), J3 (2017), S7, S6 and Note 5 to get Android 8.0 Oreo in 2018.. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J7 2017". ^ "Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) price, specifications, features, comparison". ^ "Samsung Galaxy J7 2017". Samsung smartphones by operating system. Galaxy W ( Exhibit II 4G ). G920x (Galaxy S6) G925x (Galaxy S6 Edge) G928x (Galaxy S6 Edge+). G930x (Galaxy S7) G935x (Galaxy S7 Edge). G950x (Galaxy S8) G955x (Galaxy S8 Plus). Google Nexus (for Nexus S ). SGH for GSM Handset. SCH for CDMA (non-Sprint) Handset. SPH for CDMA (Sprint) Handset. GT for Global Telecommunications. SM for Samsung Mobile. Categories : Samsung mobile phones Samsung Galaxy Smartphones Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Mobile technology stubs. Hidden categories: All stub articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 24 December 2017, at 10:07. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 33-48 of 362 results for "samsung galaxy j7 2017". See all results for samsung galaxy j7 2017 .. [3-PACK] VUV Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 V (2017 Version ONLY) [Will Not Fit For 2015 and 2016 Version] [Tempered Glass] Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T), Samsung Galaxy .... [Nakedshield] Phone Case For Samsung [Galaxy J7/J7V[2017][J7 Prime/Perx/Sky Pro][Galaxy Halo] [Black/Black] Shock Proof [Screen Protector]- [American Eagle] Print Design. by Nakedshield for Samsung [Galaxy J7/J7V[2017][J7 Prime/Perx/Sky Pro][Galaxy Halo]. THIS CASE ONLY FIT Samsung [ Galaxy J7 /J7V[ 2017 ]/Prime/Perx/Sky Pro/Halo .... Galaxy J7 V Case, Galaxy J7 Perx Case, Galaxy J7 Sky Pro Case, JanCalm [Multi Card/Cash Slots] [Butterfly Pattern] Flip Cover Wallet PU Leather [Wrist Strap] with Stand + Crystal pen (Brown). Galaxy J7 Sky Pro, Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 ). Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7V (Verizon) / J7 2017 / Galaxy J7 Perx Screen Protector, GPROVA Shatter-Proof and Bubble Free Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy J7 (Clear 2 Pack). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Specifically designed for Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 ) Screen Protector.. Galaxy J7 V Case, Galaxy J7 Sky Pro Case, Galaxy J7 Perx Case, Arukas [Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Armor Defender Protective Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 (black). [Nakedshield] Phone Case For Samsung [Galaxy J7/J7V[2017][J7 Prime/Perx/Sky Pro][Galaxy Halo] [Black/Black] Shock Proof [Screen Protector]- [Ying and Yang] Print Design. by Nakedshield for Samsung [Galaxy J7/J7V[2017][J7 Prime/Perx/Sky Pro][Galaxy Halo]. THIS CASE ONLY FIT Samsung [ Galaxy J7 /J7V[ 2017 ]/Prime/Perx/Sky Pro/Halo .... Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Pro 2018 SM-J250F/DS 4G LTE 16GB 8MP Quad Core International Version (Blue). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Galaxy Grand Prime Pro features a rear .... Professional Ultra SanDisk 32GB Galaxy J7 (2017) MicroSDHC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Samsung. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Finally, a CUSTOM and GUARANTEED MicroSDHC to use with your Galaxy J7 ( 2017 )!. Galaxy J7 V Case, Galaxy J7 Perx Case, Galaxy J7 Prime Case, Galaxy J7 Sky Pro Case, Moment Dextrad [Non-slip Grip] [Dual Layer] Impact Resistant Shock-Absorption Galaxy J7 2017 Case (Black). Samsung Galaxy J7 V / Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 / Samsung Galaxy J7 .... Galaxy J7 V Case, Galaxy J7 Perx Case, Galaxy J7 Sky Pro Case,JanCalm [Wrist Strap] [Dream Catcher Pattern] Premium PU Leather [Multi Card/Cash Slots] STAND Flip Cover With Crystal pen (Black). Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. Galaxy J7 Sky Pro, Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 ). Galaxy J7 V Case, Galaxy J7 Perx Case, Galaxy J7 Sky Pro Case, JanCalm [Multi Card/Cash Slots] [Butterfly Pattern] Flip Cover Wallet PU Leather [Wrist Strap] with Stand + Crystal pen (Red). Galaxy J7 Sky Pro, Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 ). Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730F/DS 16GB Blue Silver, 5.5", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Coohole Fashion Rubber Impact Armor Case Back Hybrid Cover For Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Product Features Compatible for Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017. Galaxy J7 2017 Case, Galaxy J7 2017 Cartoon Silicone Case, SOGOLA Cute 3D Cartoon Macaroon Silicone Gel Rubber Case Cover Skin for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 - (Pony). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features ※Package include: 1 x lovely Macaroon 3D Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Galaxy J7 V Case, J7 Prime / Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / J7 Perx / J7 2017 Case, JanCalm Luxury PU Leather Wallet Flip Protective Case with [Multi Card/Cash Slots] STAND Flip Magnetic Cover + pen (Rose Gold). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Compatible with : Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 ) / Galaxy J7 Prime / Galaxy .... For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / J7 Prime / J7 2017 / Galaxy Halo Case , Matop Luxury PU Leather Wallet Flip Protective Case Cover with Card Slots (Pink rose). Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Halo Case 2017 Released [NOT compatible with Samsung Galaxy J7 2015 .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for samsung galaxy j7 2017. All Listings - Current page. results for samsung galaxy j7 2017. Save samsung galaxy j7 2017 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow samsung galaxy j7 2017 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Ultra Thin Hybrid Hard Phone Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S7 S8 Plus J3/5/7 Pro. Full Cover Tempered Glass Protector Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 /J3 J5 J7 2016/2017. 2x Tempered Glass Protective Screen Protector Film for Samsung Galaxy J1 2 3 5 7. For Samsung Galaxy J7 V | J7 (2017) | Perx | Sky Pro Dual Case - Unique Designs. 2x For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 / J7 Sky Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. For Samsung Galaxy J3/5/7 Pro Shockproof Rubber Rugged Silicone Matte Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 A3 2017 Slim Luxury Ultra-thin Hard Back Case Cover. For Samsung J3 J5 J7 Pro 2017 Luxury Flip Leather Wallet Magnetic New Case Cover. Disney Soft Silicone Phone Case Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 New. Soft Clear TPU Case Soft Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy j3 j5 j7 2017 EU version. Mirror View Cover Flip Stand Case Skin For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 J3 J5 J7 2017. Hybrid Shockproof Soft Clear Case For Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Phone Cover S7Edge. For Samsung Galaxy J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 Cute 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Phone Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3 2016 A5 2017 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Back Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Exact Prism Series Shockproof TPU Bumper Case Teal. For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Luxury Soft TPU Silicone Rubber Cover Case. For Samsung Galaxy S8 J3/J5J7 2017 Electroplating Soft Silicone TPU Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Case Shockproof Protective Armor Hard Cover. Luxury Case For Samsung S8/9 J3/5/7 Pro 2017 Hybrid Rubber Crystal Diamond Cover. 360° Full Cover Slim PC Case Cover + Tempered Glass For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7. Luxury Bling Glitter Soft Silicone Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Note 8. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro Luxury Full Cover Shockproof Hybrid Phone Case. For Samsung Galaxy J7 J5 J3 2017 Slim Shockproof Ultra-thin Hard Back Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle Pro Fullbody Screen Protector. For Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Exact Prism Series Shockproof TPU Bumper Case Black. Genuine Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover For Samsung A3 A5 A7 J3 J5 J7 2017 2016. For Samsung Galaxy J5 J7 Case Luxury Ultra Slim Hard Matte Protective Cover Skin. Hybrid Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Samsung Galaxy Note 8 J3/J5/J7 2017. For Samsung Galaxy J7 J5 A5 2017 Ultra Thin Slim Hard Cover Case +Tempered Glass. Hybrid Shockproof Armor Case Kickstand Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro 2017 Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Skin. For Samsung Galaxy J3 5 7 2016 2017 Metal Back Cover Aluminum Frame Mirror Case. 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Rubber Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 US. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 2016 Wallet Leather Card Flip Stand Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 A7 Luxury Slim Clear Shockproof Hybrid Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro 2017 A5 J3 Luxury Mirror Plating Clear Flip Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 2016 2017 Silicone TPU Mirror Case Back Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J5 J7 Pro 2017 ShockProof Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Case Shockproof Protective Armor Hard Cover. New Front Touch Screen Glass Lens Cover For Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro J730 (2017). For Samsung S7 S8 J3/J5/J7 2017 Durable Leather Wallet Magnetic Flip Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 Ultra-thin Colorful Shockproof Case Skin Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro Flip Stand Painted Wallet Leather Case Cover. For Samsung J3 J5 J7 2017 Ultra Slim Soft TPU Silicone Painted Back Case Cover. 6Pcs Tempered Glass 9H Film Screen Protector For Samsung Galaxy J1 2 3 5 7 2017. Ultra Thin Slim PC Mesh Hard Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S6 S7 S8+ J5 J7 A5 A7. Clear Soft TPU Silicone Case Cover Skins For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 2017. For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Luxury Soft TPU Silicone Rubber Cover Case. Protective Case TPU Soft Cover Back For Samsung Galaxy J730/J7(2017)E U Version. For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Case Shockproof Protective Armor Hard Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J5/J7 Pro Luxury Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover. Fashion Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Skin Case For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 A3 A5 A7 View Window Leather Stand Cover Flip Case. For Samsung Galaxy J7/J5/J3 Pro 2017 Silicone Rubber Case Shockproof Matte Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J7 J5 J3 Luxury Ultra-thin Matte Shockproof Back Case Cover. Luxury Mirror Case For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 EU Dual Sim Protective Cover. For Samsung Galaxy j3 j5 j7 2016 2017 Transparent Clear TPU Case Soft Back Cover. Leather Stand Wallet Flip Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2016 A3 A5 2017. For Samsung Galaxy J7 V | J7 (2017) | Perx | Sky Pro Shockproof Dual Layer Case. 3-Pack For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 / J7 Sky Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy J7 Perx / Galaxy J7 V (2017). [SUPCASE® OFFICIAL] SHIPS FAST FROM ATLANTA GA, USA!!. Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy J7 Perx / Galaxy J7 V (2017). 360° Case Full Cover & Shockproof Protective Case. For Samsung S8 S7 S6 edge Plus J5/J7/A5/A7(2016)(2017). For Samsung Galaxy S6 S7 Edge S8 Note 8 A3 A5 A7 2017. Samsung J3 J5 J7 For 2015 J300 J310 J500 J700. Over 6000 Sold,Hot Sales!New For Samsung Note 8/J7 Plus. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Retail package, 360-degree spin, design 3. Telephony, loudspeaker, text input, messaging, other apps 7. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (79). Samsung Android Dual SIM. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) key features:. Screen: 5.5" 1080p Super AMOLED screen (401ppi); Always On Display. OS: Android 7.0 Nougat; Bixby virtual assistant. Chipset: 14nm octa-core Exynos 7870 (8 x 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 cores). Memory: 3GB of RAM; 16/32GB storage, dedicated microSD slot for expansion. Camera: Primary 13MP, f/1.7, LED flash; Secondary 13MP, f/1.9, LED flash. Connectivity: nano SIM (dual SIM version available); LTE (Cat. 6); dual-band Wi-Fi ac; Bluetooth 4.2; FM Radio; microUSB; 3.5mm jack. Misc: Fingerprint reader, Samsung Pay. Same GPU as the J7 (2016), yet twice as many pixels on the screen. The Galaxy J7 (2017) is the latest annual edition of an already popular phone. The J series has already shaped up as a home to some solid midrange propositions, and the Galaxy J7 (2017) is meant to spice things up even further. The newcomer is blurring the lines between the J series and the A series- just as we thought we had Samsung's portfolio segmentation all figured out.. The J phones have been enjoying a killer key-selling feature, and that's Samsung's Super AMOLED screens. The Galaxy J7 (2017) is no different; this time around it's a high-tier screen with 1080p resolution, but Samsung didn't stop the upgrades there. The new model builds on the 2016 model with a premium-looking unibody a high-res selfie camera with a flash, more RAM, and a newer Android.. The Exynos 7870 chip was the only part which was passed up for promotion, still stuck in 2016. It's still a nicely power-efficient 14nm chipset, so it should surely provide great battery life. Either Samsung built a great chip ahead of its time, or they just felt confident that the rest of the value-adding upgrades would make up for this omission. And with these attractive specs, we are not sure we can blame them.. Having an old-gen chipset takes its toll - the Galaxy J7 (2017) lacks 4K video capture, for starters. But our major concern is with the graphic performance, as the processing power hasn't increased, yet the J7 must handle twice as many pixels.. But then again there are so many improvements which will probably make the old chipset easier to swallow. And while we are wondering whether the Galaxy J7 (2017) can deliver adequate performance or not, it's time we get this review started and find out what's hot and what's not.. Retail package, 360-degree spin, design 3. Telephony, loudspeaker, text input, messaging, other apps 7. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (79). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung CEO on foldable Galaxy X: We're ensuring it's no gimmick. You can now pre-book a Galaxy S9 or S9+ in India. Here's the first TV ad for the Samsung Galaxy S9. Galaxy S9 and S9+ pre-orders start in Canada as well. 
Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Samsung Galaxy S7 Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy S7. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy S7: 116 facts in comparison. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. Damage resistant glass (such as Corning Gorilla Glass or Asahi Dragontrail Glass) is thin, lightweight, and can withstand high levels of force.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. Dustproof/water resistant at depth equal to or greater than 1 meter.. Optical image stabilization uses gyroscopic sensors to detect the vibrations of the camera. The lens adjusts the optical path accordingly, ensuring that any type of motion blur is corrected before the sensor captures the image.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) (Android 7.0 Nougat). Samsung Galaxy S7 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). The manufacturer offers a branded wireless charging kit. To charge the device, you simply put it down on its charging base.. All DLNA certified products are compatible with one another. When different devices are connected to the same network, data can be transferred easily between them.. Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. NFC (near field communication) allows a device to perform simple wireless transactions.. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 - Phone Wallets, Wristlets & Clutches. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Blue. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Brown. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Fitness Armband, Black. Protects your from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 5.38(H) x 2.75(W) x 0.31(D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Black. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Oversized Premium Vertical Finished Leather Case, Black. Oversized Hand-Crafted Vertical Leather Carrying Case. Designed for the Device equipped with a heavy-duty or snap-on protective cover. Size: 5.19(H) x 2.99(W) x 0.86(D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Navy. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Genuine Leather Stitched Pieces Crossbody, Black. Removable & Adjustable crossbody strap for comfort and convenience. Dimensions: 4.1 (H) x 7.6 (W) x 0.8 (D) in. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Blue. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -LUXMO Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Smart Phone Case with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 3.15 (H) x 6.1 (W) x 0.52 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Rose Red. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Purple. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Vegan Leather Laser-Cut Leaf Clutch wallet, Brown. Closure features metal golden leaf detail. Multiple interior card slots and compartments. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Gray. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Light Blue. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Light Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Brown. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Red. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Armband Case, Purple. Protects your {brand-model} from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 4.6 (H) x 2.4 (W) x 0.5 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Holiday Special Striped Horizontal LeatherCase with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 2.3 (H) x 4.7 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Black. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Genuine Leather Shoulder / Crossbody Handbag, Brown. Small but spacious purse for going out. Firm magnetic snap flap closure keeps contents safe. Three interior pockets hold your phone and other accessories. Zippered pocket accommodates change and other small items. Crossbody strap can adjust to your convenience for various ways to wear. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Magnetic Leather Wallet with Extra Card Flap and Wristlet, Black. Designed to act as a stand. Precision-fit Heavy-Duty hard shell interior phone holder. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Brown. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Brown. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Purple. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Forest Green. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet, Purple. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 10,000 results for "samsung+galaxy+j7 2017". Click Try in your search results to watch thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost with an Amazon Prime membership.. Samsung Galaxy J7v Case / J7 (2017) Case / J7 Prime Case / J7 Perx Case / J7 Sky Pro Case, Galaxy Halo Swivel Slim Belt Clip Holster Protective Case, Defender Cover [Kickstand] for Galaxy Halo - Black. Holster Clip for Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 ( 2017 ) / J7 Perx / J7 Sky .... [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730GM/DS 32GB Gold, Dual Sim, 5.5", 13MP, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730GM/DS 32GB Gold, Dual Sim, 5. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro (32GB) J730G/DS ( Black ) 5.5" Full HD Dual SIM Unlocked Phone with FingerPrint Sensor (US and Latin LTE). Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (32GB) G610F/DS - 5.5" Dual SIM Unlocked Phone with Finger Print Sensor (Gold). $99.00 (14 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (32GB) G610F/DS - 5.5" Dual SIM Unlocked Phone .... OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017)/Galaxy J7 V/Galaxy Halo/Galaxy J7 Perx/Galaxy J7 Prime/Galaxy J7 Sky Pro - Retail Packaging – BLACK. $13.40 (15 used &amp new offers). Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 )/Galaxy J7 V/Galaxy Halo/Galaxy .... Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro (32GB) J730G/DS - 5.5" Full HD Dual SIM Unlocked Phone with Finger Print Sensor (US & Latin 4G LTE) (Pink). In stock on March 7, 2018. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. [3-PACK]-Mr Shield For Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 V (2017 Version ONLY) [Will Not Fit For 2015 and 2016 Version] [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Please Note: Samsung Galaxy J7V / J7 V ( 2017 Version) screen has curved .... Spigen Rugged Armor Galaxy J7 2017 Case, J7 Prime, J7 2017(AT&T), J7 Sky Pro, J7 Perx case with Resilient Shock Absorption and Carbon Fiber Design for Samsung Galaxy J7 V 2017 - Black. Galaxy J7 Sky Pro, Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Galaxy J7 2017 Screen Protector, [2-Pack] HPTech Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime / J7 V / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro [ONLY 2017 Version] 9H Hardness Premium Tempered Glass with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. ONLY fit for Galaxy J7 2017 / J7 Prime and J7 Perx .... Galaxy J7 Sky Pro, Perx [2017] Screen Protector Glass (Full Screen Coverage), amFilm Bye-Bye-Bubble Samsung Galaxy J7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector [2017] [Case Friendly] Screen Protector. designed for Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 Only, NOT 2016, or J7 .... [3 PACK] Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7V (Verizon) / J7 2017 / Galaxy J7 Perx / Galaxy J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy J7 Prime / Galaxy Halo Screen Protector, LK [Tempered Glass] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T), Samsung Galaxy .... Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case, SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle Pro Series Full-body Rugged Holster Case with Built-in Screen Protector for Galaxy J7 2017/J7 V/J7 Sky Pro/J7 Perx/J7V 2017/J7 Prime (Pink/Gray). 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J7 (J727 2017 Release, including J7 V / .... Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case, SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle Pro Series Full-body Rugged Holster Case with Built-in Screen Protector for Galaxy J7 2017/J7 V/J7 Sky Pro/J7 Perx/J7V 2017/J7 Prime (Black/Black). 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J7 (J727 2017 Release, including J7 V / .... Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case, SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle Pro Series Full-body Rugged Holster Case with Built-in Screen Protector for Galaxy J7 2017/J7 V/J7 Sky Pro/J7 Perx/J7V 2017/J7 Prime (Blue). 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J7 (J727 2017 Release, including J7 V / .... For Samsung Galaxy J7 V / J7 2017 / J7 Prime / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / Galaxy Halo Case, LK [Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Armor Defender Protective Case Cover (Black). Galaxy J7 V (Verizon), Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (AT&T), Samsung Galaxy .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Skip to content Skip to accessibility help. It looks like you're in Canada Do you want to visit Samsung.com Canada ?. Please choose one of the following :. By using the samsung.com websites, you agree to the use of cookies by us and third parties to enhance your experience. For more information, click here and to change your cookie setting, click here.. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. Samsung Galaxy J7+ Price in Malaysia - RRP RM1,299. Samsung Galaxy J7+ Price in Malaysia - RRP RM1,299. Rear Dual Camera 13 MP (f1.7) + 5 MP (f1.9). Samsung Galaxy J7+ Price in Malaysia - RRP RM1,299. Price in Malaysia is inclusive of 6 percent GST. Get alerts on when this is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email to opt into alerts.. Please double check your email address. By providing your email you agree to marketing communications & stock alerts from Samsung. The item is in the cart.. Reply to a message while watching a video. Browse the web and play a game at the same time. Complete multiple tasks with ease on one screen with the Multi Window & Pop up Window function. One phone, two messenger accounts. Create two messenger accounts for up to 16 apps* so you can separate business related messages from private ones.. *The availability of app services may vary by country. *The availability of app services may vary by country. The Samsung J7+ now comes with advanced security which allows you to unlock your device using your unique fingerprint.. Protect your personal data and private files with the Secure Folder. Accessible through the fingerprint scanner, you can rest assured that your privacy is only available to you.. With Samsung J7+'s Always On Display, check your most important notifications at a glance without even unlocking your phone.. The polished , rounded edges provide a smooth and perfect grip. This solid and durable phone is available in Black and Gold.. What is the RRP for the Galaxy J7+?. Samsung Galaxy J7+ price in Malaysia - RM 1,599 is inclusive of 6% GST. The display size is 5.5" and the display type is Full HD Super AMOLED. What is the dimension of the Galaxy J7+?. How heavy is the Galaxy J7+?. What is the RAM and ROM size?. RAM is 4GB and ROM is 32GB with expandable storage up to 256GB. How many SIMs are supported for Galaxy J7+?. Does Galaxy J7+ have a dedicated slot for memory cards?. No, it has a hybrid card slot. SIM 1 + Hybrid (SIM 2 or microSD card). Does Galaxy J7+ have dual camera?. Yes, it has a dual camera for the back and it is Samsung's first dual camera for the Galaxy J Series. The dual camera is for the front or the back camera?. The dual camera is for the back camera which is 13MP (f/1.7) and 5MP (f/1.9). Does the Galaxy J7+ camera have auto focus?. Only the 13MP (f/1.7) back camera supports auto focus. Does the Galaxy J7+ camera have OIS?. Does the Galaxy J7+ camera have flash?. Yes, both the back and front camera has an LED flash each. What is the Galaxy J7+ dual camera type?. RGB for the 13MP (f/1.7) and Mono for the 5MP (f/1.9). Does the Galaxy J7+ camera have zoom functionality?. Yes, the phone has 4x digital zoom feature for the 13MP (f/1.7) back camera. How many processor cores does the Galaxy J7+ have?. Octa Core (2.39GHz Quad + 1.69GHz Quad Core). Does Galaxy J7+ support VOLTE (Voice Over LTE) / 5G compatibility?. Does Galaxy J7+ support Samsung Pay (MST or NFC type)?. No, it does not support Samsung Pay. Which USB type does the Samsung Galaxy J7+ use (Type B or Type C)?. Does Galaxy J7+ support fast charging?. Does Galaxy J7+ support wireless charging?. Does Galaxy J7+ comes with any earphone jack?. Yes, it has a 3.5mm earphone jack. What are the sensor types available?. Accelerometer, Fingerprint Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Light Sensor, Proximity Sensor, SVC LED. Which OS does Galaxy J7+ run on?. Does Galaxy J7+ support USB OTG?. Does Galaxy J7+ have a fingerprint sensor?. Does Galaxy J7+ have an Iris Scanner?. How many colours are available for Galaxy J7+?. SIM 1 + Hybrid (SIM or MicroSD). 2G GSM, 3G WCDMA, 4G LTE FDD, 4G LTE TDD. B1(2100), B3(1800), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B20(800), B28(700). Accelerometer, Fingerprint Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, RGB Light Sensor, Proximity Sensor. MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, WMV, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. Gear Circle (Manager Support), Gear Fit, Gear Fit2, Gear2, Gear2 Neo, Gear S, Gear S2, Gear S3, Gear IconX. Spare Parts Cost See The Answer. I am sending my device for service. How to check the Repair Status?. I am sending my device for service. How to check the Repair Status? See The Answer. Up to 256 GB Expandable Memory. * Key feature may different from Key Spec. * The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider. * Usable memory size is less than the total memory size due to storage of the operating system and software required to operate the phones' features. Actual usable memory size will also vary depending on the mobile phone operator and may change after software upgrades are performed. * All specifications and descriptions provided herein may be different from the actual specifications and descriptions for the product. Samsung reserves the right to make changes to this web page and the product described herein, at anytime, without obligation on Samsung to provide notification of such change. All functionality, features, specifications, GUI and other product information provided in this web page including, but not limited to, the benefits, design, pricing, components, performance, availability, and capabilities of the product are subject to change without notice or obligation. The contents within the screen are simulated images and are for demonstration purposes only.. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -My.Carbon 3-in-1 Rugged Case with Holster, Black/Purple. My.Carbon 3-in-1 Shell & Holster Combo. Rubberized polycarbonate shell for scratch and drop protection. Unique slide-in design for simplicity and ease of use. Precision cutouts for access to ports, controls, speakers and camera. Attach holster to bag, belt, pocket or purse. High-quality, rotatable clip doubles as a kickstand. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Rainbow Butterflies Design Slim Hybrid Rugged Case, Multi-Color. All around protection for your phone, including buttons. Defends against scratches, cracks and bumps. Cutouts for camera, speakers and ports for full functionality. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Brushed Metal Design Combat Hybrid Rugged Case, Rose Gold/Black. Great for protecting your phone from falls and drops. Keeps your phone looking like new. Outer metallic hardshell layer prevents abrasions and dents. Rugged texture makes it easy to grip. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Red/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Cherry Blossoms Design Slim Hybrid Rugged Case, Pink. All around protection for your phone, including buttons. Defends against scratches, cracks and bumps. Cutouts for camera, speakers and ports for full functionality. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Silver/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Blue/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Purple/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Carbon Fiber Design Slim Hybrid Rugged Case, Black. All around protection for your phone, including buttons. Defends against scratches, cracks and bumps. Cutouts for camera, speakers and ports for full functionality. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, White/Hot Pink. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Magnetic Leather Wallet with Extra Card Flap and Wristlet, Black. Designed to act as a stand. Precision-fit Heavy-Duty hard shell interior phone holder. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Hot Pink/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Gold/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Frosted TPU Case, Blue. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Quantum Dual Layer Rugged Case, Rose Gold/Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Waterproof Bag. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Frosted TPU Case, Red. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Frosted TPU Case, Gray. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Magnetic Leather Wallet with Extra Card Flap and Wristlet, Rose Gold. Designed to act as a stand. Precision-fit Heavy-Duty hard shell interior phone holder. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Dream Catcher Embroidered Slim Fashion Case, Purple/Silver. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
Be the first to know about Android Oreo and Galaxy S9! Follow us on Twitter and Facebook !. Home News Firmware Devices Unlock Updates APKs Wallpapers Forum. Galaxy Note 8 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ Android 8.0 Oreo update Galaxy S9 Galaxy S9+ Galaxy A8. News Firmware Devices Unlock Updates APKs Wallpapers Forum. Galaxy Note 8 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ Android 8.0 Oreo update Galaxy S9 Galaxy S9+ Galaxy A8. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) review: A beautiful phone with substandard performance. Home / News / Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) review: A beautiful phone with substandard performance. Galaxy J7 (2017) review: Design Display Camera Software Performance Audio quality Battery life Fingerprint reader, other features Conclusion Pros Cons Premium metal build No USB Type-C port Beautiful AMOLED display No notification LED Excellent battery life Substandard software performance Fast fingerprint reader Rear camera could be better Always On Display Good selfie camera. The first-generation Galaxy J7 was released in June 2015, and now, two years later, we get to test the 2017 variant of the entry-level device. The Galaxy J7 (2017) features a premium metal build, just like the Galaxy J5 (2017) we recently reviewed , and pairs it with a big Super AMOLED display.. Last year, we called the battery on the J7 (2016) ‘’mind-bogglingly impressive .’ This year’s J7 has an even bigger battery, with a 3,600mAh capacity. Another improvement over the last iteration is the addition of a fingerprint scanner in the home button, and of course a full metal body. In this review, you’ll find out if the J7 (2017) is worth your hard-earned money.. The moment you pick up the J7 (2017), you notice how premium it feels. The back has a metal unibody design with symmetrical antenna lines along the top and bottom. Because this device is made of metal, it doesn’t look greasy like a phone made of glass. I feel the J7 (2017) is one of the most well-built entry-level phones on the market.. Because the bezels around the 5.5-inch Full HD screen are quite thin, this phone is very easy to hold. No, this device doesn’t come with a fancy Infinity display. But this isn’t necessary because the J7 (2017) feels great the way it is, especially for its price.. There are a few more details you need to know about this design. First of all, you can’t remove the back, meaning the battery isn’t user replaceable. The volume rockers are also of high quality, with good tactile feedback. A microSD slot is included as well, which is a necessity when you have just 16GB of storage out of the box.. The Galaxy J7 (2017) has a 5.5 inch Super AMOLED screen, with a resolution of 1920×1080 pixels. This means you have a pixel density of 401 pixels per inch, resulting in a screen that’s sharp enough for the average user. Of course, Samsung’s PenTile subpixel layout means that this screen does not look as sharp as some other Full HD displays, but I stick with my conclusion that this screen is sharp enough for most.. The colors look very vivid, just like on most of Samsung’s displays. The Super AMOLED display gives this phone an infinite contrast, and overall, you get a great panel on this phone. The infinite contrast enables features like Always On Display (more about that in the software section of this review). The viewing angles are also quite good, and this screen is readable in direct sunlight. The screen is definitely a reason to buy the J7 (2017).. The camera is the first section of this review where I feel the need to criticise the J7. The 2017 variant of the J7 carries the same sensors as its little brother – the J5. Unfortunately, this isn’t a good thing. In the last few years, phone cameras have become really good. I just don’t feel like the cameras in the J7 are following this trend.. In good lighting conditions, you can take some decent pictures with the 13-megapixel rear camera. But with bright sunlight, the highlights are easily blown, and detail is missed in the dark spots. Overall, the dynamic range of this camera isn’t that good, and the HDR mode is too slow.. Because this sensor is lacking OIS (optical image stabilization), the HDR mode is almost unusable. HDR essentially makes several pictures with a different exposure and combines them into one image with enhanced dynamic range (hence the name High Dynamic Range). Because HDR is slow, and this camera has no OIS, photos with HDR look blurry.. Colours sometimes turn out oversaturated, but most of the time they look a bit dull. But this camera isn’t all bad. The autofocus is plenty fast, making this camera good for point-and-shoot photographers. Thanks to the bigger f/1.7 aperture, low-light photos turn out quite good, especially for a low-end device like the J7.. The front camera has the same resolution as the camera on the back: 13 megapixels. It also has an LED flash, just like the rear camera. The result is pretty good, even if the selfies lack detail for a 13 MP sensor. Photos with the LED flash look good and balanced. The flash itself isn’t as blinding as I expected it to be. Selfies have some noise, but that is to be expected of a small sensor.. With the Galaxy J7, you can shoot videos in Full HD. Due to the digital stabilization, videos don’t look that shaky. Having said that, the lack of OIS is still noticeable. In dark situations, videos look quite shaky, even with the presence of digital stabilization.. All in all, I think that the rear camera isn’t the strong point of the Galaxy J7 (2017). The rear camera is mediocre at best. This means that the camera is good enough for some family and social media pictures. The front camera, however, is plenty good for this price range.. The Galaxy J7 (2017) comes with Android Nougat out of the box. To make the matter even better, the same version of Experience UX as on the Galaxy S8 is also installed – this being version 8.1. This results in the phone having cool features like a theme store for changing the look of your software. Other features like Secure Folder, Samsung Pass, and a Blue light Filter for nighttime usage also come in handy.. One of the best features Samsung included in this iteration is Always On Display (AOD). This means your phone displays a clock and your recent messages when you put your phone on a table. Because of the Super AMOLED display, using AOD just takes a couple of percent of your battery life.. During my testing period, I did not notice any bugs in the software. Because the J7 (2017) will (probably) receive at least one major update, I feel like Samsung did a good job with this phone. Gone are the days of bad software on cheap Samsung phones, or at least the days where there was a huge feature disparity compared to the company’s flagships.. Under the hood is an octa-core Exynos 7870 processor combined with 3GB of RAM. In short, this processor is not powerful enough. There’s a reason why the 7870 chipset is used in phones with a 720p screen; the Full HD screen in the J7 is just a bit too much. When playing games, the framerate drops very quickly.. Thanks to the 3GB of RAM, browsing with several tabs open is smooth. The same can be said about switching between recently used applications. During daily use, the phone feels just a bit too slow, and under a heavy workload, like updating applications, performance is sluggish. If you care for smooth and fast performance, you’ll probably get annoyed by the J7 (2017).. Unconventionally, some of Samsung’s new phones have a speaker located on the side. Samsung’s philosophy is that this makes the speaker harder to block with your finger. The sound quality produced by this phone is quite balanced, but it lacks in the low frequencies. This is to be expected because producing bass requires a bigger speaker, or dual speakers that Samsung isn’t yet offering in this segment.. I suggest you save some money to buy a good pair of headphones for listening to music. I don’t expect Samsung to include the same headphones they provide with the Galaxy S8, but I do hope the company will up its headphone game for budget smartphones.. One of the main reasons to buy the Galaxy J7 (2017) is the battery life. The combination of the modest hardware and the big 3,600 mAh battery results in two days of battery life, and power users should be able to use the phone for a full day. I feel like the irreplaceable battery isn’t a problem because this phone’s battery has such great endurance.. On the bottom of this device is a microUSB port to charge this device. I would have liked it if Samsung had implemented the newer USB Type-C standard, but the microUSB port has the benefit of existing for a longer time, meaning that there are more accessories for your device. The J7 doesn’t support fast charging, but this isn’t to be expected in this price range and is, frankly, not needed with the kind of endurance you’re getting.. The final segment of this review will be about the fingerprint scanner and other notable features. This year is the first time Samsung implemented fingerprint scanners in the J series ( not counting the Galaxy J7 Prime that was sold in a few Asian markets). The scanner is located in the home button and can be used to unlock the device, open Secure Folder, and login to websites in Samsung’s browser.. The fingerprint scanner is always on, so you don’t need to push the home button to have your phone unlocked. In my experience, this fingerprint scanner is fast and reliable, so unlocking your phone takes a fraction of a second.. A thing some Android fans will miss is a notification LED. However, I think AOD is excellent for checking your notifications, and coupled with the impressive battery life, itshould negate the need for a notification LED for most users. For people who don’t have that much mobile data, FM radio is included. Of course, you need to plug in your headphones to serve as an antenna.. The new Galaxy J7 has excellent battery life, good design, and a pretty Super AMOLED display. The performance isn’t good enough, though, and the rear camera also slightly underperforms, making this device unsuitable for those who take a lot of pictures and expect high image quality. Features like the fingerprint scanner, expandable storage, and the latest Samsung software make the J7 a good deal for those who don’t play games or perform intensive tasks regularly.. All in all, I think Samsung did a great job with this year’s J7. I really want Samsung’s top-of-the-line devices to have the awesome battery life as this device and other budget Galaxy phones. If you appreciate good build quality, a beautiful screen, and battery life flagships can only dream of, the Galaxy J7 (2017) is the phone for you.. Reviews Galaxy J7 (2017). Galaxy J7 (2017) now receiving routine maintenance update in Europe. Galaxy J7+ with dual cameras seen in the flesh in newly leaked photos. Galaxy J7+ surfaces with a dual-camera configuration. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) vs Galaxy J7 (2016) in pictures. You must be logged in to post a comment.. You must be logged in to post a comment.. Samsung galaxy j7 2016 Slow charging but full charging in currently down. You Must Be Logged In To Vote 0 You Must Be Logged In To Vote. “During daily use, the phone feels just a bit too slow” I have J5 2017 (Which has 1gb less ram) and it’s extremely fast and smooth, i’d say even smoother than my S8 thanks to the lighter skin. You Must Be Logged In To Vote 0 You Must Be Logged In To Vote. Pls give full review of galaxy J7 pro. Is it worth buying? I prefer the phone with best rear camera for photography and fast & smooth performance.. You Must Be Logged In To Vote 0 You Must Be Logged In To Vote. Fast and smooth performance is where these phones aren’t great. J7 Pro is same as the J7 (2017) except for Samsung Pay support and more storage, so performance will be problematic. Best to go for other devices, maybe even last year’s Galaxy A series phones which are now available for the same price as the J7 Pro.. You Must Be Logged In To Vote -1 You Must Be Logged In To Vote. I bought J7 Pro last week to use as a second phone and the performance is just as smooth as my Note 8! Even though it’s running the production firmware and hasn’t received any update so far.Another user also wrote the same here. I have never been this satisfied with a cheap phone before. The design is cooler than any of the flagship phones Samsung pushed out lately. I’m sure the performance will be even better after Oreo update sometime next year.. You Must Be Logged In To Vote 0 You Must Be Logged In To Vote. Samsung did a good job with these J 2017. to me the one I like is the Galaxy J5 2017. You Must Be Logged In To Vote 0 You Must Be Logged In To Vote. Shouldn’t the con be “substandard hardware performance”?. You Must Be Logged In To Vote 0 You Must Be Logged In To Vote. Benchmark scores for the Galaxy S9’s Exynos variant are impressive. Samsung needed consumer feedback to realize Galaxy S8 fingerprint placement was a mess. Official Galaxy S9 battery life stats aren’t much different from the Galaxy S8. Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ support video recording in HEVC format. 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Duos Smartphone Review. Daniel Schmidt ( translated by Katherine Bodner), 07/31/2017. ARM Android Smartphone Touchscreen. The Samsung Galaxy J7 is the larger version of the Galaxy J5. It has similar features, but a larger, 5.5-inch display. After the redesign of the entire series, the J7, too, now has a non-removable battery. To find out about other changes, take a look at our detailed review.. Update: new firmware with bug fixes released.. Â» Multimedia , Â» Gaming , Â» Lightweight Gaming Â» Budget Office , Â» Business , Â» Workstations Â» Subnotebooks , Â» Ultrabooks , Â» Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , Â». Best Notebooks for University Students Â». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series Â». Â» Tablets , Â» Windows Tablets Â» Smartphones. For the original German review, click here .. The model has entered the third round with the 2017 version of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (SM-J730F) Duos. It has had a full overhaul in the area of design. All smartphones of the Galaxy J series look almost identical with only the size differing among the various models.. It was slightly surprising to find that Samsung has chosen not to upgrade the processor and has stuck to the Exynos 7870 SoC , which was used in the 2016 version. The manufacturer has increased the device's working memory by 50% to a good 3 GB; internal storage remains unchanged at 16 GB. The communication modules have also been improved, and so have camera features. The J7 (2017) now has 3600 mAh (+ 300 mAh) and promises a significant increase in battery runtime. There was another surprise concerning the display: it now offers Full-HD resolution rather than simple HD.. We are testing the Duos version, which means that the Galaxy J7 (2017) has two fully-fledged Nano-SIM slots as well as a microSD slot. The device is available for about Â£340 (~$440).. Lenovo Moto Z Play , Asus Zenfone 3 , Lenovo P2 and the Huawei Nova Plus as our comparison devices. They all have the same display size and are in the same price range.. Update 11/07/2017: Samsung has released a new firmware. Details can be found in the software section.. Galaxy J7 2017 ( Galaxy J Series ). 5.5 inch 16:9, 1920 x 1080 pixel 401 PPI, capacitive touchscreen, Super AMOLED, glossy: yes. 1 USB 2.0, Audio Connections: combined headphone and microphone jack (3.5 mm), Card Reader: microSD up to 256 GB (SDHC, SDXC), 1 Fingerprint Reader, NFC, Brightness Sensor, Sensors: accelleration sensor, geomagnetic sensor, scher, Hall effect sensor, proximity and G sensor, BeiDou, Ant+, OTG, Wifi Direct. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (a/b/g/n/ac), Bluetooth 4.1, GSM/GPRS/Edge (850, 900, 1800 and 1900 MHz), UMTS/HSPA+ (850, 900, 1900 and 2100 MHz), LTE Cat. 6 (Band 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20 and 40), Dual SIM, LTE, GPS. height x width x depth (in mm): 8 x 152.5 x 74.8 ( = 0.31 x 6 x 2.94 in). 3600 mAh Lithium-Polymer, Talk time 3G (according to manufacturer): 24. Primary Camera: 13 MPix (Sony IMX258, f/1.7, auto focus, full-HD video) Secondary Camera: 13 MPix (Samsung S5K3M3, f/1.9, fixed focus, full-HD video). Speakers: mono speaker, Keyboard: virtual, modular power supply, USB cable, SIM tool, headset, QuickStart guide, security and warranty information, TouchWiz 8.1, 24 Months Warranty, Micro-USB, FM radio , head SAR: 0.567 W/kg, body SAR: 1.33 W/kg, fanless. 181 g ( = 6.38 oz / 0.4 pounds), Power Supply: 50 g ( = 1.76 oz / 0.11 pounds). Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. Compared to last year's model, Samsung has done a complete design overhaul of the Galaxy J7 (2017) and has equipped the device with an aluminum unibody case. Unlike the J5 , our test unit's dimensions have not increased drastically, despite it having a larger battery. We like the fact that the camera is slightly recessed into the case, which protects the glass from scratches. Samsung has given no information regarding the glass at the front of the device, but the transition to the aluminum is clearly visible. The gaps for antennas fit nicely to the whole design.. The Galaxy J7 seems very stable and does not warp even under high pressure. Transitions between materials are clearly visible, but nicely done with even and small gap dimensions. Unfortunately, the card trays and their covers are made entirely of plastic, which might lead to a change of color compared to the aluminum case after some time. The colors are identical at purchase.. The smaller card slot is meant for the first Nano-SIM, while the wider slot contains both the second Nano-SIM and the microSD card. While the Galaxy J7 (2016 ) still had a removable battery, it is fully integrated in the current generation and can only be exchanged by authorized professionals. The Galaxy J7 (2017) is available in black, gold and blue.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. The bottom edge of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) still has a Micro USB port, the manufacturer has not yet changed to the newer Type-C build for these entry-level phones. The port does not support video output, but it does support OTG, which means that peripheral devices can be connected as well as external storage devices. Unfortunately, the audio jack is also located on the bottom edge - we would have wished for it to be at the top.. Our test unit is a so-called Duos version. This means that the smartphone can use two Nano-SIM cards simultaneously. It is a fully-fledged dual SIM version, which allows additional use of a microSD card. The microSD slot supports the SDXC standard and therefore all usual storage mediums. Storage can be expanded up to 256 GB. It is not possible to format it as internal storage, but you can save larger apps on the optional microSD card.. The Galaxy J7 supports Bluetooth 4.1, Ant+, and Wi-Fi Direct and has both an NFC chip and an FM radio receiver.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is supplied with Google Android 7.0 Nougat combined with Samsung's own TouchWiz 8.1 interface. Apart from multitasking, the Game Launcher and Game Tools, it also offers other software features, which are described in detail in our review of the Galaxy J5. Apart from some Samsung apps and its own app-store, the device also comes with preinstalled apps from Microsoft and Facebook, which can only be deactivated, but not removed completely.. Android's security patches are up-to-date at the time of testing with the last update being from June 1st 2017.. Update 11/07/2017: Samsung has released firmware build NRD90M.J730FFXXU1AQI5 (396 MB). In addition to stability and bug fixes it is also supposed to contain new and enhanced features. However, we were unable to discover what exactly these were supposed to be. Googleâs security patches have been updated to 08/01/2017.. The communication features are the same as in the smaller Galaxy J5 sibling. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) connects via fast LTE Cat. 300 MBit/s download and 50 MBit/s Upload) on-the-move. The frequency range is also entirely sufficient within Europe. In addition, the phone supports Voice over LTE (VoLTE) and Wi-Fi telephony if this is also offered by the provider. The reception performance was normal in the cellular network of a city.. While we complained about the slow Wi-Fi module in the predecessor, Samsung has improved this. The Galaxy J7 (2017) supports the IEEE-802.11 standards a/b/g/n/ac now and uses the 2.4 and 5.0 GHz frequency bands. The Wi-Fi range is very good. The Wi-Fi signal was even strong in about 12 m distance to the router and through a wall and we could stream HD videos without problem. When connected to our Linksys EA8500 reference router, the transfer rates are also fast. The competitors in our comparison group cannot keep up with our test model in this respect.. Networking iperf3 Client (receive) TCP 1 m 4M x10 Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Mali-T830 MP1, 7870 Octa, 16 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). Lenovo Moto Z Play Adreno 506, 625, 32 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). Lenovo P2 Adreno 506, 625, 32 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). Huawei Nova Plus Adreno 506, 625, 32 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 2.4 GHz). Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Adreno 506, 625, 64 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). iperf3 Client (transmit) TCP 1 m 4M x10 Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Mali-T830 MP1, 7870 Octa, 16 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). Lenovo P2 Adreno 506, 625, 32 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). Lenovo Moto Z Play Adreno 506, 625, 32 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). Huawei Nova Plus Adreno 506, 625, 32 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 2.4 GHz). Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Adreno 506, 625, 64 GB eMMC Flash (Linksys EA8500, 5.0 GHz). 121 MBit/s ∼48% -52%. 88.8 MBit/s ∼35% -65%. 53.4 MBit/s ∼21% -79%. 32.9 MBit/s ∼13% -87%. 216 MBit/s ∼77% -23%. 112 MBit/s ∼40% -60%. 51.5 MBit/s ∼18% -82%. 31.2 MBit/s ∼11% -89%. Geolocation is done by means of the GPS, Glonass, and BeiDou satellite networks. The satellite fix is quite fast. At first, it is not particularly accurate however. It takes a while until it reaches a good accuracy of about 13 meters in buildings. It is done significantly faster and more accurate outdoor.. We checked the accuracy of the Galaxy J7's geolocation with a small bike ride and compared the performance to the Garmin Edge 500 bike computer. The total deviation of the about 12 km long route is just 30 meters - a very good result. A closer look at single segments reveals that the Garmin navigation system records the route slightly more accurate. However, you cannot complain about the minimal deviations of the smartphone.. The design of the phone app ist simple and clear. Hence, everybody should be able to find his way around quickly. The tab places is a nice features and searches the area for amenities in order to directly show their contact data. This way, you can for example find the closest restaurant and book a table.. The call quality of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is not quite satisfactory; something which we have already criticized in the predecessor. Voices sound quite dull on both sides. In addition, the voice of the J7 user is occasionally interrupted by short dropouts. Ambient noise suppression is not available. The situation gets even worse with active speaker. Those who plan a longer phone call, should not use it. The included headset also does not use noise cancelling, but it performs quite well.. The cameras are identical to those of the Galaxy J5 (2017). At the front of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) there is a 13 MP camera with an LED flash. It has an aperture of f/1.9, which is supposed to support its low-light ambitions. Unfortunately, the camera only has fixed focus. The recordings are quite good under good light conditions as long as the subject does not move to quickly. In the dark, the LED flash can make images brighter.. The main camera on the back also has 13 MP with an aperture of f/1.7. Samsung has equipped the camera with a Sony IMX258 sensor with 1.12-Âµm pixels. This sensor is also present in the LG G6, for example. However, the relatively small pixels sized at 1.12 put this into perspective; even more so as the light sensitivity already reaches its maximum at ISO 1.250 (in manual mode ISO 800). LG has done a significantly better job in its flagship, but this belongs to an entirely different price category.. The shots of the Samsung Galaxy J7 are quite homogeneous in day light and deliver good results. In comparison to more expensive competitors, its dynamic range is quite limited. Thus bright parts could quickly get too bright. The smartphone compensates this by making the subject slightly darker, which shows in the comparison below. While the Galaxy collects much light and suppresses noise well under bad light conditions, contours and details get very blurry. As a result, shots already appear muddy at low magnification.. The J7 can record videos in Full HD (30 fps) at best. Due to the lack of image stabilization, the recordings blur quite easily and fast panning results in visible blurring.. Scene 1 Scene 2 Scene 3. Choose a scene and navigate within the first image. One click changes the position on touchscreens. One click on the zoomed-in image opens the original in a new window. The first image shows the scaled photograph of the test device.. ColorChecker: The lower part of each field depicts the target color.. We took a closer look at the main camera under controlled light conditions. The X-Rite ColorChecker Passport shows a good result. While many colors have a slightly higher saturation, they are definitely not over-saturated. The white balance is quite accurate. Skin color and blue colors are slightly too bright, light-orange is too faint.. The Galaxy J7 performs well in reproducing our test charts. At the center of the image all details are represented sharp and rich in detail. However, the sharpness falls relatively sharply towards the edges. Moreover, fonts slightly fray on dark backgrounds.. Samsung has given the Galaxy J7 (2017) a 24-month warranty, while the battery has twelve months and the accessories six. The smartphone comes together with a modular power supply with a nominal output of 7.75 watts (5 volts, 1.55 ampere), a USB cable, a headset as well as a small tool to open the card slots. You will also receive a short, printed QuickStart guide and a couple of leaflets regarding warranty, security information and regional restrictions.. The capacitive touchscreen of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) does not perform worse than the Galaxy J5 in terms of gliding traits. It supports 10 instead of 5 point input however. Inputs are recognized quickly and reliably. Moreover, the display can be easily cleaned.. The fingerprint sensor sits in the home button and appears to be very good. It proved to be responsive and reliable and upon unlocking the user gets direct access to the system without pressing the button even if the smartphone is in standby. The two sensor buttons beside the home button also react reliably. However, unfortunately, they are not lit. One-hand mode is kept simple, yet effective. However, the thumb has to be slightly stretched in order to reach the opposite corner.. The variant known from the Galaxy S8. is used as default keyboard layout. It has a very clean design and also supports features such as swiping and automatic word suggestions. If you do not like it, you can install any layout from the Play Store.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) has a 5.5-inch Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels. This results in an increased pixel density of 401 PPI; content is therefore displayed with razor-sharp definition. It also finally has an ambient light sensor that can regulate screen brightness. The maximum brightness can only be reached when the sensor is activated. Otherwise, the Galaxy J7 (2017) reaches only 302 cd/mÂ² in the center of the screen. If the sensor is allowed to do its work, it can increase the display's brightness to up to 454 cd/mÂ² (at the same spot). During a measurement with evenly distributed light and dark surfaces (APL50), the brightness went up to almost 600 cd/mÂ².. Because of the display's Super AMOLED technology, every single pixel is illuminated separately, which leads to a perfect black value. This, in theory, means good contrast that tends towards infinity. Clouding does not exist with this display technology. It has a blue light filter for the evenings, which is supposed to protect your eyes in the dark. The J7 also has an Always On display, which allows notifications, time and the calendar to be visible on the display even when this is turned off. The smaller J5 does not offer this feature.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Super AMOLED, 1920x1080, 5.5 Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 Super AMOLED, 1280x720, 5.5 Lenovo Moto Z Play AMOLED, 1920x1080, 5.5 Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL IPS, 1920x1080, 5.5 Lenovo P2 AMOLED, 1920x1080, 5.5 Huawei Nova Plus IPS, 1920x1080, 5.5 Screen Brightness middle Brightness Brightness Distribution Black Level * Colorchecker DeltaE2000 * Greyscale DeltaE2000 * Gamma CCT Contrast. Screen Flickering / PWM (Pulse-Width Modulation) Screen flickering / PWM detected 257.7 Hz. To dim the screen, some notebooks will simply cycle the backlight on and off in rapid succession - a method called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM). This cycling frequency should ideally be undetectable to the human eye. If said frequency is too low, users with sensitive eyes may experience strain or headaches or even notice the flickering altogether.. The display backlight flickers at 257.7. Hz is relatively high, so most users sensitive to PWM should not notice any flickering. However, there are reports that some users are still sensitive to PWM at 500. Hz and above, so be aware.. % of all tested devices do not use PWM to dim the display. If PWM was detected, an average of 8995 (minimum: 43 - maximum: 142900) Hz was measured.. As expected, the Super-AMOLED screen of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) uses PWM for dimming the panel. Since the amplitude variation is very small, only very sensitive persons might feel its effects. A slightly higher frequency is first used from about 92 % brightness. Beyond that, the display even only works at 60 Hz, but shows longer lighting periods.. Samsung's Super AMOLED displays shine with intensive colors and crisp contrasts. This also conforms to our subjective impression of the Galaxy J7 (2017). Nevertheless, we have examined the panel more closely with the photo spectrometer and the CalMAN analysis software. We measured the manually selected color profiles. Each profile is optimized for a different color space. None of the color spaces is fully covered, albeit to a large extent. The white balance is exemplary in all profiles. Apart from a few exceptions, almost all color deviations remain below a DeltaE of 3. Hence, they are invisible to the naked eye.. Grayscale (profile: simple, target color space: sRGB). Grayscale (profile: photo, target color space: AdobeRGB). Grayscale (profile: cinema, target color space: P3). Color space (profile: simple, target color space: sRGB). Color space (profile: photo, target color space: AdobeRGB). Color space (profile: cinema, target color space: P3). Mixed colors (profile: simple, target color space: sRGB). Mixed colors (profile: photo, target color space: AdobeRGB). Mixed colors (profile: cinema, target color space: P3). Saturation (profile: simple, target color space: sRGB). Saturation (profile: photo, target color space: AdobeRGB). Saturation (profile: cinema, target color space: P3). Response Time Black to White 4 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 2 ms rise ↘ 2 ms fall The screen shows very fast response rates in our tests and should be very well suited for fast-paced gaming. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.8 (minimum) to 240 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is better than the average of all tested devices (26.4 ms). Response Time 50% Grey to 80% Grey 4.8 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 2.8 ms rise ↘ 2 ms fall The screen shows very fast response rates in our tests and should be very well suited for fast-paced gaming. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.9 (minimum) to 636 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is better than the average of all tested devices (42.2 ms).. Display response times show how fast the screen is able to change from one color to the next. Slow response times can lead to afterimages and can cause moving objects to appear blurry (ghosting). Gamers of fast-paced 3D titles should pay special attention to fast response times.. Outdoor use profits from the OLED display's high maximum brightness and strong contrast ratio. Moreover, the J7 finally has an ambient light sensor, which reacts quickly to changing light and adjusts the brightness of the display accordingly. Thus, the smartphone even remains relatively well legible in direct sun. Reflections on the surface glass are disturbing however.. The viewing angle stability of the Super AMOLED panel in the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is good. Color inversions can never be observed and brightness loss is even limited at very flat angles. The light color haze that is typical for AMOLED panels appears starting at about 30 degrees. It does not overly disturb, but it is already visible to the naked eye, when the smartphone lies next to you on the table.. Viewing angles of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is equipped with the same processor as last year's model: the manufacturer's own. This SoC is also present in other models such as the Galaxy J5 or the Galaxy A3. The chipset has a processor with eight Cortex-A53 cores that clock at up to 1.6 GHz and are manufactured in the 14 nm process. It has 3 GB of LPDDR2 RAM and 16 GB of internal storage. Graphics are taken care of by an ARM Mali-T830 MP1 .. The CPU performance is similarly high as the. Snapdragon 625 's, which is used in most competitors. However, the GPU reaches its limits with the Full HD panel as shown by the graphics benchmarks. Depending on the benchmark, models from competitors perform between 80 and 164 better. The differences get most apparent when using the OpenGL-ES-3.0 API.. In regards of system performance, especially the Asus Zenfone 3. and the Moto Z Play. In everyday life, the Galaxy J7 delivers a good subjective performance however. This small weakness gets noticeable in short delays when switching between apps. AnTuTu v6 - Total Score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL (6.2.1). PCMark for Android Work 2.0 performance score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Work performance score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. BaseMark OS II Web (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Graphics (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Memory (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. System (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Overall (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Geekbench 4.1/4.2 Compute RenderScript Score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 64 Bit Multi-Core Score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 64 Bit Single-Core Score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 3DMark 2560x1440 Sling Shot Extreme (ES 3.1) Physics (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 2560x1440 Sling Shot Extreme (ES 3.1) Graphics (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 2560x1440 Sling Shot Extreme (ES 3.1) (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 Physics (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 Graphics (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Physics (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Graphics Score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Score (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 1920x1080 T-Rex HD Offscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. T-Rex HD Onscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. GFXBench 3.0 off screen Manhattan Offscreen OGL (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. on screen Manhattan Onscreen OGL (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. GFXBench 3.1 off screen Manhattan ES 3.1 Offscreen (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. on screen Manhattan ES 3.1 Onscreen (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. GFXBench 4.0 off screen Car Chase Offscreen (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. on screen Car Chase Onscreen (sort by value) Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Lightmark - 1920x1080 1080p (sort by value) Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL. Basemark X 1.1 High Quality (sort by value) Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL. Medium Quality (sort by value) Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL. Basemark ES 3.1 / Metal - offscreen Overall Score (sort by value) Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL. AnTuTu v6 | PCMark for Android | BaseMark OS II | Geekbench 4.1/4.2 | 3DMark | GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 | GFXBench 3.0 | GFXBench 3.1 | GFXBench 4.0 | Lightmark | Basemark X 1.1 | Basemark ES 3.1 / Metal. 45234 Points ∼20% -4%. 45613 Points ∼20% -4%. 61345 Points ∼27% +30%. 62484 Points ∼27% +32%. 63522 Points ∼28% +34%. 64601 Points ∼28% +36%. 3889 Points ∼38% +4%. 4810 Points ∼47% +29%. 4672 Points ∼45% +26%. 3691 Points ∼43% -25%. 5006 Points ∼59% +2%. 6767 Points ∼79% +38%. 6785 Points ∼79% +38%. 4810 Points ∼56% -2%. 5724 Points ∼67% +16%. 624 Points ∼37% +6140%. 737 Points ∼43% +7270%. 649 Points ∼38% +6390%. 702 Points ∼41% +6920%. 783 Points ∼46% +7730%. 754 Points ∼44% +7440%. 512 Points ∼6% -4%. 534 Points ∼6% 0%. 1013 Points ∼11% +90%. 1019 Points ∼11% +91%. 1016 Points ∼11% +91%. 1015 Points ∼11% +90%. 1319 Points ∼30% +4%. 1249 Points ∼28% -1%. 795 Points ∼18% -37%. 1042 Points ∼24% -18%. 1451 Points ∼33% +15%. 1553 Points ∼35% +23%. 2127 Points ∼21% -10%. 2218 Points ∼22% -6%. 2069 Points ∼20% -13%. 2923 Points ∼28% +23%. 1960 Points ∼19% -17%. 2132 Points ∼21% -10%. 973 Points ∼26% +176%. 1022 Points ∼27% +190%. 1019 Points ∼27% +189%. 1215 Points ∼32% +244%. 1226 Points ∼32% +247%. 1262 Points ∼33% +258%. 2332 Points ∼26% -2%. 3401 Points ∼38% +43%. 3704 Points ∼15% -2%. 3148 Points ∼12% -17%. 732 Points ∼12% -1%. 880 Points ∼15% +20%. 1681 Points ∼55% +10%. 1727 Points ∼56% +13%. 1636 Points ∼53% +7%. 2109 Points ∼69% +39%. 1673 Points ∼54% +10%. 1773 Points ∼58% +16%. 242 Points ∼4% +22%. 185 Points ∼3% -7%. 382 Points ∼7% +92%. 380 Points ∼7% +91%. 380 Points ∼7% +91%. 384 Points ∼7% +93%. 299 Points ∼8% +21%. 231 Points ∼6% -6%. 461 Points ∼12% +87%. 465 Points ∼12% +88%. 459 Points ∼12% +86%. 465 Points ∼12% +88%. 303 Points ∼10% -80%. 1685 Points ∼55% +10%. 1631 Points ∼53% +6%. 2112 Points ∼69% +38%. 1682 Points ∼55% +10%. 1795 Points ∼58% +17%. 1687 Points ∼22% +507%. 277 Points ∼4% 0%. 725 Points ∼9% +161%. 719 Points ∼9% +159%. 726 Points ∼9% +161%. 733 Points ∼9% +164%. 394 Points ∼8% +16%. 340 Points ∼7% 0%. 827 Points ∼17% +143%. 842 Points ∼17% +148%. 831 Points ∼17% +144%. 844 Points ∼17% +148%. 12949 Points ∼18% 0%. 12605 Points ∼18% -3%. 15923 Points ∼22% +23%. 15984 Points ∼22% +23%. 15462 Points ∼21% +19%. 15823 Points ∼22% +22%. 7746 Points ∼2% +4%. 7484 Points ∼2% 0%. 13437 Points ∼3% +80%. 13466 Points ∼3% +81%. 13398 Points ∼3% +80%. 13412 Points ∼3% +80%. 8505 Points ∼4% +2%. 8227 Points ∼4% -1%. 13920 Points ∼7% +67%. 13955 Points ∼7% +68%. 13808 Points ∼7% +66%. 13882 Points ∼7% +67%. 12 fps ∼1% 0%. 12 fps ∼1% 0%. 23 fps ∼2% +92%. 23 fps ∼2% +92%. 23 fps ∼2% +92%. 23 fps ∼2% +92%. 19 fps ∼4% +58%. 20 fps ∼4% +67%. 23 fps ∼5% +92%. 21 fps ∼5% +75%. 23 fps ∼5% +92%. 23 fps ∼5% +92%. 9.4 fps ∼2% +84%. 5.1 fps ∼1% 0%. 10 fps ∼2% +96%. 9.9 fps ∼2% +94%. 10 fps ∼2% +96%. 9.9 fps ∼2% +94%. 4.9 fps ∼1% -4%. 10 fps ∼3% +96%. 10 fps ∼3% +96%. 9.7 fps ∼3% +90%. 10 fps ∼3% +96%. 10 fps ∼3% +96%. 3.2 fps ∼1% -3%. 3.2 fps ∼1% -3%. 6.2 fps ∼1% +88%. 6.2 fps ∼1% +88%. 6.2 fps ∼1% +88%. 6.2 fps ∼1% +88%. 7.2 fps ∼4% +125%. 7.4 fps ∼4% +131%. 6.7 fps ∼4% +109%. 6.1 fps ∼3% +91%. 6.7 fps ∼4% +109%. 6.6 fps ∼4% +106%. 1.8 fps ∼1% -5%. 1.9 fps ∼1% 0%. 3.4 fps ∼1% +79%. 3.4 fps ∼1% +79%. 3.4 fps ∼1% +79%. 3.7 fps ∼1% +95%. 3.6 fps ∼0% +89%. 3.7 fps ∼0% +95%. 3.7 fps ∼0% +95%. 3.4 fps ∼0% +79%. 3.7 fps ∼0% +95%. 3.4 fps ∼0% +79%. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Samsung Exynos 7870 Octa, ARM Mali-T830 MP1, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 Samsung Exynos 7870 Octa, ARM Mali-T830 MP2, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Duos Samsung Exynos 7870 Octa, ARM Mali-T830 MP1, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Lenovo Moto Z Play Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, Qualcomm Adreno 506, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, Qualcomm Adreno 506, 64 GB eMMC Flash. Lenovo P2 Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, Qualcomm Adreno 506, 32 GB eMMC Flash. Huawei Nova Plus Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, Qualcomm Adreno 506, 32 GB eMMC Flash. The Samsung Browser 5.4 is pre-installed for web surfing. Only more complex web sites occasionally need slightly longer to load.The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) performs slightly worse than the competitors in the comparison group and ranks at lower places in most cases. It is only faster in Mozilla Kraken 1.1.. JetStream 1.1 - 1.1 Total Score Lenovo Moto Z Play. Octane V2 - Total Score Lenovo Moto Z Play. Mozilla Kraken 1.1 - Total Score Samsung Galaxy J7 2016. WebXPRT 2015 - Overall Score Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL. JetStream 1.1 | Octane V2 | Mozilla Kraken 1.1 | WebXPRT 2015. 31.8 Points ∼100% +22%. 31.3 Points ∼98% +21%. 31.118 Points ∼98% +20%. 28.883 Points ∼91% +11%. 26.37 Points ∼83% +2%. 24.119 Points ∼76% -7%. 4979 Points ∼100% +9%. 4968 Points ∼100% +9%. 4905 Points ∼99% +8%. 4730 Points ∼95% +4%. 4435 Points ∼89% -3%. 3905 Points ∼78% -14%. 9670.9 ms * ∼100% -42%. 8463 ms * ∼88% -24%. 8168.9 ms * ∼84% -20%. 8041.4 ms * ∼83% -18%. 8027.7 ms * ∼83% -18%. 6820.9 ms * ∼71%. 6784.4 ms * ∼70% +1%. 84 Points ∼100% +12%. 84 Points ∼100% +12%. 83 Points ∼99% +11%. 83 Points ∼99% +11%. 80 Points ∼95% +7%. 66 Points ∼79% -12%. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) features 16 GB internal eMMC flash memory. After the first start of the phone, 10 GB are free. The memory performance is decent, but the competitors are equipped with faster components.. The test model belongs to the first products of which. we test the microSD card slot with our new Toshiba Exceria Pro M501 (UHS-II, class 3, writing: max. The recorded values are relatively good, but they cannot not reach the potential of the mircoSD card by far.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Duos Lenovo Moto Z Play Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Lenovo P2 Huawei Nova Plus AndroBench 3-5 Sequential Write 256KB SDCard Sequential Read 256KB SDCard Random Write 4KB Random Read 4KB Sequential Write 256KB Sequential Read 256KB. We could only recommend the Galaxy J5. This is especially due to the weak. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) uses the same SoC, but it features 1 GB more RAM. However, this cannot compensate the extra performance required by the higher resolution Full HD panel. The Asphalt 8 race game can show this well. While the J5 reaches 22 fps with high details, the test model only achieves 18 fps. We recommend reducing the detail level in this game. Other performance-hungry titles such as Iron Blade (14 fps) are a real pain on the Galaxy J7 and cannot be enjoyed. Less demanding games such as Angry Birds 2 (51 fps) run without problems.. It is great that the Galaxy J7 also comes with software features such as the Game Tools or the Game Launcher now, which have first been introduced in the Galaxy S7. Thanks to the location of the speaker on a side, it can not be covered. You cannot complain about the sensors.. The surface temperatures of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) are comfortably low. The smartphone does not even get lukewarm under permanent load.. We checked the performance stability of the SoC with the battery test of GFXBench. The device shows constant performance in the lighter T-Rex test (OpenGL ES 2.0) as well as in the demanding Manhattan test (OpenGL ES 3.1). However, the frame rates are significantly lower as in the Galaxy J5. This is caused by the higher resolution display of the J7.. 32 °C 32.2 °C 31 °C. 32.6 °C 32.1 °C 31.6 °C. 31.7 °C 32.5 °C 31.6 °C. Maximum: 32.6 °C Average: 31.9 °C. 30.3 °C 30.8 °C 31.5 °C 30.4 °C 31 °C 31.2 °C 30.9 °C 31.3 °C 31.3 °C. Maximum: 31.5 °C Average: 31 °C. 30.6 °C 31 °C 30.5 °C. 30.9 °C 31.1 °C 30.4 °C. 30.4 °C 31.1 °C 30.4 °C. Maximum: 31.1 °C Average: 30.7 °C. 29.7 °C 29.9 °C 29.9 °C 29.8 °C 30.1 °C 30.1 °C 29.5 °C 29.9 °C 30.1 °C. Maximum: 30.1 °C Average: 29.9 °C. The small mono speaker on the right edge of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is surprisingly loud and significantly better positioned as in the last-year's model, which had the speaker on the rear side. Hence, it is possible to place the smartphone on a table without affecting the sound now.. The size alone already limits the potential of the speaker. However, Samsung got still much out of it. While you should not expect wonders, the sound is quite ok for on-the-move. In particular mid-tones are well represented. However, high tones around 4 kHz are very present at maximum volume. As a result, for example, sibilants appear very hard and sharp to the listener.. Subjectively, the audio jack of the smartphone appears good and transmits sound cleanly and with low noise. The included headset is very present in the lower middles and higher bass range. As a result, sound appears slightly muffled.. 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 Deep Bass Middle Bass High Bass Lower Range Mids Higher Mids Lower Highs Mid Highs Upper Highs Super Highs 20 31.6 30.8 25 25.4 30.5 31 25.3 31.2 40 32.9 30.7 50 33.6 31.7 63 31.6 28.8 80 28.4 22.6 100 27 26 125 20.8 36.8 160 22 40.2 200 21.3 49.2 250 20.8 53.7 315 21.2 57.1 400 19.4 62.6 500 19.5 67.4 630 17.7 67.8 800 17.9 69.5 1000 17.8 70.7 1250 17.3 72.1 1600 17.4 74.6 2000 16.7 75.2 2500 17.2 75.5 3150 18.2 77.9 4000 17.9 81.4 5000 17.6 79 6300 17.7 75.6 8000 17.8 75.4 10000 17.9 71.3 12500 18.1 62.6 16000 18.2 55.8 SPL 30 87.1 N 1.3 70.5 median 17.9 Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 median 69.5 Delta 1.3 10.6 31.6 42 25.4 37.6 25.3 31.4 32.9 36.3 33.6 51.7 31.6 34.3 28.4 31.7 27 36.9 20.8 26 22 29.9 21.3 41.8 20.8 53.9 21.2 59.4 19.4 63.6 19.5 67.4 17.7 66.1 17.9 70.1 17.8 69.8 17.3 73.4 17.4 74.6 16.7 76.7 17.2 77.2 18.2 78.9 17.9 79.6 17.6 76 17.7 72.9 17.8 73.2 17.9 71.1 18.1 64.5 18.2 57.2 30 87.4 1.3 68.4 median 17.9 Huawei Nova Plus median 69.8 1.3 10.2 31.6 40.5 25.4 32.9 25.3 34.1 32.9 32.9 33.6 35.9 31.6 33.6 28.4 30.7 27 26 20.8 26.8 22 29.5 21.3 36.9 20.8 46.9 21.2 51.8 19.4 56.9 19.5 61.6 17.7 64 17.9 69.3 17.8 69.5 17.3 72.9 17.4 71.1 16.7 70.6 17.2 68.9 18.2 73.8 17.9 76 17.6 69.4 17.7 71.6 17.8 73.5 17.9 71.1 18.1 70.4 18.2 68.2 30 83.7 1.3 56.5 median 17.9 Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL median 69.3 1.3 10.1 hearing range hide median show median Pink Noise. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 audio analysis. (+) | speakers can play relatively loud (87.1 dB) Bass 100 - 315 Hz (-) | nearly no bass - on average 25.6% lower than median (Â±) | linearity of bass is average (11.1% delta to prev. frequency) Mids 400 - 2000 Hz (+) | balanced mids - only 3.2% away from median (+) | mids are linear (4.4% delta to prev. frequency) Highs 2 - 16 kHz (Â±) | higher highs - on average 7.1% higher than median (+) | highs are linear (4.5% delta to prev. frequency) Overall 100 - 16.000 Hz (Â±) | linearity of overall sound is average (21% difference to median) Compared to same class » 14% of all tested devices in this class were better, 11% similar, 75% worse » The best had a delta of 14%, average was 26%, worst was 44% Compared to all devices tested » 47% of all tested devices were better, 8% similar, 45% worse » The best had a delta of 3%, average was 21%, worst was 53%. (+) | speakers can play relatively loud (87.39 dB) Bass 100 - 315 Hz (-) | nearly no bass - on average 28.5% lower than median (-) | bass is not linear (15.9% delta to prev. frequency) Mids 400 - 2000 Hz (+) | balanced mids - only 3.5% away from median (+) | mids are linear (5% delta to prev. frequency) Highs 2 - 16 kHz (Â±) | higher highs - on average 5.7% higher than median (+) | highs are linear (3.3% delta to prev. frequency) Overall 100 - 16.000 Hz (Â±) | linearity of overall sound is average (21.5% difference to median) Compared to same class » 18% of all tested devices in this class were better, 11% similar, 72% worse » The best had a delta of 14%, average was 26%, worst was 44% Compared to all devices tested » 50% of all tested devices were better, 7% similar, 42% worse » The best had a delta of 3%, average was 21%, worst was 53%. Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL audio analysis. (+) | speakers can play relatively loud (83.7 dB) Bass 100 - 315 Hz (-) | nearly no bass - on average 33% lower than median (Â±) | linearity of bass is average (9.9% delta to prev. frequency) Mids 400 - 2000 Hz (+) | balanced mids - only 4% away from median (+) | mids are linear (5.7% delta to prev. frequency) Highs 2 - 16 kHz (+) | balanced highs - only 2.8% away from median (+) | highs are linear (6.1% delta to prev. frequency) Overall 100 - 16.000 Hz (Â±) | linearity of overall sound is average (21.3% difference to median) Compared to same class » 15% of all tested devices in this class were better, 12% similar, 72% worse » The best had a delta of 14%, average was 26%, worst was 44% Compared to all devices tested » 49% of all tested devices were better, 8% similar, 43% worse » The best had a delta of 3%, average was 21%, worst was 53%. Frequency diagram in comparison (checkboxes can be selected/de-selected!). The power consumption of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is extremely low. While running idle, the smartphone only exceeds the 1 Watt level by a small margin if all loads are active and the display is set to maximum brightness. However, the energy demand might be higher, wenn the ambient light sensor is active, since the display can get brighter in this case. If the sensor increases the brightness to the panel's maximum, the power consumption increases by 0.73 Watt, which is closer to the level of the competitors.. Unfortunately, the Galaxy J7 neither supports wireless charging nor fast charging. Hence, a full load needs above 2.5 hours.. Charging time of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Off / Standby 0 / 0.06 Watt Idle 0.39 / 1.06 / 1.08 Watt. mAh Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 3300. mAh Lenovo Moto Z Play 3510. mAh Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL 3000. mAh Power Consumption Idle Minimum * Idle Average * Idle Maximum * Load Average * Load Maximum *. With 3600 mAh, the battery of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is larger than the model's from 2016. Unfortunately, the test model cannot profit from this, but surprisingly delivers worse battery runtimes than its predecessor. In the comparison field, the J7 can also not take a top place, but ranks in mid range. Nevertheless, the battery runtimes are still very good as such. offers a significantly longer battery life, but it is also equipped with a significantly more powerful battery.. The battery runtimes in our tests with adjusted display brightness (150 cd/mÂ²) can be compared best. Only the P2 lasts longer when surfing the web via Wi-Fi. In our video loop, the Moto Z Play. also proves to have more stamina. Various energy saving modes allow extended the battery life. These can also be found in the Galaxy J5 .. Idle (without WLAN, min brightness) 32h. NBC WiFi Websurfing Battery Test 1.3 15h. Big Buck Bunny H.264 1080p 18h. mAh Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 3300. mAh Lenovo Moto Z Play 3510. mAh Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL 3000. mAh Battery Runtime Reader / Idle H.264 WiFi v1.3 Load. PCMark for Android - Work 2.0 battery life Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Duos. 768 min ∼100% +15%. 681 min ∼89% +2%. 677 min ∼88% +1%. 482 min ∼63% -28%. 476 min ∼62% -29%. + great Full-HD display. + Dual SIM plus microSD. + fast wireless internet. + great battery runtimes. + good fingerprint sensor. - weaker battery runtimes than predecessor. - modest call quality. - no USB Type-C. - GPU too weak. In review: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Duos SM-J730F. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) is a well-made smartphone. However, it cannot dominate its competitors as much as the. This gets especially apparent in terms of battery life. However, this is complaining on a high level, since they are still very good. Despite larger battery, they are unfortunately worse than last year's J7. Samsung might be able to improve this with an update.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) did not improve in all respects. Nevertheless, it is a great smartphone.. The Galaxy J7 (2017) can shine with its great Super-AMOLED display, which is finally controlled by an ambient light sensor - which was long overdue. Moreover, it features Full HD resolution now. Unfortunately, Samsung did not equip the phone with a slightly more powerful SoC in order to cope with the higher pixel density. This is noticeable in weak gaming performance, but might also be a reason for shorter battery runtimes. The cameras are not reference models, but they deliver good results if the environment is bright enough. The Wi-Fi module does not only support all current standards, but finally also delivers good transfer rates. The internal storage of 16 GB is also rather standard fare. However, the storage capacity can be expanded with a microSD without forgoing the dual SIM feature.. What remains is a visually improved smartphone. However, its battery is unremovable now. In return, it comes with a fingerprint sensor and 3 GB of RAM. It might be worth to buy last year's model. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 - 2017-07-28 07/28/2017 v6 Daniel Schmidt. Samsung Notebook 9 NP900X3N (i5-7200U, FHD) Laptop Review. Samsung Galaxy J3 2017 Smartphone Review. Read all 2 comments / answer. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Reviews > Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Duos Smartphone Review. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Camera Back Case Samsung Cameras Samsung J5 2017 Phone Samsung Galaxy J7 2016. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Mobile Phones > Cell Phone Accessories > Samsung Accessories > Samsung J Series > Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Fashion Flip Leather Case PU Wallet Cover Cases For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J720 US Version Phone Bag with Stand. for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 / Prime Tempered Glass .... Naxtop 1pc Tempered Glass Film for Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 ). KaZiNe Retro PU Leather Silicon Magnetic Dirt Resistant Phone Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector 9H Film for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J730 The eu version. ASLING Durable Soft Phone Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7 ( 2017 ). Transparent Surface Shockproof Back PC Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (America Edition). Shockproof Convenient One Card Slot Hard Back Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (America Edition). Datura Flowers Flip Phone Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J730 EU Version Wallet Leather Case Cover Phone Bag with Stand. 2 in 1 Hybrid Wire Drawing Armor PC +TPU Case With Stand Card Holder for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Tiger Pattern PU+TPU Leather Case Design with Stand and Card Slots Magnetic Closure for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J730 EU Version. British Style Stripe Design Flip PU Leather Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (Europe and Asia Edition). Smooth Litchi Pattern PU Leather Soft Back Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (Europe Edition)). Tough Rugged Dual Layer Protective Case with Kickstand for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case. 3D Embossed Color Pattern TPU Soft Back Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (Europe Edition). Solid Color Litchi Pattern Wallet Style Front Buckle Flip PU Leather Case with Card Slots for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (Asia/Europe Edition). Color Pattern Ultra-Thin Light Weight Soft TPU Back Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Europe Edition. Cute Unicorn TPU Silicone Gel Soft Clear Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Color Pattern Ultra-Thin Light Weight Soft TPU Back Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 America Edition. 2.5D 9H 0.3mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J730 J7 Pro Protective Film. Wallet Case For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Leather Flip Cover for Samsung J7 2017/SM-J730F Card Holder Protective Phone Bags. Ultra thin Flip Magnetic PU Leather Phone Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J730 EU Version. Case For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J730 Eurasian Red Eye TPU Phone Protection Sleeve. KaZiNe Crazy Horse Stripes luxury Genuine Leather Wallet For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017/J7 Pro Europe Versions. Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J730 Half Face of A Cat PU+TPU Leather with Stand and Card Slots Magnetic Closure. Army Camo Pc+Tpu 2 In 1 Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017/J7 Pro/J730. Wkae Flowers Embossing Pattern PU Leather Flip Stand Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 European Edition. Wkae Double-side Embossing Rose Flower Synthetic Leather Wallet Case Soft Silicone Back Cover with Flip Kickstand and Lanyard for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Durable Retro Style Solid Color Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (Europe Edition). Ultra-slim Protective Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 / J730. Bling Bling Style Datura Flower Pattern Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (Europe Edition). Butterfly and Flower Leather Case Cover with Water Drill for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 American Edition. Kazine Lichee Pattern Genuine Leather Wallet Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017/J7 Pro Europe. Black Five-Pointed Star Painted Tpu Phone Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Fashion Flip Leather Case PU Wallet Cases For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 J720 U.S. version Cover Cases Phone Bag with Stand. For Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 American Version of the Flash Powder Mandala Cover Covers the Shell. Prev 1 2 3 4 Next Go To : 1 2 3 4. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Top tips and tricks for the Samsung Galaxy J3, J5 and J7 (2017). Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) vs Galaxy J7 (2017): How different are they really?. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A mid-range device with premium features. All smartphones have a range of hidden features, or at least features that would be hard to find for an untrained eye. While the knowledgeable, the ever curious and the DIY enthusiasts like to delve into the device’s innards to find them, others don’t have the patience and prefer to search for a list online. Here’s ours: our tips for the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) and its brothers, the J5 (2017) and J3 (2017).. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Deactivate the Always On Display mode. Not interested in this feature? Deactivate it!. Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017), J5 (2017) & J7 (2017) Use the screen with just one hand thanks to the Home button Activate the easy mode. Easy mode to the right, one-handed mode to the left. Take photos without touching the screen Activate the multi-window mode. You can send an email while watching a YouTube video. This trick is a real classic for Samsung devices. By default, the manufacturer activates the Always On Display mode, a feature which always displays the date, time, battery percentage and notification icons. This display mode can be annoying but, we promise, it can be configured. To do this, just go to Settings and select Always On Display in the menu at the top of the screen. You can then change the appearance (for example, change the clock to analog) or deactivate the feature completely.. The Galaxy J7 is far from a compact smartphone. It measures 5.5-inches diagonally, so using it with just one hand is quite difficult, perhaps even impossible. Fortunately, Samsung kept this in mind and offers a way to use the smartphone with one hand. What’s even better is that you can configure the Home button to adapt to the screen size.. Go to Settings and search for Advanced Features. However, by tapping the Home button three times successively, you’ll be able to place it on either side of the screen.. This feature has existed on Samsung smartphones for a while now but, while it’s practical for some, it is quite overlooked. Most users want to use their phone in this mode, but some who are reluctant to use technology (you could call them technophobes) simply want a screen displaying the basic functions. without the screen getting cluttered up with files and the (too) many annoying shortcuts.. To activate the easy mode, go to Display Settings. Then, you just have to activate Easy mode and that’s all there is to it!. It’s easy to tell if your device is working well or not, but often, after a fall or being drenched in a cup of tea, you might have to run some tests. Just enter the code *#0*# into the phone to access several types of tests, ranging from the color display to touch recognition.. It has happened to us all. When you have to take a photo quickly and by the time you unlock your smartphone, open the camera app and press the camera button to take the photo, the object that you wanted to capture has disappeared. Luckily, the manufacturers have taken this into consideration and have provided more simple ways of opening the camera and taking a photo. On the J7, and on all Samsung smartphones, you just have to double tap on the Home button to open the camera and use either of the volume buttons as a shutter button to take the photo. This mode is well known among Android fans, but rookies don’t really know much about it. It’s a shame because it can be very handy. You can display two applications at the same time (one on the left-hand side of the screen and one on the right-hand side, when the smartphone is held horizontally, of course). Just go to Settings, Advanced Features, Multi-screen and activate the. and press the multi-tasking button (to the left of the Home button). Your screen will then be divided into two sections. You’ll be able to load the other application that you want to open in the blank section.. Do you know any other interesting features on these devices? Which trick is your favorite? Let us know in the comments!. MWC 2018 live updates: the Galaxy S9 struts its stuff. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Category Apple Watch Apple MacBook Batteries Bluetooth Cables Cases Chargers Cool Gadgets Displays Drones Hands-Free Holders Memory Packaging Pouches Repair Parts Repair Tools Screen Cleaning Screen Protectors Smart Home Speakers Stylus Pens Tempered Glass Universal Device Top Models Apple iPhone SE Apple iPhone 6S Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 8 Plus Apple iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL LG G6 Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Play Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S9+ Brands Carriers. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / J7 Prime. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Sky Pro / J7 Prime. 1 of. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Full Covered Edge to Edge - 0.33mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector - ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Lightning Shield 0.33mm Tempered Tempered Glass Screen Protector. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime MyBat Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Black. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime MyBat Tempered Glass Screen Protector (2.5D). Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Spigen Glas.tR Nano Liquid Screen Protector - Clear - Retail Packaged. SPIGEN PRODUCTS CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. PureGear Liquid Glass + Pure Pledge Program - Retail Packaged. PUREGEAR PRODUCTS CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - $100 Screen Repair Warranty. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - Bulk / Bundle Kit Only - No Warranty. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - Full Screen Repair Warranty. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - iRobot Combo Case w/ Kickstand and Holster in ZV Blister Packaging - ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime- Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail Packa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime- Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail Packa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &am... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime- BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &amp... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime- BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector &amp... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protec... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protect... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protect... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protect... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protect... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protect... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand in ZV Blister Packaging ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand in ZV Blister Packaging ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand in ZV Blister Packaging ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand in ZV Blister Packaging ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Black Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Blue Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Co... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Co... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Ow... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Pu... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Vi... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dual Layered Hybrid Turbo SC & PC Cover w/ Kickstand in ZV Bliste... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dual Layered Hybrid Turbo SC & PC Cover w/ Kickstand in ZV Bliste... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dual Layered Hybrid Turbo SC & PC Cover w/ Kickstand in ZV Bliste... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dual Layered Hybrid Turbo SC & PC Cover w/ Kickstand in ZV Bliste... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dual Layered Hybrid Turbo SC & PC Cover w/ Kickstand in ZV Bliste... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dual Layered Hybrid Turbo SC & PC Cover w/ Kickstand in ZV Bliste... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Clear Tempered Gl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Clear Tempered Gl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Clear Tempered Gl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Clear Tempered Gl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Clear Tempered Gl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Clear Tempered Gl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / B... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / B... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue Leather. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot Pink ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Pink Leather. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Butterf... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Donuts. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Hearts. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Multifl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Pink Fl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Spring ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packaging ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - PC+TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Crystal Pink. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cove... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cove... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cove... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cove... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Pa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Pa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Pa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Pa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLIM HYBRID Cover w/ UV Coating in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLIM HYBRID Cover w/ UV Coating in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Blue. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Perx / J7 Prime - SLIM HYBRID Cover w/ UV Coating in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Gold. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. 1 of. Have a Question? We can help,live chat now!. Enter Email to receive info on new arrivals, promotions and other cool happenings.. Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy © 2018 MyCoolCell, LLC. 
Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Specs, Release Date, Price, Features, Review. December 29, 2017 By admin 3 Comments. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Full Specifications and Info:. horizontal metallic strip housing a camera and a LED flash,. GB internal memory and expandable using a microSD card. Early 2017 (expected) – See Below. 5.5″ Full HD AMOLED display with a better resolution. Though there is this news surrounding the technology world that the latest version of the Samsung Galaxy J7 will be coming up anytime in the year 2017, not much details regarding the features and specifications have come out until now. Now, there are some rumors spread in the web media regarding the leaked pictures of Samsung Galaxy J7 along with some of its key specifications. This one article is the collection of all such rumored information exclusively for our readers.. For the year 2016, the latest Samsung Galaxy J7 was launched and introduced in the mobile market in the month of May along with all those best features that a high-end mobile phone would normally carry. As the relative news in the media reveals the introduction of Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 (for the coming year), there has been a lot gossiping going on about how the latest version would be featured.. According to the rumored information, Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 comes with an interesting change on its back which is a horizontal metallic strip housing a camera and a LED flash. The leaked video of this all new mobile handset shows no grill featuring the loudspeaker, which looks odd. This video shows the 360-degree view of the whole mobile handset, from both the front and rear ends.. Most of the aesthetics of Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 are expected to be matching with its preceding version but with a better performance such as its 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED display with a better resolution. This handset may be coming up with the same display diagonal like its previous version. The leaked pictures and video reveal that the mobile carries a side-mounted speaker above the power button.. With the model number SM-J727V, the latest version of the Galaxy J7 (2017) has already received its Bluetooth certification from the Bluetooth SIG and also the Wi-Fi certification. Added to these, included are the basic features such as the octa-core Exynos chipset, 3 GB of RAM & 16 GB of Internal storage that can be expanded using a microSD card.. On the camera front, the handset is expected to be coming with a 13MP rear camera with LED Flash and a 5MP front-facing camera. It could be mounted with a 3,000 mAh battery and operates on Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box. Though there is no information related to the color specifications, the all new Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 is expected to be measuring 151.34 x 76.20 x 8 mm. Stay tuned to us as we will be validating more details related to this rumored handset from time to time right here.. All these Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Specs, Release Date, Price, Features are based on the previous model observation and rumors heard so far. So, we can’t assure anything until Samsung officially introduces the product. so stay tuned you will be getting Latest updates, when Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 released in the market.. Filed Under: Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. CAT result 2016 online says. January 4, 2017 at 3:34 pm. January 4, 2017 at 5:50 pm. when it will launch, i’ll buy it for sure. January 6, 2017 at 3:55 pm. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Nokia C1: Expected Release Date, Review, Features, Price, Specifications. Buy Nokia 6 Mobile : Specs, Release Date, Features, Review & Price. Nokia D1C Android Mobile: Release Date, Specifications, Price, Features. Nokia 3310: Specs, Release Date, Price Information and Features. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Specs, Features, Review, Price in India. A recent rumor suggests that Apple may be killing off its Mini lineup, which would obviously dash plans for the iPad Mini 5 .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for samsung galaxy j7 case 2017. All Listings - Current page. results for samsung galaxy j7 case 2017. Save samsung galaxy j7 case 2017 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow samsung galaxy j7 case 2017 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. samsung galaxy j7 case 2017 :. For Samsung Galaxy J3/5/7 Pro Shockproof Rubber Rugged Silicone Matte Case Cover. Disney Soft Silicone Phone Case Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 New. For Samsung J3 J5 J7 Pro 2017 Luxury Flip Leather Wallet Magnetic New Case Cover. j7 2017 Case,Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Cover,SMYTU Premium Emboss Sunflower Flip Wa. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case Cover EMAXELER Stylish Wallet 3D Embossed Kickstand. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro 2017 Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Skin. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 A3 2017 Slim Luxury Ultra-thin Hard Back Case Cover. Ultra Thin Hybrid Hard Phone Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S7 S8 Plus J3/5/7 Pro. For Samsung Galaxy J3 2016 A5 2017 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Back Case Cover. Hybrid Shockproof Soft Clear Case For Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Phone Cover S7Edge. For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Case Shockproof Protective Armor Hard Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S8 J3/J5J7 2017 Electroplating Soft Silicone TPU Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 2016 Wallet Leather Card Flip Stand Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Case, Supcase Unicorn Beetle Pro Series Full-Body Rugged. WHITE QUANTUM ARMOR HYBRID COVER PHONE CASE FOR [SAMSUNG GALAXY J7 V (2017)]. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro Luxury Full Cover Shockproof Hybrid Phone Case. Soft Clear TPU Case Soft Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy j3 j5 j7 2017 EU version. For Samsung Galaxy J7 J700 2017 Phone Case Shockproof Hybrid Rugged Matte Cover. 360° Full Cover Slim PC Case Cover + Tempered Glass For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7. Mirror View Cover Flip Stand Case Skin For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 J3 J5 J7 2017. Hybrid Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Samsung Galaxy Note 8 J3/J5/J7 2017. For Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 A7 Luxury Slim Clear Shockproof Hybrid Case Cover. ShockProof Lihtweight Heavy Duty Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Lightweight Slim Fit Dual Layer Protection Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. For Samsung Galaxy J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 Cute 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Phone Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J5 J7 Pro 2017 ShockProof Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro 2017 A5 J3 Luxury Mirror Plating Clear Flip Case Cover. Hybrid Shockproof Armor Case Kickstand Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7. Mirror Stand Case for Samsung J7 J5 J3 Pro 2017 EU Smart View Flip Holder Cover. Genuine Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover For Samsung A3 A5 A7 J3 J5 J7 2017 2016. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro Flip Stand Painted Wallet Leather Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J5/J7 Pro Luxury Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3 5 7 2016 2017 Metal Back Cover Aluminum Frame Mirror Case. Luxury Case For Samsung S8/9 J3/5/7 Pro 2017 Hybrid Rubber Crystal Diamond Cover. For Samsung S7 S8 J3/J5/J7 2017 Durable Leather Wallet Magnetic Flip Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J7 J5 J3 2017 Slim Shockproof Ultra-thin Hard Back Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Luxury Soft TPU Silicone Rubber Cover Case. BLUE S-LINE TPU CASE + CLEAR SCREEN PROTECTOR FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY J7 2017. Rose Gold Brushed Armor Combo Holster Cover Case For Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017 Case Shockproof Protective Armor Hard Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J7 J5 A5 2017 Ultra Thin Slim Hard Cover Case +Tempered Glass. Fashion Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Skin Case For Samsung Galaxy J3/J5/J7. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 Ultra-thin Colorful Shockproof Case Skin Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J7/J5/J3 Pro 2017 Silicone Rubber Case Shockproof Matte Cover. 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Rubber Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 US. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro Shockproof Electroplate Hard Back Case Cover New. For Samsung Galaxy J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 2016 2017 Silicone TPU Mirror Case Back Cover. For Samsung Galaxy Fashion Luminous Soft Silicone TPU Skin Case Phone Back Cover. Protective Case TPU Soft Cover Back For Samsung Galaxy J730/J7(2017)E U Version. For Samsung Galaxy J5 J7 Case Luxury Ultra Slim Hard Matte Protective Cover Skin. Luxury Bling Glitter Soft Silicone Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Note 8. Luxury Diamond Bling Glitter TPU Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S6 7 Edge S8 Plus. Luxury Mirror Case For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2017 EU Dual Sim Protective Cover. For Samsung Galaxy j3 j5 j7 2016 2017 Transparent Clear TPU Case Soft Back Cover. Leather Stand Wallet Flip Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 2016 A3 A5 2017. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 A3 A5 A7 View Window Leather Stand Cover Flip Case. For Samsung J3 J5 J7 2017 Ultra Slim Soft TPU Silicone Painted Back Case Cover. Shockproof Protective Case Cover For 2017 Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 J3 J5 J7 S6 S7. PINK REFINED ARMOR COVER PHONE CASE & HOLSTER FOR [SAMSUNG GALAXY J7 V (2017)]. Red with Black Military Grade Hybrid Cover Phone Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. For Samsung Galaxy S6 S7 Edge S8 Note 8 A3 A5 A7 2017. 360° Case Full Cover & Shockproof Protective Case. Samsung J3 J5 J7 For 2015 J300 J310 J500 J700. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) currently has an Informr score of 6 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 4. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. The J7 V is so incredibly humdrum I fear it won't stand out from the crowded shelves at Verizon stores. That's not to say that the J7 V doesn't have at least a few things going for it.. Galaxy J7 (2017) is a worthy successor to last year’s Galaxy J7 as it brings improvements in several different areas and we can definitely describe it as one of the best offers in its price range. The smartphone comes with a renewed design, which includes a metal construction and nice curves a.... If you’re particularly fond of what Samsung does with Android – and they do a lot right – but simply don’t want to spend more than $300, then the J7 2017 is really your only choice. But the handset simply doesn’t pack much dollar-for-dollar value. the Galaxy J7 (2017) is an excellent mid-range smartphone with above average specs. If the old chip is not an issue, it didn't ruin the overall experience, after all, then the new J7 has everything to become the new headliner for the series.. Samsung released the Galaxy J7 (2017) on March 23, 2017.. The Galaxy J7 (2017) price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Galaxy J7 (2017) manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Samsung backs up the Galaxy J7 (2017) with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Galaxy J7 (2017) problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Galaxy J7 (2017) has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Samsung support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Samsung's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 0 Why does my Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx say its ineligble to swap?. 1 Can you search the web and be on the phone the same time on Samsung Galaxy J7 Sky Pro?. 1 How to log out of Facebook on the Samsung Galaxy J7?. 4 Does the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) have any inherent audio problems?. 1 How to make my SIM fit a Samsung Galaxy J7?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017)'s screen size is 5.5 inches with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm 8953 Snapdragon 625 Octa core 2.2 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 8+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 256 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3300 mAh battery. Samsung 's performance ratings are 12 days standby time, 2400 minutes, Unknown Wi-Fi surfing.. Qualcomm 8953 Snapdragon 625 Octa core 2.2 GHz. Head: 1.24 W/kg Body: 1.58 W/kg. Data Cable, Manual, Standard Battery, USB Power Adapter. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.1 x 7.0 x 0.9 cm (5.6 x 2.8 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. Capacitive touch screen, 2.5D curved glass. A2DP, AVRCP, OPP/FTP, HID, HFP, HSP, PAN. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 256 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, ISO, Multi-shot, Night mode, Panorama, Self-timer, HDR, Sound & Shot. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Downloadable, Pre-installed (S Health, Samsung Notes). Other Names (AKA): Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx, Galaxy J7 V, Galaxy Halo. Manual (PDF) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Reviews Where to buy Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/850 /1800 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, EV-DO Rev. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Affordable and pleasing in its own way. The J7 V is so incredibly humdrum I fear it won't stand out from the crowded shelves at Verizon stores. That's not to say that the J7 V doesn't have at least a few things going for it.. The J7 V is so incredibly humdrum I fear it won't stand out from the crowded shelves at Verizon stores. That's not to say that the J7 V doesn't have at least a few things going for it.. A perfect choice for a mid-range Samsung smartphone. Galaxy J7 (2017) is a worthy successor to last year’s Galaxy J7 as it brings improvements in several different areas and we can definitely describe it as one of the best offers in its price range. The smartphone comes with a renewed design, which includes a metal construction and nice curve... Galaxy J7 (2017) is a worthy successor to last year’s Galaxy J7 as it brings improvements in several different areas and we can definitely describe it as one of the best offers in its price range. The smartphone comes with a renewed design, which includes a metal construction and nice curves at the edges. What’s more, here we also have a fingerprint sensor. The display is again 5.5-inch but now with Full HD resolution and support of Always on feature.. For a mid-ranger, it gets the job done. If you’re particularly fond of what Samsung does with Android – and they do a lot right – but simply don’t want to spend more than $300, then the J7 2017 is really your only choice. But the handset simply doesn’t pack much dollar-for-dollar value. If you’re particularly fond of what Samsung does with Android – and they do a lot right – but simply don’t want to spend more than $300, then the J7 2017 is really your only choice. But the handset simply doesn’t pack much dollar-for-dollar value. With so many solid options, often offering more features and better performance, there’s never been a better time to try something new.. the Galaxy J7 (2017) is an excellent mid-range smartphone with above average specs. If the old chip is not an issue, it didn't ruin the overall experience, after all, then the new J7 has everything to become the new headliner for the series.. the Galaxy J7 (2017) is an excellent mid-range smartphone with above average specs. If the old chip is not an issue, it didn't ruin the overall experience, after all, then the new J7 has everything to become the new headliner for the series.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs J5 - Water Test HD. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs iPhone 6 - Speed Test & Full Comparison. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs J5 - Knife Test HD. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) | Quick Unboxing and J5-Compare. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs Galaxy A8 - Speed Test & Review HD. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs Galaxy J5 - Speed Test HD. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs iPhone 5S. Samsung Galaxy J7 Vs Samsung Galaxy E7. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Halo, Grand prime, Sol, Sol2, Amp2, Amp prime, Express 3, Express prime. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs J5 - Charging Speed Test. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs Huawei P8 Lite - Speed Test & Full Comparison. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs S5 - Camera Comparison HD. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) smartphone flaunts a 5.5-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display. The smartphone is powered by the same octa-core Exynos 7870 processor clocked at 1.6GHz. The Galaxy J7 (2017) memory with 3GB of RAM and 16GB of expandable storage. The Galaxy J7 (2017) also comes with the 13-megapixel camera on the back and front camera.. Processor Exynos 7870 Octa-Core 1.6GHz Processor. Internal Memory 16 GB, 3 GB RAM. Full Specifications of Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Internal Memory 16 GB, 3 GB RAM. Processor Exynos 7870 Octa-Core 1.6GHz Processor. Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017), Galaxy J5 (2017), Galaxy J7 (2017) launched: Price, specifications, features. From Nokia 9, Xiaomi Mi Note 3 to Apple iPhone 8; rumor roundup of the most anticipated smartphones of 2017. The Galaxy J7 (2017) could be Samsung's first smartphone with dual cameras. Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 with Android 7.0 Nougat, 3,300mAh battery launched: Price, specifications, features. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) leaked renders hint a new design, U-shaped antenna bands. More on Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Reviews in India. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Features & Specs. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Vs Huawei P10 Lite. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Nice phone camera and other features awesome wow this is a very nice phone. Review on: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Awsome phone yaar Niec RAM Nice Look At phone And Camera 13 Megapixel Wow Thts AMEZINEG Yaar. Review on: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Awsome phone yaar Niec RAM Nice Look At phone And Camera 13 Megapixel Wow Thts AMEZINEG Yaar. Review on: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Awsome phone yaar Niec RAM Nice Look At phone And Camera 13 Megapixel Wow Thts AMEZINEG Yaar. Review on: Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Awsome phone yaar Niec RAM Nice Look At phone And Camera 13 Megapixel Wow Thts AMEZINEG Yaar. Marcia Sekhose on Jun 07, 2017 09:57 AM. The new Galaxy J series has been unveiled in .... Nandini Yadav on May 31, 2017 04:04 PM. Here is a roundup of the most recent leaks of the most .... Marcia Sekhose on May 31, 2017 03:54 PM. A leaked plastic case of the alledged Galaxy J7 (2017) .... Marcia Sekhose on May 23, 2017 03:44 PM. The Galaxy Wide 2 is expected to launch as the Galaxy J7 .... Deepak Gupta on May 22, 2017 02:02 PM. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) has an interesting antenna band .... Write a Review on Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Specifications, features compared #GalaxyS9 … buff.ly/2GJkIxU. Energizer Phone with 16,000mAh battery teased in a video ahead of MWC 2018 launch #MWC18 … bit.ly/2HMlbk4. Samsung Galaxy S9+ with dual rear cameras, dual aperture, AR Emoji feature launched at MWC 2018… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Guides, News, & Discussion. [Guide][Root][TWRP] J7 Pro 2017 by Oves786. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Guides, News, & Discussion Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Questions & Answers Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Themes, Apps, and Mods Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Accessories. 4 I have compiled TWRP for. work for the … 2 (quote). J730F, excellent … 2 (quote) There you go. 2 Wow! Just confirmed it. am using 32bit … 2 Wow! Just confirmed it. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By Oves786 , Account currently disabled on 26th July 2017, 05:47 PM. Presenting Root & TWRP Recovery For j7 2017. SO TO GET ROOT TWRP IS MANDATORY AND THAT VOIDS KNOX 1 |LOOSE WARRANTY|. Than add twrp.img.tar file in odin. Connect cable to pc in odin mode. To get root Instal super su. IS TESTED AND WORKS FOR OTHER MODELS TOO............ @ Oves786 Me For Guide And Links. .Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Development Group!. RESPECT THE DEV but he won't!. The Following 13 Users Say Thank You to Oves786 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. ahmed nagy 2017 (18th September 2017) , Berong (19th August 2017) , dampler (6th November 2017) , durrjunaid (9th February 2018) , GraveDigger (22nd August 2017) , hurry703 (10th December 2017) , Madcat1st (27th October 2017) , redymedan (5th August 2017) , salman_dude (7th August 2017) , santanakiller (17th August 2017) , sithuphyo (23rd December 2017) , superkid333 (9th August 2017) , yayalay (5th November 2017). Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2016. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy J7 , Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). LIKED MY WORK HIT A THANKS HERE. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to Oves786 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. BasharKD98 (21st August 2017) , kernalkonfusion (5th December 2017). Join Date: Joined: Aug 2014. My Devices: Sony Xperia M. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2016. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy J7 , Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). yes try and if works report in this thread. ill add model support on my thread. The Following User Says Thank You to Oves786 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: May 2006. It appears US (T-Mobile) version J7 prime has same chip (7870). Hopefully TWRP can be done on it.. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2016. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy J7 , Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). It appears US (T-Mobile) version J7 prime has same chip (7870). Hopefully TWRP can be done on it.. Join Date: Joined: May 2006. Currently I don't have this phone (G727T), but I plan to buy it in August. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2017. i tried flashing the recovery with Odin on my Galaxy J7 2017 (SM-J730F) but now it stucks in Booloader. Flashing with Odin was Sucessfull and the Phone bootet normaly. Odin Options "F.Reset Time" and "Auto Reboot" where checked. After System boots up i tried rebooting to recovery via "adb reboot recovery" but then the phone stuck in bootloader. Next I flashed stock firmware (J730FXXU1AQF4) and tried flashing TWRP again. This time i did not check "Auto Reboot" an after flashing TWRP i shut down the Phone and tried to boot to Recovery via button Power+Vol+Home but also the phone was stuck in bootloader. Did anyone successfully flash TWRP on the J7 SM-J730F or has anybody an advice how to flash TWRP successfull?. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to Gadgetto For This Useful Post: [ View ]. hurry703 (10th December 2017) , Doctor Snuggles (28th July 2017). Join Date: Joined: Sep 2015. Is there any solution for this?. ...i tried flashing the recovery with Odin on my Galaxy J7 2017 (SM-J730F) but now it stucks in Booloader.... The Following User Says Thank You to Doctor Snuggles For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2016. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy J7 , Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Originally Posted by Doctor Snuggles. Is there any solution for this?. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2016. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy J7 , Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Install g610f twrp and test if boots. It appears US (T-Mobile) version J7 prime has same chip (7870). Hopefully TWRP can be done on it.. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Guides, News, & Discussion by ThreadRank. [APP]NavExplorer 📁 Easy Android WiFi & Bluetooth File Transfer App. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [APP] [4.1+] Bromite - Chromium plus adblocking [25 February 2018 - 64.0.3282.182]. [APP][PATCHED] Google Phone v17.0.184919600 BUBBLE EDITION[NO ROOT]. [ROM] [ 8.0.0 ] Official madOS - Oukitel K6000 Plus [MT6750]. [APP] themeGalaxy DIY for Samsung Galaxy Note/S/J/C/A [THEME MAKER] [NO-ROOT]. [PORT] [WATCHFACES] Stock Watchfaces from Various OEMs. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. A quick tutorial of installing Windows RT 8.1 on recent Lumia. Windows Phone 8 Development and Hacking. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Guides, News, & Discussion. [Guide][Root][TWRP] J7 Pro 2017 by Oves786. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Samsung Galaxy J3 Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017). Samsung Galaxy J3 vs Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017): 87 facts in comparison. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Samsung Galaxy J3 (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) (Android 7.0 Nougat). Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. NFC (near field communication) allows a device to perform simple wireless transactions.. 802.11ac wireless works on the 5GHz frequency range. It offers higher transfer rates, improved reliability and improved power consumption. It provides advantages for gaming and HD video streaming.. The device has a fingerprint scanner which identifies the user.. The web browser has automatic word wrap when zooming, the user can easily read long lines without scrolling horizontally.. Samsung Galaxy J3 (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) (Android 7.0 Nougat). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp. FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour. >> Free Shipping on most orders over $49. Specials & Rebates See All Specials >. 1 of Deals Today. Enjoy Extended Returns thru Feb 1, 2018!. You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017.. All other standard return policy. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Galaxy J7 (2017) SM-J727U 16GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black). Galaxy J7 (2017) SM-J727U 16GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black). Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Place your order by 4pm and your order will ship the same day. For further details see delivery estimates in cart. International orders are processed the next shipping day.. 1.6 GHz Exynos 7870 Octa-Core CPU. 16GB Storage Capacity & 2GB of RAM. HD 1280 x 720 Native Resolution. 5MP Front + 8MP Rear Cameras. This device is Carrier-unlocked and may be used with any GSM carrier that uses a frequency or band that this device supports. A SIM card and service plan must be purchased separately. This device's frequencies can be found in the product Specifications under Cellular Network. Your carrier's available frequencies may be found in the links below. North American Carriers South American Carriers Worldwide Carriers. $0.00 Tax Collected Outside NY and NJ. B&H only collects sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in the States of New York and New Jersey. You may be responsible for state and local sales/use taxes when filing your tax returns. Please check your local sales tax laws.. Why Buy an Unlocked Phone: A Primer. The unlocked 2017 Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J727U 16GB Smartphone offers powerful performance and high-definition image quality on a large display. This smartphone is powered by the Exynos 7870 chipset with an octa-core 1.6 GHz processor and 2GB of RAM for multi-tasking. This model stores up to 16GB of data and features a microSD slot for added storage capacity. The smartphone's micro-USB 2.0 interface allows you to connect the device for mass-storage purposes and also serves as a charging port. The Samsung Galaxy J7 has an expansive 5.5" TFT screen and an HD 1280 x 720 native resolution for viewing detailed content. For photo capturing and video chatting, this smartphone features a 5-megapixel front camera and an 8-megapixel rear camera. High-speed Internet access is enabled by the smartphone's integrated 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi connectivity. Bluetooth 4.1 is also built-in for pairing with other Bluetooth-enabled devices. Built-in GPS allows you to utilize Google location and maps services, as well as receive turn-by-turn directions. The Samsung Galaxy J7 has a large, removable 3300mAh battery that can deliver hours of talk, text, and entertainment.. GSM / 4G LTE Wireless Connectivity. This phone is designed to work on select GSM networks and is 4G LTE capable. LTE is an advanced cellular network data protocol capable of data speeds so fast that they compete with wired broadband Internet providers. With an LTE connection, this phone should have no problem streaming HD video, downloading apps, uploading photos, or anything else that requires a high-speed data connection. The phone is also backwards compatible with 3G and 2G data for instances when you can't get LTE. In addition to cellular wireless, this phone also features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. Note: Not compatible with all cellular networks. Please make sure your provider uses a frequency or band that this phone supports. You can check which bands this phone works with in the Specifications. North American Variant / US Compatible LTE. The SM-J727U is a US variant of the 2017 Galaxy J7. The SM-J727U's LTE radio is tuned to frequencies that are most often used in the United States and North America. It can also be used in other parts of the world; however, LTE access may be limited or unsupported, depending on the network. To ensure this phone will work with your carrier please check to make sure the frequencies your carrier uses are supported by this phone. The full list of compatible carrier frequencies can be found here , the frequencies this phone supports can be found in the product specs.. The Android operating system integrates heavily with Google's services. Using the card-based Google Now, Android quickly surfaces information for you whenever you need it, powered by the same Knowledge Engine that runs Google's web search. It's a personalized and customizable OS, allowing you to add your favorite apps or widgets to your homescreen. You can even download new themes using the Google Play Store, which offers access to more than one million apps, games, books, music, movies, and more. Android 7.0 Nougat adds major productivity capabilities to the operating system in the form of a multi-window view, which allows for two apps to be placed onscreen at a time. An improved notification system allows you to interact with texts and emails right from your notification pane - without needing to open the app. Other features include file-based encryption, a Data Saver mode, the ability to scale text and icons to better suit your phone's screen, and more.. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) SM-J727U 16GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black). The Camera Phone is 20 Years Old!. What Smartphones Should I Consider If I Care About Security?. 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12. Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Proximity sensor. Dimensions (W x H x D). Galaxy J7 (2017) SM-J727U 16GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black) is rated. Rated 5 out of. Has all the features you need at a great price. Our previous phone finally "died" so we went in to look for a reasonable replacement knowing the 5G network is coming. We found a great deal in the J7. It even provides a great view when flying my drone. It was also important for us to have a removeable battery. When we are away from home and our phones get low in power we just pop in another battery and let the other charge either on AC or in a car portable charger cradle. The still camera and video work well. The extra storage available with the also removeable SD card mean plenty of APPS can be used. The screen is very nice and there are nice cases available. Back to the battery....There are not many phones that can last as long as this one. The battery lasts quite a while. With my other phone I was always looking for a place to charge about mid day. I've had higher scale phones but this one is a great one to have. It may be one of the last to have the removeable battery. I'll keep avoiding built in ones as long as I can.. Rated 5 out of. Works so well and easy to use. Rated 4 out of. There's nothing really bad to say about it except for certain areas it does not pick up as good as reception as it the other S Series. Rated 4 out of. This phone does everything I could want it to.. But some words used are a little hard to understand.. Rated 5 out of. Great price for a great device. This phone is fantastic for the price point. While not one of the Flagship devices, it certainly can compare, even beat out most 2nd tier phones. Also, they hold up really well and I can see myself selling it down the road for close to "new" prices for an upgrade. If you're considering this as your cheaper alternative, take it.. Rated 2 out of. This phone was slow, even from the start. It just froze up and stopped working. Everytime i got it to work, the screen would time out. I finally got it to work again. Don't waste your money on this phone.. Rated 2 out of. Be the first to review this item. See any errors on this page?. Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.. Shipping Free Expedited Shipping for most orders over $49. Returns Shop With Confidence Easy 30-Day Return Policy. Gift Cards The Gift that Never Expires. Event Space Expert B&H Events and Presentations. Browse our Winter 2018 Interactive Catalog. Sign up for B&H news and special offers. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. The email address you entered was an invalid email.. Speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more.. Enjoy the B&H mobile shopping experience. Norton Secured - Powered by Symantec. © 2000-2018 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 420 9th Ave, New York, NY 10001 uqstxfcbsdwzbdtdztaydezyxz. We close every Friday evening to Saturday evening for Shabbos.. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms NYC DCA Lic.: Elec. 
News Gadgets Android Apple Samsung Top And Best Xiaomi Contact Us. News Gadgets Android Apple Samsung Top And Best Xiaomi Contact Us. Home Android Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Specifications, Features, Price. Android Samsung Smartphones Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Specifications, Features, Price. Samsung Galaxy J7 Specifications Display 5.5 inch full HD Display Properties Super Amoled Display Resolution Resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels with a ppi of 401 Display Protection N/A Processor Samsung Exynos 7870 Octa-core 1.6 Ghz ( Snapdragon 625 2.0Ghz in US Variant) Processor Architecture Cortex A53 architecture RAM 3GB GPU Mali-T830 MP2( Adreno 506 for US variant) Storage 16GB SD card slot Expandable up to 256GB via micro SD/HC/XC card Dimensions 152.4mm(h) x 74.7mm(w) x 7.9mm(t) Android Samsung Experience UI on top of Android 7.1 Nougat Sensors Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor,Proximity sensor Weight N/A Protection IP54 - Dust and Splash Proof Connectivity 4G LTE, 3G WCDMA, 2G GSM, Bluetooth 4.1, Wi-Fi, GLONASS Primary Camera 13MP F/1.7 rear camera Secondary Camera 13 MP F/1.9 front camera with flash Battery Capacity 3600 mAh with fast charging support Charging Time N/A Battery Life N/A Screen-on Time N/A Colors Blue, Pink, Gold, Black Price N/A Availability Coming Soon Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Display 5.7 inch full HD Display Properties PLS Touchscreen Display Resolution Resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels with a ppi of 386 Display Protection N/A Processor Octa-core MediTek MT6757 Helio P20 2.4Ghz Processor Architecture Cortex A53 architecture RAM 4GB GPU Mali-T880MP2 Storage 32GB SD card slot Expandable up to 256GB via micro SD/HC/XC card Android Samsung experience UI on top of Android 7.0 Nougat Dimensions 156.7mm(h) x 78.8mm(w) x 8.1mm(t) Sensors Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor,Proximity sensor Weight N/A Protection IP54 - Dust and Splash Proof Connectivity 4G LTE, 3G WCDMA, 2G GSM, Bluetooth 4.1, Wi-Fi, GLONASS Primary Camera 13MP F/1.7 rear camera Secondary Camera 13 F/1.9 MP front camera with Flash Battery Capacity 3300 mAh Charging Time N/A Battery Life N/A Screen-on Time N/A Colors Gold, Black Price N/A Availability Coming Soon Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Display 5.5 inch full HD Display Properties Super Amoled Display Resolution Resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels with a ppi of 401 Display Protection N/A Processor Samsung Exynos 7870 Octa-core 1.6 Ghz Processor Architecture Cortex A53 architecture RAM Mali T-830MP2 GPU 3GB Storage 32/64GB Android Samsung Experience UI on top of Android Nougat 7.1 SD card slot Expandable up to 256GB via micro SD/HC/XC card Dimensions 152.4mm(h) x 74.7mm(w) x 7.9mm(t) Sensors Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor,Proximity sensor Weight 181g Protection IP54 - Dust and Splash Proof Connectivity 4G LTE, 3G WCDMA, 2G GSM, Bluetooth 4.1, Wi-Fi, GLONASS Primary Camera 13MP F/1.7 rear camera Secondary Camera 13MP F/1.9 front camera with flash Battery Capacity 3600 mAh with Fast charging support Charging Time 2+ Hours Battery Life 1 day (Heavy Usage) Screen-on Time 7-9 Hours Colors Gold, Black Price $250-300 Availability In Stores Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Release Date Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Price Country Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 India ₹ United States $269 United Kingdom £199 Japan ¥29,999 Canada $299 Australia $299. Samsung is on a roll this year, after the huge success of the Galaxy S8 series smartphones the company is now looking to update one of the most selling smartphone series the J series. Samsung Galaxy J series is hugely successful, and in particular, the Galaxy J7 series badly needed a reboot. released the Galaxy J7 2017 , Galaxy J7 Max and the Galaxy J7 Pro and we have compiled everything you need to know about these devices.. DEAL ALERT: Best Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro And Max deals on Amazon. Samsung isn’t a new name when it comes to smartphones; the company is a global market leader when it comes to smartphones with the current best Android smartphone being the Samsung Galaxy S8 , another series of smartphone from the house of Samsung which got popular in the year 2016 was the J series of smartphones.. The Samsung Galaxy J3 , Samsung Galaxy J5 and Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 all sold like hot cakes especially in the emerging markets such as India.. Whenever a smartphone becomes popular, expectations about its successor do emerge, and same goes with the Samsung Galaxy J7 2016, the phone was launched in March last year and had a nice feature portfolio to its name with the likes of Octa-core Exynos Processor, 3GB RAM, and an excellent camera.. Now Samsung has recently announced the refreshed 2017 version of Galaxy J7; the device comes with an upgraded design and specifications. So without any further delay let’s jump straight and get to know more about this smartphone.. Samsung Galaxy J7 Specifications Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Release Date Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Price. Here are the complete specifications of the device.. The 2017 version of the device has been upgraded externally as well as internally, the device looks more like the last year’s flagship Galaxy S7. The devices come powered with the Exynos 7870 Octa-core processor clocked at a 1.6 GHz, there is 3GB of RAM to ensure smooth multitasking, and there is expandable storage as well.. The J7 looks premium and seems to be well designed, the hardware is perfect for the price, and this device is going to give serious competition to devices like Moto G5 and Redmi Note 4.. Two other variants of the device were announced as well; the max option comes with a bigger 5.7-inch TFT display with the same full HD resolution, the significant change is the processor as the max variant runs on the latest MediaTek MT6757 Helio P20 processor clocked at 2.4 GHz.. The device also comes with 4GB of RAM which makes it blazing fast.. However, the battery has been decreased to 3300 mAh which is a letdown.. The Max variant is perfect for people who wanna buy a phone with a bigger screen and wants to play games and stuff.. Here are the complete specifications of Galaxy J7 Max.. The company also released the Pro variant of the device; the Galaxy J7 Pro comes with basically the same hardware as the Galaxy J7, however, in the pro option you get 64GB of internal storage.. It also has NFC support, unlike the other variants.. Considering all the options, the Pro variant seems to be a good choice if you like to have NFC on your devices.. Here are the complete specifications of Galaxy J7 Pro 2017.. Samsung has already released the device, and it is available around the Globe. In India, it is available offline and online as well via major e-commerce websites.. Here is the cost of the phone in various countries.. For more news about the device stay tuned.. TAGS Samsung Samsung Galaxy J7 2017. Previous article Download Razer Phone Stock Wallpapers in HD (Download Link). Next article Root OnePlus 5T, Install TWRP Recovery and take EFS Backup (In Depth). I am executive editor of TheLeaker. I also maintain the backend stuff of the site. I'm a Tech enthusiast and loves to do coding in free time. You can get in touch with me at Garv[at]theleaker.com. Motorola Moto X5 Specs, Design, Camera, Release Date and Pricing. Huawei P20 new renders and specs leaked. Samsung Galaxy S10 will come with Snapdragon 855. Facebook Google+ Twitter Subscribe to Blog via Email Trending List of Xiaomi MI Devices Expected To Get Android Oreo Update List of Smartphones and Tablets to get the Android Oreo Update List of LG phones expected to get Android Oreo 8.x Update Lenovo P3 (Vibe P3) Specifications, Price, Features, And Release Date Best Upcoming Smartwatches Expected in 2018 (Updated) List of Oppo Phones to get the Android Oreo Update (Android 8.0) Recent Posts Motorola Moto X5 Specs, Design, Camera, Release Date and Pricing Huawei P20 new renders and specs leaked Xiaomi might be testing Android Oreo for Mi 5 and Mi Mix Best Upcoming Smartwatches Expected in 2018 (Updated) Samsung Galaxy S10 will come with Snapdragon 855. Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.. TOS Privacy Policy Root How To Smartphones About Us Copyright Disclaimer Team. © TheLeaker All rights reserved Showbox. Edit with Live CSS Save. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
The next video is starting stop. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017, review en español. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ►►Cómpralo desde cualquier parte del mundo aquí: https://www.yaphone.net/es/smartphone... ►►Suscríbete a Topes de Gama: http://goo.gl/LuuzTb ►►Visita la web Topes de Gama: https://topesdegama.com/ ►►Galería de fotografías en Flickr: https://www.flickr.com/gp/topesdegama... Buena construcción, magnífica pantalla y todo ello sin desembolsar gran cantidad de dinero. ❤❤ GAFAS DE SOL TOPE DE GAMA ❤❤ Consigue unas AFTER con descuento usando el código TOPESDEGAMA: https://www.aftersunglasses.com/topes... Nuestras redes sociales: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/topesdgama Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/topesdegama/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/TopesdGama. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 vs Huawei P10 Lite - SPEED TEST - Which is faster??. Galaxy J7 Pro (2017) vs Galaxy J7 Prime - Comparativa. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) | Quick Unboxing and J5-Compare. Comparativa: Samsung Galaxy J5 2017 Vs J7 2017 | Enfrentamiento y diferencias. Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro 2017 - Review en español. 5 INVENTOS DE BICICLETA QUE DEBES TENER. Moto X4 review: terminal COMPLETO y PREMIUM. El mejor J7 que hizo Samsung (review Pro/2017). Samsung Galaxy J7 Metal (2016) - Review en español. iPhone X vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8 | La Batalla. YA LO TENEMOS AQUÍ!! Nuevo Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018). Galaxy J7 2015 vs Galaxy J7 2016 vs Galaxy J7 Prime - Comparativa. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017, Review en español. LA BRUTAL HUMILDAD DE MESSI CON 16 AÑOS | LA VIDA DE MESSI. Honor 9 Lite REVIEW: 4 CÁMARAS A BAJO COSTE!. Xiaomi Mi A1 review, una compra BRUTAL. SAMSUNG J7 2017, un móvil "CASI PERFECTO" en GAMA MEDIA | Review. ¡El Samsung Galaxy S9 chino! Koolnee K1. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
