Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. It seems we can’t find what you’re looking for. The Most Handsome Android Wear on the Market. | Posted on February 26, 2018 | No comments. Fire Emblem is Making its Name in Mobile…. | Posted on Feb 26, 2018. Fire Emblem Heroes – from being Nintendo favorite to…. Google Will Start Certifying Android Devices…. | Posted on Feb 26, 2018. It’s definitely not easy to find an Android device…. | Posted on Feb 22, 2018. Google, in its best effort, is uniting all of its several…. The Best Low-Cost Android Phone for…. | Posted on Feb 22, 2018. There is no doubt how far Android software has reached in…. Ultimate List of TowelRoot Pros and Cons – Should You Root?. | Posted on June 26, 2014 | 30 Comments. How to Fix Sudden Death Problem on Galaxy…. | Posted on Jan 8, 2013. The Samsung Galaxy S3 is the world’s most popular…. | Posted on Nov 24, 2012. Rooting your Android is the best way to gain access to some…. | Posted on Oct 5, 2012. NBA fans now have a way to bring their game on the road…. How to fix Google Play Store problems –…. | Posted on Nov 15, 2012. Not even the most hardcore Android…. Samsung Google Android apps Apple Root Android how to Best Android apps android how to Android tips Android Android security Android updates iphone android vs ios Android tips and tricks. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. CDMA 800 / 1900 - G930V, G930R. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - G930A, G930V. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G930T. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 20(800), 29(700), 30(2300), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - G930A. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700), 20(800), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300) - G930V. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 13(700), 20(800) - G930T. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 25(1900) - G930R. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm (5.61 x 2.74 x 0.31 in). Front/back glass (Gorilla Glass 4), aluminum frame. - Samsung Pay (Visa, MasterCard certified). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.1 inches, 71.7 cm 2 (~72.3% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~576 ppi density). Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). 12 MP (f/1.7, 26mm, 1/2.5", 1.4 µm, Dual Pixel PDAF), phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash. Geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, Auto HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@240fps, HDR, dual-video rec. 5 MP (f/1.7, 22mm, 1/4.1", 1.34 µm), dual video call, Auto HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, heart rate, SpO2. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). - S-Voice natural language commands and dictation. - OneDrive (115 GB cloud storage). Black Onyx, Silver Titanium, Gold Platinum. Versions: G930A (AT&T, Cricket); G930P (Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile); G930V (Verizon); G930T (T-Mobile, Metro PCS); G930R (US Cellular); G930U (Unlock model). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) - user opinions and reviews. What carrier in Canada are you using? Does your S7 cover all the frequency bands? Are you getting good reception/coverage?. I am experiencing the same thing as you however as far as I am reading some articles about battery drain after update to Nougat it actually exist neither Snapdragon 820 or exynos variant all I can say is since Samsung included a device maintenance fo.... excuse me, 2 months ago i have bought s7 for USA version and i got T-mobile. i was live in indonesian, i have a question is the s7 T-mobile version which used Snapdragon 820 have draining battery issues? because my phone have that issues and please t.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (USA) Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Note5. Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 439 results for "samsung galaxy s7 usa". See all results for samsung galaxy s7 usa .. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930A Unlocked Smartphone, (Black Onyx). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. $129.99 (32 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge G935F Factory Unlocked Phone 32 GB, No Warranty - International Version (Black Onyx). Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. $319.99 (28 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone (Black). $319.99 (21 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Description Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB Unlocked Smartphone - Black Onyx. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 32GB Smartphone, Verizon Wireless CDMA + GSM, Gold Platinum (Certified Refurbished). Product Features DO NOT include Samsung Retail Box, Headphones, and SIM Eject tool. Samsung Galaxy S7 ACTIVE G891A 32GB Unlocked GSM Shatter-Resistant, Extremely Durable Smartphone w/ 12MP Camera - Sandy Gold (Certified Refurbished). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. The exclusive Samsung Galaxy S7 active: shatter-, water- and dust .... Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB G930T - T-Mobile Locked - Black Onyx (Certified Refurbished). The Samsung Galaxy S7 is big on screen and slim on profile. Samsung S7 EDGE G935V 32GB, Verizon/GSM Unlocked, Silver Titanium (Certified Refurbished). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features Model: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge. Two (2) New Samsung OEM 4-Feet Micro USB Data Sync Charging Cables for Galaxy S6/S6 Edge/S6 Edge+/S7/S7 Edge/Note 4/5/Edge - Non-Retail Packaging - White EP-DG925UWE. Product Features Compatible Brand: For Samsung. Samsung EP-TA20JWEUBUS Adaptive Fast Charger for Galaxy S7/S7 Edge/S6/Edge/Edge+/Note Edge/ J3 (EP-TA20JWE/EP-DG925UWE) White Bulk Packing. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Compatible with: Samsung Galaxy S6 / S6 Edge / S7 / S7 Edge and more .... Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 32GB G935A GSM Unlocked (Certified Refurbished) (Black). Samsung Pay is the first mobile payment that's accepted almost anywhere .... Samsung Gear VR Virtual Reality Console Headset (USA Version) with Samsung Gear VR Controller All In One Bundle For Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, S6 and S6 edge. The Samsung Gear VR Headset is compatible with the Galaxy S7 , Galaxy .... Samsung OEM Wired 3.5mm Headset for Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge, Bulk Packaging - White (Bulk Packaging). $3.59 (15 used &amp new offers). Product Features Compatible Brand: For Samsung. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930A 32GB Black Onyx - Unlocked GSM (Certified Refurbished). In stock on March 2, 2018. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. ATT Unlocked Version, works for all GSM .... Samsung Galaxy S7 G930A 32GB AT&T GSM 4G LTE Smartphone - Gold Platinum. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. $195.00 (40 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. grade mobile security with the industry-trusted Samsung Knox platform .... Samsung S7 Unlocked GSM Smartphone, Gold, 32GB. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. $129.99 (36 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. life can't do without, the Samsung Galaxy S7. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Factory Unlocked Phone 32 GB International Version (Titanium Silver). $299.00 (20 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. Selfie Sticks & Cell Phone Tripods. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA). All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA). Save Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Samsung Galaxy S7 Active SM-G891A (AT&T Unlocked) Smartphone - 32GB USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge SM-G935F 32GB Unlocked (Global Version) Ship From USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930V 32GB Verizon + GSM Unlocked - Black White Silver USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930T - 32GB (Unlocked) GSM T-Mobile Smartphone FROM USA. MAGPUL Field Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy S7 - MADE IN USA. MAGPUL Field Case Cover for SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 Genuine / Authentic - MADE IN USA. 4 new & refurbished from $11.85. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge| SM-G935V | 32GB | Verizon Unlocked | 4G Smartphone USA. 31 new & refurbished from $189.97. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930P Sprint Unlocked 32GB - Black, Gold, Silver, White USA. 32GB Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930A (AT&T Unlocked) Black/White/Go ld/Silver - USA. Original Battery Cover Back Glass For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930T T-Mobile USA!. Flip Flower Stand Leather Wallet Card Hard Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Phones. Samsung Galaxy S7 S7-Edge Adaptive Fast Wall Charger EP-TA20JWE 5ft Original USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 Active SM-G891A 32GB (AT&T) Unlocked GSM Carrier 9/10 Fair USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, TPU Screen Protector Ultra Thin Premium Flex Film USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 Slim Full-Body Rugged Case With Built-in Screen Protector USA. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Active| Dual Bumper Case Kickstand USA Skull. Batman Injustice Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Limited Edition Phone MIB NEW in USA !!!. USA Wall Charger USB Cable Car Charger For Samsung Galaxy S7 S6 S4 Edge Note 4 x. Rear Back Camera REAL Glass Lens Only for Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930T 32GB T-Mobile Unlocked 12MP 4G LTE Smartphone USA. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Active| Slim Fit Hard 2 Piece Case USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Bumper Stand Case + Tempered Glass USA Skull. Samsung Galaxy S7 (SM-G930W8) 4GB+32GB Unlocked Octa-core Smartphone USA. For Samsung Galaxy S 7 Edge USA American Flag Hybrid Rugged Armor Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S 7 USA American Flag Hybrid Rugged Armor Phone Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Flexible TPU Case + Tempered Glass USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Slim Fitted Flexible TPU Case USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7| Dual Bumper Case Kickstand- USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Case Slim Fitted Flexible TPU USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7| Slim Fit Hard 2 Piece Case USA Skull. Samsung Galaxy S7 Black or Clear Geometry New Style Transparent Case USA Seller!. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 l Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge G935 Camera Glass Lens Cover USA. For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Snap On 2 Piece Case + Tempered Glass - USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Hybrid Bumper Stand Case + Tempered Glass USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Holster Clip Stand Case USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Active| Rugged Holster Clip Stand Case USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Clip Stand Case + Tempered Glass - USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Holster Clip Stand Case + Tempered Glass USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Flexible TPU Case + Tempered Glass USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7| Slim Fit Hard 2 Piece Case USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Active| Dual Bumper Case Kickstand USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Active| Grip Bumper Kickstand Case USA Skull. MAGPUL SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 Case Cover Genuine Authentic USA MADE Olive Drab Green. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Gold 32GB - Unlocked * Best Deal - (For Outside USA Only). 44 new & refurbished from $199.95. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Tempered Glass Screen Film Protector and TPU Case USA. For Samsung Galaxy S 7 Edge USA American Flag Hybrid Rugged Armor Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Active G891A Rugged Holster Clip Stand Case USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge NEW Defender Case w/Clip & Screen Protector USA Flag. American Flag USA Samsung Galaxy S4 5 6 7 8 Edge Note 3 4 5 8 Plus Case Cover n5. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Cluss Plus Diary Case Wallet Flip Case w/ Card Slot USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 Heavy Duty Rugged Defender Case Screen & Holster Fit Otterbox. Samsung Galaxy S7 Grow Green in Dark 3D Tiger or Wolf Case Cover USA Seller NEW!. For Samsung Galaxy S7 - HARD TPU RUBBER GUMMY SKIN CASE COVER USA AMERICAN FLAG. For Samsung Galaxy S7 - Leather Wallet Holder Pouch Case Cover USA American Flag. SAMSUNG Galaxy S7 edge (G935A) AT&T USA CLEAN IMEI AT&T USA UNLOCK CODE. For Samsung Galaxy S 7 USA American Flag Hybrid Rugged Armor Phone Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy S7| Dual Bumper Case Kickstand- USA Skull. For Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Bumper Stand Case + Tempered Glass USA Skull. * GALAXY S7 ONLY * DO NOT BUY FAKES * MADE IN THE USA. 100% Original- 5 Feet Cable- Super Fast Shipping-. Customs services and international tracking provided. *Screen Protector*Defender Case*Belt Clip*3 in 1 Combo*. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Minor cosmetic imperfection on bottom or back of item. Item will come in original packaging. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Get up to a $125.05 Gift Card.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone International Version (Silver). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by RE-CELL .. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Samsung Galaxy S7 G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone International Version (Silver) compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. 4G/LTE, FACTORY UNLOCKED, US/SOUTH AMERICAN VERSION, 32GB. 64BIT OCTACORE PROCESSOR, 4GB RAM, 5.1'' QUAD HD SUPER AMOLED, WORKS WORLDWIDE.. Camera 12 MP+ 5MP Secondary Camera, 4G bands LTE B1 / B2 / B3 / B4 / B5 / B7 / B8 / B12 / B17 / B18 / B19 / B26 / B28 / B40. Internal memory 32 GB, 4 GB RAM, Expandable MicroSD card 200GB. US CHARGER.Does not work with Verizon, Sprint, Boost, nextel,US Cellular,Virgin, or all non-GSM carriers. This is an international version : An international version item is a product not originally intended for sale in the U.S. Depending on the country of origin, international versions of a product may differ from domestic versions in their default settings, packaging, AC adapters, accessories, manufacturer warranties, and other features. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: Samsung Galaxy S7 G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone International Version (Silver) $429.95. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by RE-CELL.. ArmorSuit MilitaryShield Samsung Galaxy S7 Screen Protector (Case Friendly) Anti-Bubble HD Shield w… $7.85. Sold by New Tech Accessories and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Spigen Rugged Armor Galaxy S7 Case with Resilient Shock Absorption and Carbon Fiber Design for… $10.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930A Unlocked Smartphone, (Black Onyx). Samsung Galaxy S7 G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone International Version (Gold). Original Brand New Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 32GB White Factory Unlocked GSM International Version. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930T 32GB T-Mobile - Black. Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB T-Mobile Gold. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 32GB Verizon Phone Unlocked. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Spigen Rugged Armor Galaxy S7 Case with Resilient Shock Absorption and Carbon Fiber Design for Samsung Galaxy S7 2016 - Black. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone International Version (Gold). ArmorSuit MilitaryShield Samsung Galaxy S7 Screen Protector (Case Friendly) Anti-Bubble HD Shield w/ Lifetime Replacements. Galaxy S7 Case, Trianium [Clear Cushion] Premium Protective Case For Samsung Galaxy S7Scratch Resistant Seamless integrated Shock-Absorbing Bumper and Ultra Slim Clear Back Hard Panel Cover. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone (Black). Samsung Galaxy S7 Case,Hallsen [Electroplating TPU] Ultra Slim Anti-Scratch Premium Clear Crystal Back Cover Soft Flexible TPU Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Silver. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. An unlocked phone is a device that is not bound to any carrier or plan. It allows you to choose your phone first and your carrier second. Upon selecting a plan, simply insert the carrier's SIM card into the phone and you're ready to go. If you decide you want to change carriers down the road or want to take an international trip, it's as simple as replacing your existing SIM card with a new SIM and activating your new plan.. What are the benefits of an unlocked phone?. Freedom: Choose the carrier with the best service or price. If you find a better deal later, you have the ability to change to a different carrier.. Travel: Take your phone internationally and use the carrier of your choice. It's as easy as inserting an active SIM card.. Selection: Choose the phone with the features you want, whether or not your carrier sells it, and get more service options without a contract.. How do I set up my unlocked phone?. The first thing you’ll need is a SIM card for your desired carrier. When activated, the SIM card will let your phone connect to your carrier’s network. If you decide to upgrade to a newer unlocked phone in the future, you can easily remove the SIM card from your old phone and put it in your new phone—just make sure you get the right size of SIM card (nano, micro, or standard) for your phone. If you want to use your phone while traveling internationally, you can easily buy a SIM card for a carrier that operates where you’re traveling. As long as it’s activated, you can just swap SIM cards when you arrive at your destination.. 0.31 x 5.94 x 2.86 in. 0.31 x 2.74 x 5.61 in. 5.9 x 2.9 x 0.3 in. 0.31 x 2.74 x 5.61 in. 0.31 x 5.61 x 2.74 in. 0.31 x 5.61 x 2.74 in. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone International Version (Silver). Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB Unlocked (Verizon Wireless) - Gold. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Single Sim Smartphone - International Model (Silver). Samsung Galaxy S7, Black 32GB (Verizon Wireless). Samsung S7 Unlocked GSM Smartphone, Gold, 32GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 Dual Sim Factory Unlocked Phone 32 GB - Internationally Sourced (Middle East/Afican/Asia) Version G930FD Dual Sim- Black Oynx. Fast battery charging: 60% in 30 min (Quick Charge 2.0); Wireless charging (Qi/PMA) ; market dependent; ANT+ support; S; Voice natural language commands and dictation; OneDrive (115 GB cloud storage); Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic; MP4/DivX/XviD/WMV/H.264 player; MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+/FLAC player; Photo/video editor; Document editor. NOTE: Phone can be unlocked by making 5 mins call to activate the phone of outside USA.. 5.9 x 0.3 x 2.9 inches. 1 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #25,609 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #548 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Seller Warranty Description 30 day return policy and satisfaction guarantee. Email me for a prepaid return shipping label!. 5 star 60% 4 star 10% 3 star 7% 2 star 5% 1 star 18%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best smartphone on the market. This phone works perfectly with T-mobile. I activated it at the agency and it is doing very well so far. I'm in love with my phone. It is fast, the touch is accurate, and the camera is simply the best on the market today. I leave a photo I took of a small snail at night, almost without illumination. A picture is worth a thousand words.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Phone did not work and no answer to complaint. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Very good smartphone, and should last quite a while without need for upgrading. I bought it because I wear hearing aids, and Samsung's phones work with Beltone devices nicely. Being an overseas resident and frequent traveler, the ability to drop a SIM in and go is pretty awesome as well. It's solid enough that there's no need for me to look at the S8 yet. I did recently put LineageOS on it in place of TouchWiz, mainly because I wanted rid of the typical Samsung bloatware, and it runs even better. TouchWiz isn't a bad interpretation of Android though, so the average user won't mind it. I'm a techie and I like to have more control of my device. Unfortunately, Samsung can be slow to push out newer versions of Android, but if that's not an issue for you, then this is a good purchase, and definitely is a better price point now than the S8.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone worth to buy. It came in a sealed box and all accessories. The phone battery life is good as I expected the touch is great I really love the fingerprint sensor works great. It was easy to transfer data and apps from my Galaxy one5. I had some issues with my previous galaxy s7 purchase I returned.So far it's great phone I am satisfy with my purchase.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Works perfectly in Costa Rica I have had it for 10 months, no issues , still excellent performance, fast charge and updates from Samsung with no issues Added an additional memory card and works perfectly Resists little amounts of water spilled on it, or some rain Does not overheat and camera is very nice. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars The S8 is for sure greater, but I still .... The S8 is for sure greater, but I still find my S7 above and beyond what I need it for.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Everything was sealed it works good... Everything was sealed it works good ... included the charger, instructions, The clip for memory card, headphones and I have to confess that I feel so glad with this purchase.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Nice. Was this review helpful to you?. I hate it the battery becomes hot and i can actually feel it when I use the phone for more than 10 minutes. 2.0 out of 5 stars I hate it the battery becomes hot and i can actually .... 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 2.0 out of 5 stars Very disappointed. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The cell continuously over heard didn't receive a charger neither a pin to open the area where am to insert the simcard.. 2.0 out of 5 stars The cell continuously over heard didn't receive a charger neither .... 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Too over priced but a decent piece of tech. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy G550T On5 GSM Unlocked Smartphone - Black- (Certified Refurbished). Samsung Galaxy S8 64GB Unlocked Phone - International Version (Midnight Black). Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime G610 16GB 5.5-inch Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Version - Internationational Model (Black). Samsung G928A Unlocked Galaxy S6 Edge+, 32GB, GSM Quad-Core, 4G LTE, 16MP Camera - Black Sapphire. Moto E4 Plus 4G LTE Dual Sim XT1771 16GB Finger Print Reader Quad Core 3Gb RAM 13MP Front Flash International Version Desbloqueado. Samsung Galaxy Tab A SM-T585 16GB Black, 10.1" , WiFi + Cellular Tablet, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. See and discover other items: all samsung phone , dual sim card phones , android sd cards , galaxy s7 edge camera , samsung note phones , samsung mobile phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in USA. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in USA. The Retail Price of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA is USD 550. Today, Samsung brand has become a powerful source of producing handsets. The Company recently released Galaxy S7 USA that is the combination of awesome and latest technology. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA features a 5.1 inches Super Amoled display which has QHD resolution and 577 ppi pixels density, which means users are getting a wonderful display and they can watch movies on clear, bright and vibrant screen. To protect your smartphone, Gorilla Glass 4 is always on top of display. Its metal body gives device a premium look.. As regarding to optics, 12MP lens is embedded on rear that comes with several commendable features to record excellent pixels videos and a 5MP shooter is installed on its front for video calls. Under the hood, Quad core processor, Adreno 530 GPU and 4GB RAM is packed for safe, gentle and soothing performance. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset handles the work flow in a sturdy manner. Li-ion 3000mAh battery is juiced to keep device up for a long time.. The Smartphone supports fast and wireless charging, allow you to search with voice, and has ANT+ support and much more features. 32GB of ROM is built-in device for data saving purpose. It has Fingerprint (front-mounted), barometer, heart rate and SpO2 sensors which are very helpful for you in daily life use. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA price in USA is USD 550.. Check the Most updated Price of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in USA and detail Specifications, features and compare Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Prices Features and Detail Specs with upto 3 Products. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Specs and Features. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 CDMA 800 / 1900 - G930V, G930R. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - G930A, G930V CDMA2000 1xEV-DO - G930V, G930R HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G930T. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 20(800), 29(700), 30(2300), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - G930A LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700), 20(800), 38(2600), 39(19. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm (H x W x T). Black Onyx, Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium. Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16 Millions colours. 2560 x 1440 pixels, 576 ppi. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 (Always-on display and also TouchWiz UI). 2160p, 30fps, 1080p, 60fps, 720p, 240fps, HDR and dual-video recorder.. 1/2.5 inch sensor size, 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, Auto HDR and panorama. microSD, dedicated up to 256 GB. Quad-core (Dual core 2.15 GHz Kryo & Dual core 1.6 GHz Kryo). 3.5mm Jack, LoudSpeaker, 24,bit/192kHz audio and Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fast charging 60% in 30 minutes with Quick Charge 2.0. ANT+ support , S,Voice natural language commands and dictation , OneDrive (115 GB cloud storage) , MP4/DivX/XviD/WMV/H.264 player , MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+/FLAC player , Photo/video editor , Document editor. Best Price of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA in USA is USD 550 as of February 26, 2018. The Latest Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in USA updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms and price list provided by the dealers of Samsung in USA we are trying to delivering possible best and Cheap Price/offers or deals of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA in USA and Full Specs, but we are can’t grantee the information are 100% correct(human error is possible), All prices mentioned are in USD and USD and valid all over the USA including New York, California, Texas Slight deviations are expected.. For Suggestions, Feedback or fond any error in rates or specs Please Send an Email .. Disclaimer: Latest and New Mobiles, Smartphones and Cell Phones Price List / Prices are updated regularly from USA's Local Mobile Phone market. We are trying to provided best possible Mobile Phone prices in USA and detailed Specifications, but we cannot guarantee all information's are 100% correct. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by CMobilePrice 2017. 
Welcome Please enjoy our special offers for you. FlexWash TM + FlexDry TM. FlexWash TM + FlexDry TM. Log in to your Samsung Account.. Log in to complete your purchase, track your order, register your products and earn rewards on qualifying purchases. Don't have a Samsung Account? Create one. Log in with your Samsung Account. By submitting this form you agree to our Terms &. Conditions and Privacy Policy .. Don't have a Samsung Account? Create one. If you are a mobile dealer creating an account for the first. By submitting this form you agree to our Terms &. Conditions and Privacy Policy .. Enter your email address and validation code to reset your password. Your new password has been sent. Check your email to validate your new password and access your account.. Password is case-sensitive and Must be at least 8 characters and use a combination of letters and numbers.. If you are a mobile dealer creating an account for the first. Sign up for a Samsung Account.. Sign up for a Samsung Account today, for easy product registration, enjoy perks like exclusive offers, a comprehensive rewards program and much more. Earn rewards for the things you do every day.. Connect your Samsung appliances, TVs and more.. Get access to our best offers and giveaways.. Protect your data and access it from any device.. Please send me information and special offers on innovative Samsung products. Turn on Customization Service (Optional). Your date of birth is used to verify your identity if. you lose your E-mail or password.. By submitting this form you agree to our Terms &. Conditions and Privacy Policy .. By submitting this form you agree to our Terms &. Conditions and Privacy Policy .. If you are a mobile dealer creating an account for the first. Enjoy special pricing and benefits exclusively made for Samsung friends and family members.. Sorry, you can't be added to Samsung's Friends and Family Program as you're already a part of discount program. You can continue shopping and take advantage or our best deal at Samsung.com. Save up to $350 with qualifying trade-in.* Reserve a Galaxy S9 or S9+ today and be among the first to preorder on March 2nd for guaranteed delivery by March 14th.**. Introducing the Galaxy S9 | S9+. Click clear all to begin adding products from a new category.. You have 4 products ready to compare. Remove 1 or hit "Clear All" to add more!. Capture stunning pictures in bright daylight and super low light.. Capture stunning pictures in bright daylight and super low light.. Our category-defining Dual Aperture lens adapts lens like the human eye. It's able to automatically switch between various lighting conditions with ease-making your photos look great whether it's bright or dark, day or night.¹. Even more storage with a 256GB microSD card, so you never run out of room for videos, photos and files.². With an IP68 water resistance rating the Galaxy can resist a splash or accidental dunk.³. A smarter way to use your phone.. A smarter way to use your phone.. Bixby is the smarter way to get things done. Identify something you're looking at or set a reminder all with simple voice commands. Carry all of your favorite cards on your devices so you can pay in-person or online. Plus get extra rewards for the same purchases you make every day.⁵. Control hundreds of devices and appliances - whether you're at home or out of the house. Turn on the lights, preheat the oven and even see what's in your fridge.⁶. Monitor everything from activity to sleep to nutrition, live chat with a doctor and stay motivated with notifications.⁷. The first Note to feature dual camera technology. The Note8 also boasts the borderless Infinity Display and the productivity-boosting S Pen.. Save up to $350 toward a Galaxy S9 and S9+ with qualifying trade in.*. Reserve today and be among the first to preorder on March 2nd for guaranteed delivery by March 14th.**. Get a new Galaxy every year. Samsung Upgrade features low monthly payments and the option to trade-up your phone every year.ᵠ. Get more than just protection for your new phone. Receive 1 month of Samsung Premium Care for free.†. *For a limited time only, on Samsung.com/Shop Samsung App, pre-order a Samsung Galaxy. S9 and S9+ with Samsung Financing, Carrier Financing option or outright purchase at full retail price (“Qualifying Purchase”) and send in a qualifying trade-in device to Samsung through the Samsung Trade-In Program (must be received by Samsung. of receipt of Qualifying Purchase or you will be charged back for trade-in value applied to purchase), and you will receive up to a $350 trade-in credit to apply toward your Qualifying Purchase. Check Samsung.com for a list of smartphone models that currently qualify for trade-in; smartphone models eligible for trade-in may change throughout the promotion period at Samsung’s sole discretion. To be eligible for trade-in, a qualifying device must meet all Trade-In Program eligibility requirements, which include that the device powers on and holds a charge; has a functioning display; has no breaks or cracks in the screen (unless you specifically select a cracked screen offer if available at the time you make your Qualifying Purchase); has no breaks or cracks in the case; has no other visible defects that go beyond normal wear and tear; is not on a black list of any kind; has a verified FCC ID; has been reset to factory settings; has all personal information removed from device; and has reactivation lock, Google Factory Reset Protection and all other anti-theft locking software disabled. If you send in a trade-in device and it is received. of receipt of your Qualifying Purchase but does not meet all eligibility requirements, you will be charged back the value of the trade-in credit you received minus $25. Participation in this program does not excuse you from contracts with your carrier or retailer (or any related payments or fees) for the device that was traded in. You may not participate if you lease or do not own the device you would be trading in. Limit 1 trade-in per Qualifying Purchase. Samsung reserves the right to modify or discontinue this offer at any time. The Trade-In Program cannot be combined with any other Samsung, carrier or retailer promotions, discounts, or offers unless specifically provided for in the terms and conditions of such offers. **From 2/25/18 until 3/1/18 at 11:59p.m. Eastern Time (ET) (the “Reservation Period”), you may reserve the right to place a pre-order of a Galaxy S9 or S9+ on Samsung.com or through the Shop Samsung App beginning March 2, 2018 at 12:01a.m. ET until March 5, 2018 at 11:59p.m. ET (the “Reserved Pre-Order Period”) for guaranteed shipping by March 14, 2018 (the “Guaranteed Date”). Please note that simply reserving your phone during the Reservation Period will not automatically place a pre-order for Galaxy S9 or S9+. In order to place the pre-order and receive. Galaxy S9 or S9+ by the Guaranteed Date, after you place your reservation, you must return to Samsung.com or the App during the Reserved Pre-Order Period and fully complete the pre-order transaction. If you do not return to Samsung.com or the App during the Reserved Pre-Order Period to complete your pre-order, your reservation will be cancelled automatically and you will no longer have reserved priority for placing a pre-order or to receive Galaxy S9 or S9+ by the Guaranteed Date, and your ability to place a pre-order going forward will be subject to availability of devices and any shipping times available at the time of your pre-order.. † Premium Care is free for the first month. Samsung pays for Premium Care during this period. After the first month, you will be billed $11.99 per month. For additional questions regarding Samsung Premium Care, please call 1-866-371-9501.. ᵠ Limited time only, while supplies last, exclusively on Samsung.com and the Shop Samsung App (excluding in-person Samsung Studios transactions made using the App). You must opt-in to the Samsung Upgrade Program, apply and be approved for a financing account (“Financing Account”) under the Samsung Financing Program, make an initial purchase of an eligible Samsung Galaxy device (“Initial Device”) on a 24 month payment plan using your Financing Account and purchase and maintain Premium Care coverage for the Initial Device on standard financing terms or a separate required financing offer. If at any time you cancel Premium Care coverage for your Initial Device, your enrollment in the Upgrade Program will be cancelled and you will no longer be eligible to upgrade the Initial Device through the Upgrade Program. The price of your Initial Device plus any applicable shipping charges and taxes is the amount you will finance with your Financing Account (“Financed Amount”). After 12 months from the date Samsung ships your Initial Device to you, if your Financing Account is in good standing, you purchase a new Galaxy device with Premium Care (“Upgrade Device”) on a new 24 month payment plan using the Financing Account and you return your Initial Device to Samsung in good condition and meeting all requirements stated in the full terms and conditions for Upgrade Program (“Upgrade Terms”), then you will receive an upgrade credit (“Upgrade Credit”) equal to the balance of the applicable Financed Amount that remains outstanding on your Financing Account, up to a maximum of 50% of the Financed Amount (“Maximum Credit”). The Upgrade Credit is entirely subject to receipt by Samsung of your Initial Device in good condition and meeting all requirements stated in the Upgrade Terms. If your Initial Device does not meet these requirements, the Upgrade Credit will be reduced to $25 or the balance of the Financed Amount that remains outstanding on your Financing Account, whichever is less (“Limited Credit”). If, at the time you wish to purchase an Upgrade Device, your Initial Device is not in good condition you must make a claim for repair or replacement under your Premium Care coverage and pay any applicable deductibles before returning your Initial Device to Samsung. If you have already exhausted the coverage available under Premium Care or damage to your Initial Device is not covered under the applicable terms, then you may not be eligible for a Maximum Credit and if you return your Initial Device to Samsung you may receive a Limited Credit and remain liable for the outstanding balance on your Financing Account for the purchase of your Initial Device. “Good condition” means that your Initial Device powers on and holds a charge, has a functioning display and has no breaks or cracks or other visible defects that go beyond normal wear and tear.. In addition, your Initial Device must not be not on a black list of any kind and, before returning your Initial Device, you must perform a factory reset and remove all personal information from the device and disable reactivation lock, Google Factory Reset Protection and all other anti-theft locking software. If you do not return your Initial Device to Samsung. after you purchase your Upgrade Device, you will not receive any Upgrade Credit. Pending the application of your Upgrade Credit (whether the Maximum Credit or Limited Credit), you must continue to make all minimum payments as required by the Financing Account terms. This includes any amounts for the new purchase of your Upgrade Device. If the Upgrade Credit you receive is less than the outstanding Financed Amount, any remaining balance of the Financed Amount will also remain subject to required minimum payments in accordance with the Financing Account terms. After you return your Initial Device to Samsung, it will not be returned to you under any circumstances, regardless of its condition or the amount of Upgrade Credit applied to your Financing Account. Neither the Initial Device nor the Upgrade Device may be resold. The Upgrade Program may be modified or cancelled at any time in Samsung’s sole discretion. Dual aperture on rear lens only. Light comparison based on the Galaxy S8. 2 Memory card sold separately. 3 IP68 - Water resistant in up to 5 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. See user manual for more details. Voice command works with a select, growing list of Samsung and third-party apps; see Apps with Voice in Bixby for list of compatible apps. Voice command recognizes English (US) and Korean. Not all accents, dialects and expressions recognized. Service ability may vary by country. Voice command works with a select growing list of Samsung and third-party apps; see Apps with Voice in Bixby for list of compatible apps. View them at http://www.samsung.com/us/samsung-pay/rewards/terms-and-conditions/ or on the Samsung Pay app. 7 Not a medical monitoring/diagnostic device. Accuracy of data provided by this device and related software, incl. heart rate readings, may vary based on environmental/skin conditions, settings/user input, activities performed, and other end-user interactions. For more information, see www.samsung.com/us/heartratesensor and in-app disclosures. Live chat requires Samsung and American Well accounts; service provided by American Well; see https://www.americanwell.com/ for additional terms, conditions and information.. SIM card must be compatible with area’s available networks. International calling, data services and coverage vary by network provider. © 2018 Samsung Electronics America, Inc. Samsung, Galaxy S and Shop Samsung are all trademarks of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Home Entertainment Has Never Been Better. Copyright © 1995-2018 SAMSUNG All Rights reserved.. Sign up & get 10% off. Sign up and get 10% off your first order of $100 or more! Shop Samsung.com to find the best tech at the best prices and recieve news on our latest technology and exclusive offers.*. Order must be a minimumm of $100 or more. Offer valid only for new Samsung.com customers. Must sign up for emails by 11/12/16. Promo code must be used by 11/19.. Check your inbox for a discount code for 10% off your first purchase.. Looks like you are already a Samsung.com subscriber and aren't eligible for this one time offer.. Fast, easy checkout with Shop Samsung App. Easy sign-in, Samsung Pay, notifications, and more!. Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.. Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.. You Are About To Be Redirected To Investor Relations Information for U.S. Thank you for visiting Samsung U.S. You will be redirected via a new browser window to the Samsung Global website for U.S. 1, 2017, the Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. printer business and its related affiliates were transferred to HP Inc.. For more information, please visit HP's website: http://www.hp.com/go/samsung. * For Samsung Supplies information go to: www.hp.com/go/samsungsupplies. Program cartridge return & recycling go to: www.hp.com/go/suppliesrecycling. * For Samsung printer support or service go to: www.hp.com/support/samsung. Select CONTINUE to visit HP's website.. 
Skip to content Skip to accessibility help. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. Rethink What a Phone Can Do. Galaxy S7 edge & Galaxy S7. * Key feature may different from Key Spec. Samsung India encourages its customers for e-waste recycling.. Please call 1800 40 SAMSUNG (7267864) or. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery and Conclusion. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge vs Samsung Galaxy Note 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge vs Samsung Galaxy Note 5. posted by Luis D.. T-Mobile - T-Mobile + AT&T - AT&T + Verizon - Verizon + Sprint - Sprint + Samsung - Samsung + Android - Android +. 4 Call Quality, Battery and Conclusion. Introduction With the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge 's release, Samsung is coming back with a bang, realizing what it started last year to its fullest potential. The Galaxy S7 edge has several things going over its predecessor, such as subtle design enhancements, significant hardware improvements, and user-centric niceties like water resistance and expandable storage. Although it lacks groundbreaking features, such as the iPhone 6s' 3D Touch interface or the LG G5 's novel modularity, the Galaxy S7 edge is among the most attractive and technologically accomplished Android smartphones to date. So is the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 , which not only looks and feels like a premium device should, but also sets an example for what it means to be a Swiss Army knife of a smartphone with its overwhelming feature set. In the world of Android phablets, the Galaxy Note 5 is yet to witness a true competitor, although Samsung's other choices for high-end, big screen phones – ones like the Galaxy S7 edge – are pulling the rug under the Note series' once unshakeable feet. After all, not everyone's eyeing a big screen smartphone with productivity in mind, and neither are they willing to pay a premium for the S-Pen feature set. With all this in mind, let's compare the Galaxy S7 edge and the Galaxy Note 5's many strengths, weaknesses, similarities, and differences so you can obtain an informed perspective over these amazing Samsung smartphones. Let's dig in! Design Both phablets look and feel absolutely premium, but the S7 edge is more reasonably sized and waterproof, while the Note 5 has the S-Pen stylus. Being an iterative upgrade, the Galaxy S7 edge doesn't look much different than its predecessor, but the incremental changes have refined the design. It is still a futuristic and elegant device whose dual edge curved screen is immediately striking. Samsung actually took a cue from the Galaxy Note 5, transplanting its curved glass back onto the Galaxy S7 edge. Thus, the back of the handset isn't flat like the S6 edge and it feels better in the palm. The Note 5 is also a sight to behold with its smooth glass back and carefully sculpted metal frame, but it goes for a comparatively conventional look. Alas, both devices are utter fingerprint magnets with their glassy bodies, needing a thorough wipe every now and then. When clean, though, both phablets look and feel absolutely premium. Interestingly, the Galaxy S7 edge is reasonably sized for a 5.5-inch device and makes the Note 5 look and feel massive in comparison. The Galaxy S7 edge is therefore easier to operate one-handed with its smaller footprint, while the Galaxy Note 5 makes two-handed use a necessity in most cases. Weight-wise, both devices feel substantial with their metal and glass builds. They are sold in a somewhat conservative choice of colors, though – Black, White, Gold, and Silver. While all too predictable at this point, the color variants do look nice and classy, and the way light plays off both smartphones' metal and glass bodies is just fancy! However, the Galaxy S7 edge does have a design advantage over the Galaxy Note 5 in that the handset is IP68-certified, which means it's dust-tight and can be safely submerged into water 1 meter (3.28 feet) deep. The Galaxy Note 5 has no such superpowers, so you'll have to baby it, or get the bulkier Galaxy Note 5 Active. Being rugged is one thing, but rocking a pressure-sensitive stylus is another level of cool, and the Galaxy Note 5 has that going for it! The S-Pen is the church's top when it comes to productivity-oriented functionality on a smartphone. The stylus is hidden in a silo along the lower right corner of the phone. Press down on it slightly, and the non-business end of the S-Pen pops out of the slot. Take it out for a spin and enjoy the special S-Pen features – writing with the screen off, Air Command, Write on PDF, and Scroll capture, among other things. Being the technological powerhouses they are, both handsets have fingerprint sensors for biometric security, heart rate sensors, wireless charging and rapid charging. Display Samsung's latest AMOLED displays are among the industry's best, but the Galaxy S7 edge doesn't improve the Galaxy Note 5's foundation much. Samsung's latest AMOLED displays are one of the best the industry has to offer, and neither the Galaxy S7 edge, nor the Note 5 are exceptions to that. Both are very sharp with their 1440 x 2560 px resolution, and size-wise, the one on the GS7 edge is 5.5 inches, while that on the Note 5 is 5.7 inches by diagonal. We're talking big screens here, folks! Both displays are reasonably color-accurate, although red colors, in particular, are somewhat off the reference points and appear oversaturated. Unfortunately, the Galaxy S7 edge's display can't really be called an improvement over the Galaxy Note 5's, but it still ranks among the best smartphone screens there are. With a minimum of 2 nits and maximum of 493 nits brightness output, the Galaxy S7 edge presents a marginal improvement over the Galaxy Note 5's 2 nits minimum and 470 nits maximum. These are sufficiently bright displays that can be used under intense light and won't strain your eyes in the dark. However, there are other smartphones that offer a peak brightness output of 600 to 800 nits and above, so Samsung isn't a leader here. Viewing angles are good, but shifting the perspective introduces visible color distortion – a shortcoming of Samsung's current AMOLED screens. While it lacks technological improvements, the S7 edge's display does have something to differentiate it from the Note 5's, and that's 'Always On' functionality. When it's outside your pocket, the S7 edge constantly keeps part of its screen on to show you glanceable info, such as the time, notifications, and appointments. The best part is that this is supposed to help with battery life, as Samsung and fellow 'Always-On' purveyor LG claim users turn on their screens up to 200 times a day just to check the time. The Note 5's display can't pull off such tricks, but it is bigger than the S7 edge's, and has the ability to receive input from Samsung's pressure-sensitive stylus, of course.. 5.94 x 2.86 x 0.3 inches. 150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7 mm. 6.03 x 3 x 0.3 inches. 153.2 x 76.1 x 7.6 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Specifications News [434] Rivals Size it Videos. Specifications News [263] Rivals Size it Videos. More content with Galaxy S7 edge and Galaxy Note 5. Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs S7 Edge. Google Pixel XL vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 5. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Moto Z Force Droid vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge. HTC 10 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge. (Posts: 19; Member since: 17 Sep 2013). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 03:45. the winner is note 5 (for a student like me s pen is a big deal). if only note 5 was waterproof and has micro sd. (Posts: 1610; Member since: 26 Oct 2011). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 05:41. I think that's where the Note 6 comes in.. (Posts: 977; Member since: 07 May 2015). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 06:35. The Note 6 will definitely have a micro sd slot but I doubt it will be waterproof. I'm guessing the S Pen slot has something to do with why they haven't waterproofed the Note series since they would have to seal that area. (Posts: 473; Member since: 11 Feb 2014). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 04:24. (Posts: 1149; Member since: 23 Aug 2012). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 04:36. Phonearena is the ONLY site that FAILS to mention the autotbrightness in comparisons. It is an intelligent feature that stops you smashing you're battery to bits but is there when you NEED it. The phones in this comparison go above 800 nits so you need to mention that. (Posts: 567; Member since: 27 Jun 2013). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 06:00. (Posts: 3487; Member since: 26 Oct 2012). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 06:31. I would rather believe testing methods of displaymate then your's. I mean the difference is humongous. Displaymate says its 855 nits and you say its 493 nits. Its obvious that your testing methodology is flawed and we all know Samsung's display get brighter in auto-brightness which you can't do manually. Even your battery tests for S7/Edge are way-off then your competitors. Not just one, more or less all the reputed sites are saying S7 Edge's battery is excellent. Its not a bad idea to listen to your viewers once in a while.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 10 Mar 2016). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 09:52. I use my S7 (Edge) for games like Candy Crush (all of them), Hearthstone, Instagram, Facebook, Internet, Snapchat, Tumblr, and i use google music driving home from work and it's paired with an Android watch and this phone has lasted me 24 hours and it barely went down to 34%. I don't think your "test" are valid in real world situations. When I read your comments on how awful the battery is according to PA...i can't help but laugh because i know its bull crap.. (Posts: 622; Member since: 08 Jun 2014). posted on 11 Mar 2016, 01:04. As a representative of PA, you should try not come off as a jackass with your terse reponses.. (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 12 May 2016, 03:03. I usually turn off that auto brightness on my phone because that usually drains my batter fast the brighter the screen the more power it uses. I prefer to adjust the brightness myself.. (Posts: 15; Member since: 01 Mar 2012). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 05:24. To be honest I not convinced S7 is much better (if any) than Note 5 (I have S6 edge) in camera department. I was expecting more especially after those bold claims 95% more light bla bla... Judging those photos you really need to stretch to see difference, if any. Some parts of S7 pictures have better focus, but upon closer inspection I see Note 5 has better focus on some other parts of same picture. As a personal preference, I like 16:9 aspect better. Would like to see comparison 16MP 16:9 S6 vs 9.1MP 16:9 S7 before make final decision. (Posts: 17; Member since: 17 Feb 2015). posted on 12 Mar 2016, 16:00. If the camera pics are as go..im ok with that...at least they arent worse..it means its worth upgrading for all the other features....i have a note 4.... (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 12 May 2016, 02:41. You must've got a defective phone if you think the note 5 has a better camera than the S7. Because the S7 that my wife has now the picture quality especially the front takes an incredibly crsytal clear picture even in a cloudy sky environment. And the focus was much faster and better when you move a lot or hand is shaking it was able to get crystal clear image without that blurriness. (Posts: 437; Member since: 10 Dec 2014). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 05:47. Its a true loss for ppl who bought s6 and note 5 is the abscence if microSD card slot in my opinion samsung could have included it in note5 but they thought they can introduce it as a new feature in s7 just to increase its sales thats a shame.. (Posts: 64; Member since: 30 Dec 2015). posted on 12 Mar 2016, 06:32. Eh, its still a great phone. To me, it was worth the sacrifice of the microSD card slot. Great phone, and does what I need it to. Though this new update for Marshmallow takes up quite a bit of storage. Good thing I store most of my stuff online in my drive.. (Posts: 437; Member since: 10 Dec 2014). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 06:00. Photos of s7 have regained the extra sharpness that was found in note 4 photos, it made photos even better.. (Posts: 15; Member since: 01 Mar 2012). posted on 10 Mar 2016, 06:30. Yes, but at what cost? Just check S7 photo no. 7 (sunset in front of KIA saloon). Look at the sky around Kia sign - totally destroyed by harsh post-processing in S7, more pleasing with Note 5. Sometimes extra/unnatural sharpness isn't a plus (although I do understand some people prefer this). (Posts: 1188; Member since: 20 Mar 2012). posted on 11 Mar 2016, 09:19. "Although it lacks groundbreaking features, such as the iPhone 6s' 3D Touch interface...". (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 12 May 2016, 02:33. seriously no offense to iphone fans out there but there's really nothing ground breaking about the iphone 6s 3D touch interface. My sister has one and I didn't find anything awe about it other than the screen feels like you can poke a hole through it when you press against the touch screen. I'm not so sure about that 3D touch thing. i mean don't you need a 3D glass to be able to see that 3D touch interface feature.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 10 Mar 2016). posted on 11 Mar 2016, 17:03. I thought my Samsung Galaxy 4S was the greatest phone out there, until I got the Note5. I'm not really what one would call a 'Power User', but with this phone YOU don't have to be. It does so many things for you automatically, that it makes you look like a Power User. The stylus alone makes this phone superior to any other phone out there. Although in the past I've not really used the camera on my cell phone much, but this phone takes such fantastic photos, I now find myself using it A LOT! I've never seen ANY camera take such excellent photos in very low light! Every time I take a picture in low light and show it to others, they cannot believe how great these pictures come out. Everyone comments on them; especially after they look at the photos they took using their phone of the same thing, at the same time I did. And the speed that this phone works at is fantastic. Although a 64GB model can be bought, 32GB is plenty enough for me, so I don't really care about not having the ability to insert an SD card; and I've owned at least 10 different phones over the years (Nokia, LG, Motorola, & Samsung) and I've NEVER, ever replaced a battery, so I don't care about not having a removable one either. There is a way to do a 'hard reboot' if you ever need to. This phone is THE phone to have!. (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 12 May 2016, 02:24. I believe the Note 5 was a knockoff dumb down version of the note 4 without the expandable storage. in my opinion I really think the Note 4 was the best overall note series.. (Posts: 6; Member since: 21 Jan 2015). posted on 12 Mar 2016, 10:56. I can't believe the decision to Putilise these Two devices side by side. What about putting the S7 edge against the S6 edge + (something similar), to see what the differences were?. (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 12 May 2016, 02:19. The S7 is waterproof tightly sealed from the inside so no worried about it being dropped into the water :) and better front and back camera.. (Posts: 6; Member since: 21 Jan 2015). posted on 12 Mar 2016, 10:57. (Put these Two devices...) sorry about that!. (Posts: 17; Member since: 17 Feb 2015). posted on 12 Mar 2016, 15:57. I have no issues with the photo comparisions you have posted..they look great..my isdue is your site!!! Scrolling through the pics was a lengthy process and in the end i gave up....fhats with the ulta invasive ads... they wouldnt allow the pics to be seen. I had to forward and back numerous times for each pic.... posted on 15 Mar 2016, 19:53. S7 Edge is better, come on!. (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 12 May 2016, 02:16. One thing I didn't like about the S7 edge is that it creates too much glare in direct sunlight giving the facts that that whole front is made of glass and not only that I was worried about the front getting cracked if it falls down and hit an uneven ground surface. Which is why i chose the S7 instead for my wife.. (Posts: 64; Member since: 30 Dec 2015). posted on 16 Mar 2016, 04:56. SGN5 still looks more sexy compared to the S7 Edge. If only they kept the same color schemes. Performance wise, yeah, the S7 will beat the Note 5. I'm still happy with my Note 5, mainly because of the big screen and S pen. Although I do wish it still had the P68 certification, IR Blaster and Storage Expansion :P Can't wait to see what the Note 6 has in store for us. (Posts: 1; Member since: 21 Apr 2016). posted on 21 Apr 2016, 06:22. I'm really happy with my Note 5. My opinion is note 5 is the best because of S pen is a big deal and screen size is standard for operate no need to buy any tab. Although I do wish it still had the P68 certification, IR Blaster and Storage Expansion. (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 12 May 2016, 02:12. I didn't find the note 5 worth upgrading to from my note 4 since since samsung got rid of the micro sd card on that and on the S6 So i skipped those two model. Those two model phone was a big let down by samsung for all of us that love that expandable storage features.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge vs Samsung Galaxy Note 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge vs Samsung Galaxy Note 5. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
February 26th, 2018 Apple RF Safety Accessories. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Youtube Tumblr. Galaxy S7 Nearly Exceeds Highest Legal SAR Level at 1.59 W/kg. Home » Cell Phone Radiation » Galaxy S7 Nearly Exceeds Highest Legal SAR Level at 1.59 W/kg. The Galaxy S7 has a higher SAR than the iPhone 6s and 6s plus. Head SAR Level: 0.43 W/kg. Body SAR Level: 1.06 W/kg. Product Specific Use: 1.03 W/kg. It’s easy to see the bell’s and whistles of the new S7, but what about what you can’t see — RFR Radiation Levels!. Galaxy S7 Wins with Camera, Power, Display — But Nearly Exceeds. Legal SAR Level at 1.59 W/kg! The S7 has a. higher SAR Level than iPhone 6s at 1.58 W/kg, the iPhone 6s pushes two hundredths of a watt under the legal limit – nothing to brag about either!. The big news here is that the S7 reverses the trend of lower SAR cell phones being made by Samsung –. The Galaxy S7 has a higher simultaneous usage SAR level than either the iPhone 6s, rated at 1.58 W/kg ( FCC ID BCG-E2946A ), or iPhone 6s Plus, rated at 1.56 W/kg ( FCC ID BCG-E2944A ).. Many older Samsung Galaxy Smartphones still uphold some of the lowest Smartphone SAR levels in the industry. However, this year’s Galaxy S7 has a Simultaneous Transmission SAR level of 1.59 W/kg (measured in watts per kilogram) for Samsung’s Galaxy S7. The S7 is very close to the FCC’s legal limit of 1.60 W/kg, averaged over 1 gram of stimulated human tissue. If the s7 was a result of listening to the people as JK Shin, President/CEO of Samsung Electronics for Mobile Consumer Products claims… Well, Samsung’s CEO would have heard about the public and public officials demanding SAR (Radiation Level) warnings which are being mandated in city and countries around the world.. Several examples of the public outcry for lower radiation phones and health effects research are in this video — Yet Samsung has built their highest SAR level cell phone to date when making the Galaxy S7.. Completely reversing the lowest SAR trend they had been on for years. It wasn’t the people they were listening to — it was Facebook and the adoption of VR gear they listened to equaling profits before the public’s health!. See this video on testing the new VR gear https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJV_0Crgu6Q …only inches from the eyes of young children for hours at a time — besides the fact no government has done any testing on the phone absorption levels for children with the phone held directly in front of the eyes — NONE!. RF Safe is making sure the public is aware of the risk involved when using wireless devices and they are taking an extra step in doing so.. Inside each RF Safe case, a cell phone user will find Berkeley’s radiation exposure warning that passed the approval of court hearings in California.. The warning in each flip case also includes the original text declaring that cell phone radiation exposure carries a potentially greater risk for children, which was unanimously passed by all city council members on May 12, 2015.. The warning text that RF Safe includes inside each cell phone case is as follows:. “USA Court Approved Mandatory Warning on Smartphone Radiation Exposure. If you carry or use your phone in a pants or shirt pocket or tucked into a bra when the phone is ON and connected to a wireless network, you may exceed the federal guideline for exposure to RF radiation.”. “This potential risk is greater for children” was removed from the original warning because of opposition trade groups positioned by the wireless industry.. These 2nd generation RF Safe cell phone radiation shielded cases with the above warning label are available now in 4 colors:. According to the company’s CEO, additional RF Safe Galaxy S7 case colors are expected to be available on August 1, 2016. RF Safe’s S7 case is easy to test yourself with most RF meters when using. As an extra safety precaution, RF Safe also suggests using an air-tube headset over the wired headset that comes with the phone to further reduce RF exposure from headset wires, this can be purchased in a 4 pc RF safety package for only 69.99, including free shipping world-wide !. 4 piece rf safe radiation safety package. USA SAR Level Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg – FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from harmful radiation exposure, and SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) Report For Manufacturer Submitted Model Samsung Galaxy S7 –. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg – EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. WSJ Reports Murray Cellphone Cancer Case May Cost Wireless Industry Over 1.9 Billion Dollars. Toddler RF Safety – RF Radiation Shielded Baby Beanie with Wearable Blanket Protection. Apple iPhone X Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 7 Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S7 Radiation Safety Package. NTP Study: Different Frequencies Used By AT&T’s GSM and Sprint’s CDMA May Cause Different Cancers. Wireless Industry admits it’s likely cell phone radiation warnings will be seen all across the country. Cancer expert says science merits need to reclassify phone radiation as a “Group 1 carcinogenic to humans”. RF Safe F-Series vs G-Series Phone Radiation Cases. RF Safe swiftly moves graphene from research lab to consumer marketplace with health conscious smartphone case. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Apple iPhone X SAR Levels. Apple iPhone 8 vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 7. “It should become crystal clear that cell phones do cause cancer and that the American people are not being properly warned about cell phones.”. “… do whatever it takes to warn everybody about keeping cell phones away from their bodies.”. RF Safe™ and Peel-n-Shield™ are Trademarks of RF Safe Corporation. © RF Safe™ 1998-2017. 
You haven't added any 3D printed products yet.. <span class="noty_close sw--position-absolute sw--position-right sw--padding-top-3 sw--padding-right-3 icon-cancel sw--opacity-8 sw--z-index-10"></span>. <p class="sw--font-size-16 sw--margin-bottom-2 sw--margin-right-6">Sign up to hear about special promotions</p>. <input type="text" class="sw--input-height__medium" style="width:60%;" placeholder="Email address" name="email" />. <input type="hidden" class="" name="location" value="/product/JF24F7M25/xbox-one-s-controller-samsung-galaxy-s7-usa" />. <input type="hidden" class="" name="confirmation" value="emailConfirmationModal" />. <input type="submit" class="btn-primary sw--margin-left-1" value="Subscribe" />. Xbox One S UtorCase - Front rider - 45 degree view. Xbox One S controller & Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) -. White Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.07. Blue Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.57. Purple Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.57. Red Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.57. Pink Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.57. Yellow Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.57. Green Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.57. Orange Strong & Flexible Polished - $16.57. White Strong & Flexible - $15.57. Black Strong & Flexible - $16.57. 3D printed in black nylon plastic with a matte finish and slight grainy feel.. All orders are backed by our. All orders are backed by our. Secure 4 sided grip of your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) ( most competitors only provide a 2 sided grip ). Tailor made exactly for your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) ( most comptetitors try a one size fits all mount that often pushes various buttons on your phone, and require you to adjust with the holder with clamps or rubber bands ). Single unit without extra parts, such as rubber bands. Easily and quickly mount the phone on the controller. Conveniently use second screen apps that support landscape mode. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) with USB OTG or USB Host enabled ( Amazon ). Xbox One S controller ( Amazon ). USB OTG cable for Android gaming (Female USB to Male Micro USB) ( Amazon ). Games that support a controller (I started here a list that you can edit as well). UtorCase uses the USB port and the headset port to stabilise the mount, and you cannot plug anything in those ports while using UtorCase. ther smartphone cases need to be removed from your phone while using UtorCase that is built for the official dimensions of your smartphone. Any phone addon that alters the official dimensions of the phone. How strong is UtorCase? Stress Test. UtorCase turns your Xbox One S controller and your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) into a handheld game console. UtorCase uses the USB and headset ports, and only Bluetooth can be used to connect to your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA), so verify. LATEST: Do you have multiple phones or extra large batteries? Do you want to keep your phone in its case? Then check out the new Adjustable UtorCase for Xbox One S controller .. About this design - Front Rider. This design is somewhat front heavy. If you prefer a design that spreads the weight over the controller, then take a look at the 'Over the top' version: Xbox One S controller & Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) - Over the top. In addition to UtorCase, you will also need the following items ( excluded from your Shapeways purchase! ):. Please make sure you can connect your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) and your Xbox One S controller with a USB OTG Cable. On the Utor Case Questions and Answers page , I collected common issues that you may face while trying to connect your controller with your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA). UtorCase will show on one of its side a shortened name of your phone: SGSUSA. The dimensions of the device holder are based on the official dimensions: Metric: 142.4mm x 69.6mm x 7.9mm US: 5.61in x 2.74in x 0.31in. For questions on your shipment and order status, please contact Shapeways customer service. If you have any questions regarding the design of UtorCase, you can contact me at the UtorCase Support forum for Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) .. UtorCase for Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) and other controllers. UtorCase is available for over 1400 smarthpones, so Google 'UtorCase + your phone name' or contact me at info@utorcase.com.. Reviews and mentions around the web. Click here to read rave reviews from around the web .. If you are you a community leader, you may be eligible for a free review UtorCase ( click for details ).. Xbox One S controller & Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) -. 13.52 x 12.96 x 3.82 cm. 5.32 x 5.1 x 1.51 inches. Xbox One controller & Lenovo Vibe C - Front Rider. Xbox One controller & chat & Motorola Moto E (3rd. Xbox One controller & Motorola Moto E (3rd gen) -. Xbox One controller & chat & Motorola Moto G Dual. Sign In or Join to comment.. Get design inspiration and exclusive offers. Congo, The Democratic Republic of the. Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of. © 2008 - 2018 Shapeways, Inc. Get Internet Explorer latest version. Click anywhere outside this window to continue.. We're sorry to inform you that we no longer support this browser and can't confirm that everything will work as expected. For the best Shapeways experience, please use one of the following browsers:. 
Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in Oman. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in Oman. The Retail Price of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA is OMR 215. Today, Samsung brand has become a powerful source of producing handsets. The Company recently released Galaxy S7 USA that is the combination of awesome and latest technology. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA features a 5.1 inches Super Amoled display which has QHD resolution and 577 ppi pixels density, which means users are getting a wonderful display and they can watch movies on clear, bright and vibrant screen. To protect your smartphone, Gorilla Glass 4 is always on top of display. Its metal body gives device a premium look.. As regarding to optics, 12MP lens is embedded on rear that comes with several commendable features to record excellent pixels videos and a 5MP shooter is installed on its front for video calls. Under the hood, Quad core processor, Adreno 530 GPU and 4GB RAM is packed for safe, gentle and soothing performance. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset handles the work flow in a sturdy manner. Li-ion 3000mAh battery is juiced to keep device up for a long time.. The Smartphone supports fast and wireless charging, allow you to search with voice, and has ANT+ support and much more features. 32GB of ROM is built-in device for data saving purpose. It has Fingerprint (front-mounted), barometer, heart rate and SpO2 sensors which are very helpful for you in daily life use. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA price in Oman is OMR 215.. Check the Most updated Price of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in Oman and detail Specifications, features and compare Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Prices Features and Detail Specs with upto 3 Products. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Specs and Features. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 CDMA 800 / 1900 - G930V, G930R. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - G930A, G930V CDMA2000 1xEV-DO - G930V, G930R HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G930T. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 20(800), 29(700), 30(2300), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - G930A LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700), 20(800), 38(2600), 39(19. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm (H x W x T). Black Onyx, Gold Platinum and Silver Titanium. Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16 Millions colours. 2560 x 1440 pixels, 576 ppi. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 (Always-on display and also TouchWiz UI). 2160p, 30fps, 1080p, 60fps, 720p, 240fps, HDR and dual-video recorder.. 1/2.5 inch sensor size, 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, Auto HDR and panorama. microSD, dedicated up to 256 GB. Quad-core (Dual core 2.15 GHz Kryo & Dual core 1.6 GHz Kryo). 3.5mm Jack, LoudSpeaker, 24,bit/192kHz audio and Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fast charging 60% in 30 minutes with Quick Charge 2.0. ANT+ support , S,Voice natural language commands and dictation , OneDrive (115 GB cloud storage) , MP4/DivX/XviD/WMV/H.264 player , MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+/FLAC player , Photo/video editor , Document editor. Best Price of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA in Oman is OMR 215 as of February 26, 2018. The Latest Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in Oman updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms and price list provided by the dealers of Samsung in OMN we are trying to delivering possible best and Cheap Price/offers or deals of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA in Oman and Full Specs, but we are can’t grantee the information are 100% correct(human error is possible), All prices mentioned are in OMR and USD and valid all over the Oman including Muscat, Seeb, Salalah, Bawshar, Saham Slight deviations are expected.. For Suggestions, Feedback or fond any error in rates or specs Please Send an Email .. Disclaimer: Latest and New Mobiles, Smartphones and Cell Phones Price List / Prices are updated regularly from Oman's Local Mobile Phone market. We are trying to provided best possible Mobile Phone prices in Oman and detailed Specifications, but we cannot guarantee all information's are 100% correct. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by CMobilePrice 2017. 
Sorry, but the page you are looking for doesn't exist.. You can go to the HOMEPAGE. Daily informers, the excellence news source around the world and keeping its readers informed that what’s going on in the world.. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
Huawei Honor 9 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA). Compare Huawei Honor 9 and Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA). GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900; CDMA 800 & TD-SCDMA. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900; CDMA 800, 1900. HSDPA 850, 900, 1700(AWS), 1900, 2100; CDMA2000 1xEV-DO. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). LTE frequency band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 20(800), 25(1900), 29(700), 30(2300), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). LTE, Cat9, 450 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 back panel. Amber Gold, Charm Sea Blue, Seagull Grey. Black Onyx, Gold Platinum, Silver Titanium. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. 1.4 µm pixel size, 1/2.6" sensor size, Auto HDR, face/smile detection, geo-tagging, panorama, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus. Wi-Fi 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n, 802.11ac. Wi-Fi 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n, 802.11ac. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, compass, gyro, proximity. Fingerprint, SpO2, accelerometer, barometer, compass, gyro, heart rate, proximity. Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs YU Yunique Plus. Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs YU Yureka S. Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs Yezz Andy 5EI3 (2016). Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs ZTE Axon 7 mini. Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs ZTE Blade A452. Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (USA). Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs ZTE Blade A512. Compare Huawei Honor 9 vs YU Yureka Note. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs Jinga Touch 4G comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs Huawei Honor 6A comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs Leagoo M9 comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs Gionee Steel 2 comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs Leagoo T5 THFC comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs HTC U Play comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10 comparison. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) vs HTC U Ultra comparison. 
Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ALL VERSIONS G930A - AT&T & Cricket G930T - T-Mobile & Metro PCS G930P - Sprint, Boost & Virgin Mobile G930V - Verizon G930R - US Cellular. Please enter model name or part of it. Please enter model name or part of it. Please enter model name or part of it. GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. CDMA 800 / 1900 - G930V, G930R. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - G930A, G930V. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G930T. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 20(800), 29(700), 30(2300), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - G930A. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700), 20(800), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300) - G930V. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 13(700), 20(800) - G930T. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 25(1900) - G930R. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm (5.61 x 2.74 x 0.31 in). Front/back glass (Gorilla Glass 4), aluminum frame. - Samsung Pay (Visa, MasterCard certified). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.1 inches, 71.7 cm 2 (~72.3% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~576 ppi density). Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). 12 MP (f/1.7, 26mm, 1/2.5", 1.4 µm, Dual Pixel PDAF), phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash. Geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, Auto HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@240fps, HDR, dual-video rec. 5 MP (f/1.7, 22mm, 1/4.1", 1.34 µm), dual video call, Auto HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, heart rate, SpO2. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). - S-Voice natural language commands and dictation. - OneDrive (115 GB cloud storage). Black Onyx, Silver Titanium, Gold Platinum. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for otterbox symmetry galaxy s7. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for otterbox symmetry galaxy s7. Save otterbox symmetry galaxy s7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow otterbox symmetry galaxy s7 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. OtterBox Symmetry Case for Galaxy S7 EDGE Black Cover OEM New Original. 27 new & refurbished from $7.99. New! Otterbox Symmetry Series For Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE Slim Phone Case. 2 new & refurbished from $5.99. Samsung Galaxy S7 - Assorted Colors. Genuine OtterBox SYMMETRY Series Case for Galaxy S7, S7 edge, S6, S6 Edge +. OtterBox Authentic Symmetry Series Case for Galaxy S7 Edge. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Perfected Angles. 3 new & refurbished from $24.99. OtterBox Symmetry Series Sleek Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Black. 11 new & refurbished from $29.95. Otterbox Symmetry Case for Samsung Galaxy S7. 2 new & refurbished from AU $43.00. OtterBox Symmetry Series Samsung Galaxy S7 Case Drop Protection - Black. 2 new & refurbished from $9.99. OtterBox SYMMETRY CLEAR SERIES Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 & Zagg Screen Protect. 4 new & refurbished from $29.95. Drop Protection Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Boardwalk. 6 new & refurbished from $12.99. New! Otterbox Symmetry Series Slim Phone Case For Samsung Galaxy S7. OtterBox SYMMETRY Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 (ONLY) WHETSTONE BLUE/TEMPEST BLUE. 2 new & refurbished from $14.99. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge - Rose. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Black Crystal Clear. Genuine OtterBox Symmetry case cover for Samsung Galaxy S7 strong tough. 4 new & refurbished from AU $39.99. OtterBox Symmetry Series Sleek Protective Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Rose. Drop Protection Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Glacier. 5 new & refurbished from $14.89. OtterBox SYMMETRY Case For Samsung Galaxy S7 / Galaxy S7 edge (Pink/Purple) NEW. 5 new & refurbished from $17.99. OtterBox Symmetry Series Protective Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - GLACIER. 2 new & refurbished from $10.80. OtterBox Symmetry Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 100% Authentic. OtterBox Symmetry Series Hybrid Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Black Pink Flowers. New oem Otterbox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 In Retail. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S7. NEW OtterBox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 White/Grey. 4 new & refurbished from $25.95. OtterBox SYMMETRY Hard Shell Snap Cover Case For Samsung Galaxy S7 (Pink/Swirl). Authentic OtterBox Symmetry Series Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S7. OtterBox Symmetry Case for Galaxy S7 Black Cover OEM New Original. OtterBox SYMMETRY Hard Shell Thin Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy S7 White/Gray. OtterBox SYMMETRY Hard Shell Case Samsung Galaxy S7 BAHAMA BLUE/CANDY PINK Used. OtterBox Symmetry Series Sleek Protection Case For Samsung Galaxy S7 NEW OEM. OtterBox SYMMETRY Samsung Galaxy S7 Case w/Alpha Glass Protector (Gray/Clear). 2 new & refurbished from $19.99. OtterBox SYMMETRY Hard Shell Snap Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 (Black/Clear). OtterBox SYMMETRY Hard Shell Snap Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 Black USED. New OtterBox Symmetry Series Case For Samsung Galaxy S7. 2 new & refurbished from $10.99. Samsung Galaxy S7 Otterbox Symmetry Case (WHETSTONE BLUE/TEMPEST BLUE) 77-53320. Samsung Galaxy S7 Otterbox Symmetry Case Black Crystal (Clear) 77-53137. 4 new & refurbished from $29.95. OEM OtterBox Symmetry Series Glacier Case For Samsung Galaxy S7. OtterBox Symmetry Case for GALAXY S7 Black / Boardwalk Blue Cover OEM Original. OTTER BOX CASE FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 SRIES SYMMETRY SLEEK PROTECTION BLUE PINK. OtterBox Symmetry Case for GALAXY S7 Black / Boardwalk Blue Cover OEM Original. Samsung Galaxy S7 Otterbox Symmetry Case (FLAME RED/RACE RED) 77-53059. 2 new & refurbished from $29.95. Samsung Galaxy S7 Otterbox Symmetry Case (BUBBLEGUM PINK/MERLOT PURPLE) 77-53062. 5 new & refurbished from $17.99. OtterBox Symmetry Case Cover for Samsung Galaxy S7 -OEM- Rosso Corsa. Samsung Galaxy S7 Otterbox Symmetry Case (Black/Black) 77-53057. 11 new & refurbished from $29.95. Samsung Galaxy S7 Otterbox Symmetry Case (BAHAMA BLUE/CANDY PINK) 77-53061. 6 new & refurbished from $12.99. Genuine Otter Box Symmetry Series case For Samsung galaxy S7 77-53058. 2 new & refurbished from $10.80. Samsung Galaxy S7 Otterbox Symmetry Case GLACIER (WHITE/GUNMETA L GREY) 77-53058. 4 new & refurbished from $25.95. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S7. 5 new & refurbished from $17.99. Otterbox Symmetry Samsung Galaxy S7 Pink Yellow. Otterbox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 RED ROSSO CORSA NEW OEM. 1 new & refurbished from $57.99. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 (Rosso Corsa). 1 new & refurbished from $57.99. 5 new & refurbished from $14.89. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE - Whetstone Way. Authentic Otterbox Symmetry Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Black. 27 new & refurbished from $7.99. Genuine OtterBox Symmetry Series Clear Bumper Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S7. 4 new & refurbished from $29.95. OtterBox Symmetry Series Protective Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE - Black. 27 new & refurbished from $7.99. OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES for Samsung Galaxy S7 -Whetstone Blue/Tempest Blue. 2 new & refurbished from $14.99. OtterBox Symmetry Series Case for Samsung Galaxy S7. OtterBox Symmetry Series Hybrid Case for Samsung Galaxy S7 - Black/Pink Flowers. END OF WINTER STORE WIDE BLOWOUT SALE!!!. Look New For Galaxy S7, S7 edge, S6, S6 Edge +. Customs services and international tracking provided. END OF WINTER STORE WIDE BLOWOUT SALE!!!. Customs services and international tracking provided. NEW IN RETAIL FAST Free Shipping, SHIPS OUT IN 24 HOURS. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Store search Enter your search keyword in titles & description Store categories Display FAQs Top sellers See all items. New Arrivals! See all items Ending Soon! See all items. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy). Bread Crumb Link Home > eBay Stores > EZ Elektronix > Cellphone SCREENS > Samsung. Save this seller | Sign up for Store newsletter. Cellphone SCREENS (245) Samsung (117) Motorola (79) LG (40) Sony Ericsson (6) Nokia (3) iphone 4S (58) HTC (12) LCD Screens (11) Touch Screens (1) iPhone (10) LCD Touch Screen (10) Cellphone LENS (8) LG (8) ipod touch 4th generation (7) iPhone 3G (1) iPhone 4 (1) iPod TOUCH 2G (1) Other (634) Hide all subcategories. We're trying our best to ship same day after the payment is received or cleared.. EXPRESS OVERNIGHT service is available. We ship OVERSEAS to most countries.. Multiple orders will be sent out in the same packaged.. We supply parts to repair guys all over the world.. We do offer wholesale price for large qty order.. Pls contact us directly for our best quotes on iPod parts.. Display LCD Screen Touch Screen .... LCD Screen Display Touch Screen .... Original Part from Samsung Distributor USA | Not China. View: All Items | Buy It Now. 117 results found in Samsung. View as: List Sort by: Time: newly listed. Picture [ hide ] Item title Price Time Listed. Free shipping Listed: Dec-12 15:26 Free shipping Listed: Nov-27 16:37 Free shipping Listed: Nov-27 16:36 Free shipping Listed: Nov-13 14:03 Free shipping Listed: Nov-13 12:45 Free shipping Listed: Nov-11 16:13 Free shipping Listed: Sep-20 20:13 Free shipping Listed: Sep-08 14:53 Free shipping Listed: Aug-21 23:19 Free shipping Listed: Aug-21 23:18 Free shipping Listed: Aug-21 23:16 Free shipping Listed: Aug-21 23:16 Free shipping Listed: Aug-09 20:04 Free shipping Listed: Jul-17 14:22 Free shipping Listed: Jul-17 14:21 Free shipping Listed: Jul-11 16:42 Free shipping Listed: Apr-21 12:49 Free shipping Listed: Apr-18 13:59 Free shipping Listed: Mar-20 16:13 Free shipping Listed: Mar-20 16:11 Free shipping Listed: Mar-20 14:31 Free shipping Listed: Mar-20 14:30 Free shipping Listed: Mar-16 15:00 Free shipping Listed: Mar-03 16:37 Free shipping Listed: Mar-03 16:35 Free shipping Listed: Feb-22 12:58 Free shipping Listed: Feb-16 12:42 Free shipping Listed: Feb-16 12:40 Free shipping Listed: Feb-16 12:37 Free shipping Listed: Feb-16 12:34 Free shipping Listed: Feb-16 12:30 Free shipping Listed: Feb-16 12:29 Free shipping Listed: Feb-13 18:43 Free shipping Listed: Feb-13 17:20 Free shipping Listed: Feb-06 15:53 Free shipping Listed: Feb-06 15:50 Free shipping Listed: Feb-06 15:49 Free shipping Listed: Feb-06 15:48 Free shipping Listed: Dec-09 13:10 Free shipping Listed: Dec-09 12:55 Free shipping Listed: Dec-07 11:32 Free shipping Listed: Nov-29 16:13 Free shipping Listed: Nov-21 15:23 Free shipping Listed: Nov-17 12:27 Free shipping Listed: Nov-17 12:25 Free shipping Listed: Oct-27 21:11 Free shipping Listed: Oct-27 21:11 Free shipping Listed: Oct-27 13:00. Display LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer Frame + Battery For Samsung Galaxy S8. US OEM Gold LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame For Samsung Galaxy Note 8. USA NEW OEM ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX. US OEM Blue LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame For Samsung Galaxy Note 8. USA NEW OEM ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX. USB Charger Charging Port Dock Mic Flex Cable Replacement For Samsung Galaxy S8. OEM Black LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame For Samsung Galaxy Note 8. US OEM Gray LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + Frame For Samsung Galaxy Note 8. USA NEW OEM ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX. US LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement For Samsung Galaxy S7. Gold Touch Screen Digitizer LCD Display For Samsung A7 2017 A720 A720F A720F/DS. USA NEW OEM ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX. USA LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement Parts for Samsung Galaxy S6. OEM White LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement for Samsung Galaxy S6. Gold LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement Parts for Samsung Galaxy S7. USA NEW OEM ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX. LCD Display + Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement for Samsung Galaxy S7. Display LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement For Samsung Galaxy S6. Front Outer Touch Screen Glass Lens Replacement Parts For Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. OEM Front Outer Touch Screen Glass Lens Replacement Parts For Samsung Galaxy S8. US Gold Samsung Galaxy A5 SM-A520 2017 Display LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. USA NEW OEM ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX. Black Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925A G925T LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer Frame. US Green Samsung Galaxy S5 Active G870 G870A LCD Touch Screen Digitizer + Keypad. ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE PACK BOX | NOT CHINA. Gold Samsung J3 2016 J320V J320R4 LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. Gold Samsung J3 2016 J320A J320P J320M J320F LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Duos N9200 N920V N920P LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. Silver Samsung Galaxy Note 5 N920 N920A N920T LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. US Gray Samsung Galaxy S5 Active G870 G870A LCD Touch Screen Digitizer + Keypad. ORIGINAL PARTS IN SAMSUNG SERVICE PACK BOX | NOT CHINA. OEM White Samsung Galaxy J3 2016 J320V J320R4 LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. White Samsung J3 2016 J320A J320P J320M J320F LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. Gold Samsung Galaxy S7 G930A G930T G930V G930P LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer Parts For Samsung Galaxy J7 J700M J700H J700T. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. OEM Samsung Galaxy J7 J700 J700F J700P J700DS LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. White Samsung Galaxy J7 J700F J700P J700DS LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer For White Samsung Galaxy J7 J700M J700H J700T. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. Gold Samsung Galaxy J7 J700 J700F J700P J700DS LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer For Gold Samsung Galaxy J7 J700M J700H J700T. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. US White Samsung Galaxy A5 A500H A500M A500F1 LCD Display Screen Touch Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. USA White Samsung Galaxy A5 A500 A500X A500F LCD Display Screen Touch Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer For Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 J710 J710F J710K W. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. US Samsung Galaxy J7 Metal Duos SM-J710MN/DS LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer W. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer For Samsung Galaxy J7 Metal Duos SM-J710MN/DS. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. US LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer For Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 J710 J710F J710K. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. New Black Samsung Galaxy S6 G920A G920V G920P G920T LCD Screen Touch Digitizer. OEM Samsung Galaxy S6 G920 G920F G920I G920X LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. OEM Black Samsung Galaxy J3 2016 J320V J320R4 LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. OEM Samsung Galaxy Note 5 N920V N920P LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. Black Samsung J3 2016 J320A J320P J320M J320F LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. US Verizon Gold Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925V LCD Display + Touch Screen + Frame. Gold Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925A G925T LCD Screen Touch Screen Digitizer Frame. OEM Black Samsung Galaxy J5 J5007 J500H J500M LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. USA White Samsung Galaxy J5 J5007 J500H J500M LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer. ORIGINAL IN SAMSUNG SERVICE BOX | FULL ADHESIVE ON BACK. Gold Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925A G925T LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Frame. Start of Layer End of Layer. Why don't we show the price?. Sellers have the right to set their own prices independently, but some manufacturers place restrictions on how these prices will be displayed or communicated to others.. Page 1 of 3 Previous 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 Next Go to page. An eBay Store maintained by: Seller, manage Store Tools: My eBay. Member id wholesalegadgetfix ( Feedback Score Of 170635 ). Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice. PulldownMenu Open Start of layer PulldownMenu End of layer. Time: ending soonest Time: newly listed Price: lowest first Price: highest first Price + Shipping: lowest first Price + Shipping: highest first Best Match. Start of layer End of layer. See all 0 pictures. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Phone/Tablet on Facebook. See more of Phone/Tablet on Facebook. Health/beauty · Phone/tablet · Business supplies service. Cellphone for Sale - BIG Discount "Get Your Phone Now". English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 1 March 2017 ·. ACER LIQUID X2 NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE ... LAUNCH Announced 2015, April Status Available. Released 2016, February BODY Dimensions 153.3 x 78.8 x 8.5 mm (6.04 x 3.10 x 0.33 in) Weight 166 g (5.86 oz) SIM Triple SIM (Micro-SIM) DISPLAY Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches (~69.0% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~267 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) Chipset Mediatek MT6753 CPU Octa-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720MP4 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 32 GB, 3 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 13 MP, f/1.8, autofocus, LED flash, check quality Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection Video 1080p, check quality Secondary 13 MP, f/1.8, autofocus, LED flash SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - 24-bit/192kHz audio - DTS HD sound - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio FM radio USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email Browser HTML5 Java No - MP3/WAV/AAC player - MP4/H.264 player - Document viewer - Photo/video editor BATTERY Removable Li-Po 4020 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 820 h (3G) Talk time Up to 23 h (3G) MISC Colors Black, Gold Price group 5/10 TESTS Performance Basemark OS II: 894 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 825 Basemark X: 4300 Display Contrast ratio: 950 (nominal), 2.084 (sunlight) Camera Photo / Video Loudspeaker Voice 61dB / Noise 62dB / Ring 67dB Audio quality Noise -86.1dB / Crosstalk -88.1dB Battery life Endurance rating 85h. · 19 February 2017 ·. · 13 February 2017 ·. Very thankful that our Page has been back after flagged. And now we're ready to accept orders ! Message us or Call our facebook page contact number. · 13 February 2017 ·. First and foremost, on behalf of this Facebook page, We would like to personally apologize for your inconvenience. In the past few months this page has been stopped working due to flagged account! We can't accept the orders and messages!. We value our customers and ask you to please feel free to continue to provide feedback about our services. If you have any further questions or would like to discuss this matter further, please feel free to contact the facebook page contact#. We look forward to continuing serving you as a valued customer.. Thank you for your invaluable support,. · 17 May 2016 · ·. Versions: J710F, J710FN (EMEA); J710M (LATAM); J710H (South Africa, Pakistan, Vietnam) Also known as Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Duos with dual-SIM card slots Asia/China model with 1080p display and 3 GB RAM ... NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE LAUNCH Announced 2016, March Status Available. Released 2016, April BODY Dimensions 151.7 x 76 x 7.8 mm (5.97 x 2.99 x 0.31 in) Weight 170 g (6.00 oz) SIM Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) DISPLAY Type Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches (~72.3% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~267 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8952 Snapdragon 617 Exynos 7870 Octa CPU Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 Octa-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 405 Mali-T830MP2 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 16 GB, 2 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 13 MP, f/1.9, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash, check quality Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR Video 1080p@30fps, check quality Secondary 5 MP, f/1.9, LED flash SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS/ BDS (region dependent) NFC Yes Radio FM radio, RDS, recording USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer, proximity Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - ANT+ support - MP4/WMV/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+/FLAC player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer BATTERY Removable Li-Ion 3300 mAh battery Talk time Up to 23 h (3G) Music play Up to 96 h MISC Colors White, Black, Gold, Rose Gold SAR US 1.10 W/kg (head) 1.01 W/kg (body) SAR EU 0.35 W/kg (head) 1.39 W/kg (body) Price group 6/10 TESTS Performance Basemark OS II: 999 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1007 Basemark X: 11199 Display Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.902 (sunlight) Camera Photo / Video Loudspeaker Voice 64dB / Noise 71dB / Ring 68dB Audio quality Noise -92.4dB / Crosstalk -92.3dB Battery life Endurance rating 101h. · 1 June 2016 · ·. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016). Versions: T580 (Wi-Fi only); T585 (LTE/Wi-Fi) NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE ... LAUNCH Announced 2016, May Status Available. Released 2016, May BODY Dimensions 254.2 x 155.3 x 8.2 mm (10.01 x 6.11 x 0.32 in) Weight 525 g (1.16 lb) SIM Micro-SIM DISPLAY Type PLS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 10.1 inches (~74.9% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1200 x 1920 pixels (~224 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Exynos 7870 CPU Octa-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T830 MP2 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 16 GB, 2 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 8 MP, f/1.9, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, panorama Video 1080p@30fps Secondary 2 MP, f/2.2, 1080p video SOUND Alert types MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, Beidou USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer Messaging Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 7300 mAh battery MISC Colors Pearl White, Metallic Black Price group 6/10. · 6 April 2016 · ·. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Versions: T280 (Wi-Fi only); T285 (4G/Wi-Fi) NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE ... LAUNCH Announced 2016, March Status Available. Released 2016, March BODY Dimensions 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm (7.36 x 4.28 x 0.34 in) Weight 283 g (9.98 oz) SIM Micro-SIM DISPLAY Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 7.0 inches (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 800 x 1280 pixels (~216 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 Spreadtrum SC9830 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Adreno 306 Mali-400MP2 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 8 GB, 1.5 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 5 MP, f/2.2, autofocus Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, panorama Video 720p@30fps Secondary 2 MP, f/2.2 SOUND Alert types MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Radio No USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer Messaging Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 4000 mAh battery Talk time Up to 11 h (multimedia) Music play Up to 100 h MISC Colors Pearl White, Metallic Black Price group 3/10. · 2 April 2016 · ·. Versions: G930A (AT&T, Cricket); G930P (Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile); G930V (Verizon); G930T (T-Mobile, Metro PCS); G930R (US Cellular) NETWORK Technology GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE ... LAUNCH Announced 2016, February Status Available. Released 2016, March BODY Dimensions 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm (5.61 x 2.74 x 0.31 in) Weight 152 g (5.36 oz) Build Corning Gorilla Glass 4 back panel SIM Nano-SIM - Samsung Pay (Visa, MasterCard certified) - IP68 certified - dust proof and water resistant over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes DISPLAY Type Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.1 inches (~72.3% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels (~576 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 4 - Always-on display - TouchWiz UI PLATFORM OS Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820 CPU Dual-core 2.15 GHz Kryo & dual-core 1.6 GHz Kryo GPU Adreno 530 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 32 GB, 4 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 12 MP, f/1.7, 26mm, phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash Features 1/2.5" sensor size, 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, Auto HDR, panorama Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@240fps, HDR, dual-video rec. Secondary 5 MP, f/1.7, 22mm, dual video call, Auto HDR SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - 24-bit/192kHz audio - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE, aptX GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS NFC Yes Radio No USB microUSB v2.0, USB Host FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, heart rate, SpO2 Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - Fast battery charging: 60% in 30 min (Quick Charge 2.0) - PMA wireless charging - ANT+ support - S-Voice natural language commands and dictation - OneDrive (115 GB cloud storage) - MP4/DivX/XviD/WMV/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+/FLAC player - Photo/video editor - Document editor BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery MISC Colors Black Onyx, Silver Titanium, Gold Platinum SAR US 1.24 W/kg (head) 1.59 W/kg (body) Price group 9/10. · 7 February 2016 · ·. Versions: T375 (Wi-Fi only); T377 (4G/Wi-Fi); T377P (Sprint); T377R (US Cellular); T377W (Canada) NETWORK Technology CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE ... LAUNCH Announced 2016, January Status Available. Released 2016, January BODY Dimensions 212.1 x 126.1 x 8.9 mm (8.35 x 4.96 x 0.35 in) Weight 360 g (12.70 oz) SIM Nano-SIM DISPLAY Type TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 8.0 inches (~69.4% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 800 x 1280 pixels (~189 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to v6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 306 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 16 GB, 1.5 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 5 MP, f/2.2, autofocus Features Geo-tagging Video 720p@30fps Secondary 2 MP, f/2.2 SOUND Alert types MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer Messaging Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 5000 mAh battery Talk time Up to 13 h (3G) Music play Up to 117 h MISC Colors Pearl White, Metallic Black SAR US 1.59 W/kg (body) Price group 6/10. · 5 May 2016 · ·. NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE LAUNCH Announced 2016, April ... Released 2016, April BODY Dimensions 142.2 x 71.1 x 7.9 mm (5.60 x 2.80 x 0.31 in) Weight 138.9 g (4.90 oz) SIM Micro-SIM DISPLAY Type Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.0 inches (~68.2% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 4 PLATFORM OS Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Exynos 3475 Quad CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Mali-T720 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 16 GB 1.5 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 5 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR Video 720p@30fps Secondary 2 MP SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio FM radio, RDS USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer, proximity Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer BATTERY Removable Li-Ion 2600 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 528 h Talk time Up to 22 h MISC Colors Black Price group 3/10. Phone/Tablet added 5 new photos .. · 1 August 2016 ·. Supported LTE Networks Versions: Apple iPad Pro Wi-Fi + Cellular (3G/LTE); Apple iPad Pro Wi-Fi (Wi-Fi, w/o GPS) NETWORK Technology ... GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE LAUNCH Announced 2015, September Status Available. Released 2015, November BODY Dimensions 305.7 x 220.6 x 6.9 mm (12.04 x 8.69 x 0.27 in) Weight 713 g (Wi-Fi) / 723 g (LTE) (1.57 lb) SIM Nano-SIM/ Electronic SIM card (e-SIM) - Stylus DISPLAY Type LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 12.9 inches (~77.0% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 2048 x 2732 pixels (~264 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Scratch-resistant glass, oleophobic coating PLATFORM OS iOS 9, upgradable to iOS 9.3.3, planned upgrade to iOS 10 Chipset Apple A9X CPU Dual-core 2.26 GHz (Twister) GPU PowerVR Series 7 (12-core graphics) MEMORY Card slot No Internal 32/128 GB, 4 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 8 MP, f/2.4, 31mm, autofocus, check quality Features 1.12µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR (photo/panorama) Video 1080p@30fps, 720p@120fps, HDR, stereo sound rec., check quality Secondary 1.2 MP, 720p@30fps, face detection, HDR, FaceTime over Wi-Fi or Cellular SOUND Alert types N/A Loudspeaker Yes, with stereo speakers (4 speakers) 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, EDR GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS (Wi‑Fi + Cellular model only) NFC NFC Radio No USB v3.0, reversible connector; magnetic connector FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, compass, barometer Messaging iMessage, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 (Safari) Java No - Siri natural language commands and dictation - iCloud cloud service - MP3/WAV/AAX+/AIFF/Apple Lossless player - MP4/H.264 player - Audio/video/photo editor - Document editor BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 10,307 mAh battery (38.8 Wh) Talk time Up to 10 h (multimedia) MISC Colors Space Gray, Silver, Gold Price group 9/10 TESTS Camera Photo / Video. · 1 August 2016 ·. NETWORK Technology GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE LAUNCH Announced 2015, September ... Released 2015, September BODY Dimensions 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm (6.23 x 3.07 x 0.29 in) Weight 192 g (6.77 oz) SIM Nano-SIM - Apple Pay (Visa, MasterCard, AMEX certified) DISPLAY Type LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches (~67.7% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Ion-strengthened glass, oleophobic coating - 3D Touch display - Display Zoom PLATFORM OS iOS 9, upgradable to iOS 9.3.3, planned upgrade to iOS 10 Chipset Apple A9 CPU Dual-core 1.84 GHz Twister GPU PowerVR GT7600 (six-core graphics) MEMORY Card slot No Internal 16/64/128 GB, 2 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 12 MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus, OIS, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, check quality Features 1/3" sensor size, 1.22 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR (photo/panorama) Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 1080p@120fps, 720p@240fps, check quality Secondary 5 MP, f/2.2, 31mm, 1080p@30fps, 720p@240fps, face detection, HDR, panorama SOUND Alert types Vibration, proprietary ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - 16-bit/44.1kHz audio - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS NFC Yes (Apple Pay only) Radio No USB v2.0, reversible connector FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer Messaging iMessage, SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email Browser HTML5 (Safari) Java No - Siri natural language commands and dictation - iCloud cloud service - MP3/WAV/AAX+/AIFF/Apple Lossless player - MP4/H.264 player - Audio/video/photo editor - Document editor BATTERY Non-removable Li-Po 2750 mAh battery (10.45 Wh) Stand-by Up to 384 h (3G) Talk time Up to 24 h (3G) Music play Up to 80 h MISC Colors Space Gray, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold SAR US 1.12 W/kg (head) 1.14 W/kg (body) SAR EU 0.93 W/kg (head) 0.98 W/kg (body) Price group 9/10 TESTS Performance Basemark OS II 2.0: 2261 Display Contrast ratio: 1382:1 (nominal), 3.530 (sunlight) Camera Photo / Video Loudspeaker Voice 65dB / Noise 65dB / Ring 64dB Audio quality Noise -93.4dB / Crosstalk -71.1dB Battery life Endurance rating 85h. Phone/Tablet added 3 new photos .. · 1 August 2016 ·. Supported LTE Networks NETWORK Technology GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE ... LAUNCH Announced 2016, March Status Available. Released 2016, March BODY Dimensions 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6 mm (4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 in) Weight 113 g (3.99 oz) SIM Nano-SIM - Apple Pay (Visa, MasterCard, AMEX certified) DISPLAY Type LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 4.0 inches (~60.8% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 640 x 1136 pixels (~326 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS iOS 9.3.2, upgradable to iOS 9.3.3, planned upgrade to iOS 10 Chipset Apple A9 CPU Dual-core 1.84 GHz Twister GPU PowerVR GT7600 (six-core graphics) MEMORY Card slot No Internal 16/64 GB, 2 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 12 MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, check quality Features 1/3" sensor size, 1.22 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR (photo/panorama) Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60fps, 1080p@120fps, 720p@240fps, check quality Secondary 1.2 MP, f/2.4, 31mm, 720p@30fps, face detection, HDR, FaceTime over Wi-Fi or Cellular SOUND Alert types Vibration, proprietary ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - 16-bit/44.1kHz audio - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS NFC Yes (Apple Pay only) Radio No USB v2.0, reversible connector FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging iMessage, SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email Browser HTML5 (Safari) Java No - Siri natural language commands and dictation - iCloud cloud service - MP3/WAV/AAX+/AIFF/Apple Lossless player - MP4/H.264 player - Audio/video/photo editor - Document editor BATTERY Non-removable Li-Po 1624 mAh battery (6.21 Wh) Stand-by Up to 240 h (2G) / Up to 240 h (3G) Talk time Up to 14 h (3G) Music play Up to 50 h MISC Colors Space Gray, Silver, Gold, Rose Gold SAR US 1.17 W/kg (head) 1.19 W/kg (body) SAR EU 0.97 W/kg (head) 0.99 W/kg (body) Price group 8/10 TESTS Performance Basemark OS II 2.0: 2163 Display Contrast ratio: 804:1 (nominal), 3.681 (sunlight) Camera Photo / Video Loudspeaker Voice 66dB / Noise 65dB / Ring 69dB Audio quality Noise -93.0dB / Crosstalk -72.9dB Battery life Endurance rating 73h. Phone/Tablet added 2 new photos .. · 1 August 2016 ·. Supported LTE Networks Versions: Apple iPad Pro Wi-Fi + Cellular (3G/LTE); Apple iPad Pro Wi-Fi (Wi-Fi, w/o GPS) NETWORK Technology ... GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE LAUNCH Announced 2016, March Status Available. Released 2016, March BODY Dimensions 240 x 169.5 x 6.1 mm (9.45 x 6.67 x 0.24 in) Weight 437 g (Wi-Fi) / 444 g (LTE) (15.66 oz) SIM Nano-SIM/ Electronic SIM card (e-SIM) - Stylus DISPLAY Type LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 9.7 inches (~71.6% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1536 x 2048 pixels (~264 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Scratch-resistant glass, oleophobic coating - True-tone display PLATFORM OS iOS 9.3.2, upgradable to iOS 9.3.3, planned upgrade to iOS 10 Chipset Apple A9X CPU Dual-core 2.16 GHz (Twister) GPU PowerVR Series 7 (12-core graphics) MEMORY Card slot No Internal 32/128/256 GB, 2 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 12 MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash Features 1/3" sensor size, 1.22 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR (photo/panorama) Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60fps, 1080p@120fps, 720p@240fps Secondary 5 MP, f/2.2, 31mm, 1080p@30fps, 720p@240fps, face detection, HDR, panorama SOUND Alert types N/A Loudspeaker Yes, with stereo speakers (4 speakers) 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, EDR GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS (Wi‑Fi + Cellular model only) NFC NFC Radio No USB v2.0, reversible connector; magnetic connector FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, compass, barometer Messaging iMessage, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 (Safari) Java No - Siri natural language commands and dictation - iCloud cloud service - MP3/WAV/AAX+/AIFF/Apple Lossless player - MP4/H.264 player - Audio/video/photo editor - Document editor BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion battery (27.9 Wh) Talk time Up to 10 h (multimedia) MISC Colors Silver, Gold, Space Gray, Rose Gold Price group 9/10. · 1 August 2016 ·. This is not a GSM device, it will not work on any GSM network worldwide. NETWORK Technology No cellular connectivity ... LAUNCH Announced 2015, April Status Available. Released 2015, June BODY Dimensions 260 x 176 x 9.7 mm (10.24 x 6.93 x 0.38 in) Weight 540 g (1.19 lb) SIM No DISPLAY Type LED-backlit IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 10.1 inches (~64.6% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1920 x 1200 pixels (~224 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 4, oleophobic coating PLATFORM OS Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) Chipset Intel Atom Z3735F CPU Quad-core 1.33 GHz MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 16/32/64 GB, 2 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 5 MP Features Geo-tagging Video 1080p Secondary 2 MP SOUND Alert types MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes, with stereo speakers 3.5mm jack Yes - Dolby Digital Plus COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0 GPS A-GPS only NFC Yes Radio No USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer Messaging Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - MP4/H.264 player - Document viewer - Photo/video editor BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 5910 mAh battery (22 Wh) Talk time Up to 7 h 30 min (multimedia) MISC Colors Various Price group 5/10. · 1 August 2016 ·. NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE LAUNCH Announced 2015, September ... Released 2015, October BODY Dimensions 136 x 66.5 x 9.6 mm (5.35 x 2.62 x 0.38 in) Weight 142 g (5.01 oz) SIM Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) DISPLAY Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 4.5 inches (~61.7% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 480 x 854 pixels (~218 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes PLATFORM OS Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 CPU Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Adreno 304 MEMORY Card slot microSD (dedicated slot) Internal 8 GB, 1 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 5 MP, autofocus, LED flash Features Yes Video Yes Secondary 5 MP SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - DTS sound COMMS WLAN Yes Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio To be confirmed USB microUSB v2.0 FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer, proximity Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML Java No - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/WMA player - MP4/H.264/WMV player - Document viewer - Video/photo editor BATTERY Removable Li-Ion 2000 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 430 h Talk time Up to 11 h MISC Colors Mystic Black, Pure White Price group 3/10. Phone/Tablet added 2 new photos .. · 1 August 2016 ·. NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE LAUNCH Announced 2015, September ... Released 2016, April BODY Dimensions 156.5 x 75.9 x 8.4 mm (6.16 x 2.99 x 0.33 in) Weight 150 g (5.29 oz) SIM Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) DISPLAY Type AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches (~70.2% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass (unspecified version) PLATFORM OS Microsoft Windows 10 Chipset Qualcomm MSM8992 Snapdragon 808 CPU Dual-core 1.82 GHz Cortex-A57 & quad-core 1.44 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 418 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Internal 32 GB, 3 GB RAM CAMERA Primary 21 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, dual-LED flash, check quality Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, check quality Secondary 8 MP, f/2.2, 1080p@30fps SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio FM radio USB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector FEATURES Sensors Yes Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - Microsoft Continuum support - MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player - MP4/H.265 player - OneDrive (15 GB cloud storage) - Document viewer - Video/photo editor BATTERY Non-removable Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery MISC Colors Black Price group 9/10 TESTS Camera Photo / Video Battery life Endurance rating 56h. 
Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900; CDMA 800, 1900. HSDPA 850, 900, 1700(AWS), 1900, 2100; CDMA2000 1xEV-DO. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 20(800), 25(1900), 29(700), 30(2300), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). LTE, Cat9, 450 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 back panel. Black Onyx, Gold Platinum, Silver Titanium. 1.4 µm pixel size, 1/2.6" sensor size, Auto HDR, face/smile detection, geo-tagging, panorama, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus. Wi-Fi 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n, 802.11ac. Fingerprint, SpO2, accelerometer, barometer, compass, gyro, heart rate, proximity. models similar to Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA). 
Samsung Galaxy S7 USA specs & features, price in Pakistan. Samsung Mobiles Samsung Galaxy S7 USA specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Release Date: 2016, February Views: 1812. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA features includes Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat) smartphone Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo), 32 GB, 4 GB RAM, 2G, 3G, 4G, 2016, February, Features 2560 x 1440, 5.1 inches, Touchscreen, 12 MP camera, 5 MP, f/1.7, 22mm, dual video call, Auto HDR front camera, bluetooth, usb, gprs, edge, wlan, nfc, Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, hear. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in Pakistan. Sell Used Samsung Galaxy S7 USA. Buy Used Samsung Galaxy S7 USA. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Single Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat), 32 GB, 4 GB RAM. Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). 12 MP + 5 MP, f/1.7, 22mm, dual video call, Auto HDR. Samsung sets price < 5000 Rs. Samsung sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Samsung sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Samsung sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Samsung sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Samsung sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Samsung sets price > 45000 Rs.. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Price in Pakistan. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Samsung Galaxy S7 USA best price in Pakistan is Rs. 50000 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Samsung Galaxy S7 USA pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Samsung Galaxy S7 USA .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Samsung Galaxy S7 USA details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Samsung Galaxy S7 USA specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Samsung Galaxy S7 USA prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about Samsung Galaxy S7 USA. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 CDMA 800 / 1900 - G930V, G930R. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - G930A, G930V CDMA2000 1xEV-DO - G930V, G930R HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G930T. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 20(800), 29(700), 30(2300), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - G930A LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 13(700), 20(800), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300) - G930V LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 13(700), 20(800) - G930T LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850. 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm (5.61 x 2.74 x 0.31 in). Samsung Pay (Visa, MasterCard certified), IP68 certified dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 back panel. microSD, up to 256 GB Mobile with Memory Card. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, hear. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. Black Onyx, Silver Titanium, Gold Platinum. MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Gaming Mobiles. Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0), PMA wireless charging, ANT+ support, S-Voice natural language commands and dictation, OneDrive (115 GB cloud storage), MP4/DivX/XviD/WMV/H.264 player, MP3/WAV/WMA/eAAC+/FLAC player, Photo/video editor, Document editor, GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS. 4.2, A2DP, LE, aptX Bluetooth Mobiles. microUSB 2.0, USB Host USB Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. Scratch Resistance, Touch Screen 16M colors, Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen. 1440 x 2560 pixels (~576 ppi pixel density). 12 MP, 12 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@240fps, HDR, dual-video rec.. Auto Focus, Video , Video Call. 5 MP, f/1.7, 22mm, dual video call, Auto HDR. 1/2.5" sensor size, 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, Auto HDR, panorama. 24-bit/192kHz audio, Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Disclaimer: Samsung Galaxy S7 USA price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Samsung Galaxy S7 USA in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting Samsung Galaxy S7 USA review. Galaxy Mega 5.8 I9150 |. Galaxy S Duos S7562 |. Galaxy Ace Duos S6802 |. Galaxy S Duos 2 S7582 |. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 2017. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017). Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
Protect My Phones Products Screen Protector TEMPERED GORILLA GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR For SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 USA. Iphone 5 Screen Protector, Ultimate Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Iphone5s / Iphone 5c / Iphone 5 See More. Iphone 6 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple Iphone 6/6s 9h 0.3mm See More. Screen Protector, Joly Joy® Tempered Glass Screen Protector Premium HD Film Guard for iPhone 5/5s/5c, 9H 0.33mm 2.5D See More. ShieldTech ® iPhone 6S / 6 i-EX Strengthened Glass Screen Protector, Super Strong Premium Quality Glass by Corning ®, Crystal Clear, Hardness 9H, Thickness 0.33 mm, Complete Kit, Easy to Apply See More. Screen Protector,Galaxy S5 Screen Protector, Tradekmk(TM) Glass Screen Protector With High Defintion Ultra-thin 0.33mm Fit For Samsung Galaxy S5 See More. Samsung Galaxy S6 Glass Screen Protector by Voxkin® – Protect, Shield and Guard Your S 6 Screen From Scratch, Drop & Impact with HD Invisible Tempered Protective Cover – Looks Great on Any Color Cases See More. Karnotech REMAX Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inches only) [3D Touch Compatible] 9H hardness Anti-Scratch HD clear Film Round Edge Ultra-thin 0.2mm See More. Screen Protector for iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6 Plus, Anti-Glare, Nupro, Apple iPhone screen protection, (5.5″ screen) See More. TEMPERED GORILLA GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR For SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 USA. Our shipping cost includes the cost of the packaging box, the materials used to protect the product and/or all other materials used during the processing of the product, residential shipping fee, and handling fee.. Before you bid, we want to let you know that we accept Paypal Only. Please pay for it as soon as possible after you win the bid. We would send it out in the current work day, or the next work day. We guarantee refund cash in 30 days. But the buyer should afford the shipping charges. US stock 1-5 days ship USPS with tracking same day post. Highest Quality Optical-Grade Tempered Glass: Best material to protect your devices from scratches and high-impact drops. Even objects such as knives and keys will not scratch tempered glass. Ultra Clear: 99% transparency for HD clarity. Real Touch Sensitivity: Natural feel that provides flawless touch screen accuracy.. Bubble Free: Self-adhering surface to prevent bubble generation for easy installation. Oleophobic coating: Prevent fingerprints and other oil contaminants.. UV Protection: Reduces eye strain caused by your screen.. Shatter Proof Glass: if broken, the tempered glass breaks into small pieces that are not sharp, making it safer than other glass products.. Pre-cut to fit your screen exactly. Note: This protector is smaller than the screen, can not cover the whole phone screen, please understand, Thanks. One (1X) Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector. 100% brand new 100% speed shipment 100% customer satisfaction. Be the first to review “TEMPERED GORILLA GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR For SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 USA” Click here to cancel reply.. Protect My Phones Products Screen Protector TEMPERED GORILLA GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR For SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 USA. Product Categories Carrier (1737). Cell Phone Charms (73). iPhone 6 plus (21). iPhone 6s Plus (33). Unlock Android Phone (78). Smart Phone Holder (45). Smart Phone Holsters (154). Smart Phone Rings (36). Apple iPhone 7 - 128GB - Black (Unlocked) A1660 (CDMA + GSM) Good Working. Apple iPhone 7 32/128GB - 4 Colors - (Unlocked) See Listing - Smartphone. Why You Need A Phone Case Now. ProtectMyPhones.com is an affiliate with Ebay and Amazon Services LLC Associates Program.. 
You haven't added any 3D printed products yet.. <span class="noty_close sw--position-absolute sw--position-right sw--padding-top-3 sw--padding-right-3 icon-cancel sw--opacity-8 sw--z-index-10"></span>. <p class="sw--font-size-16 sw--margin-bottom-2 sw--margin-right-6">Sign up to hear about special promotions</p>. <input type="text" class="sw--input-height__medium" style="width:60%;" placeholder="Email address" name="email" />. <input type="hidden" class="" name="location" value="/product/HHBT5MXJJ/xbox-one-s-controller-samsung-galaxy-s7-usa" />. <input type="hidden" class="" name="confirmation" value="emailConfirmationModal" />. <input type="submit" class="btn-primary sw--margin-left-1" value="Subscribe" />. Xbox One S UtorCase - Over the top - Side. Xbox One S controller & Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) -. White Strong & Flexible Polished - $18.98. Blue Strong & Flexible Polished - $19.48. Purple Strong & Flexible Polished - $19.48. Red Strong & Flexible Polished - $19.48. Pink Strong & Flexible Polished - $19.48. Yellow Strong & Flexible Polished - $19.48. Green Strong & Flexible Polished - $19.48. Orange Strong & Flexible Polished - $19.48. White Strong & Flexible - $18.48. Black Strong & Flexible - $19.48. 3D printed in black nylon plastic with a matte finish and slight grainy feel.. All orders are backed by our. All orders are backed by our. Secure 4 sided grip of your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) ( most competitors only provide a 2 sided grip ). Tailor made exactly for your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) ( most comptetitors try a one size fits all mount that often pushes various buttons on your phone, and require you to adjust with the holder with clamps or rubber bands ). Single unit without extra parts, such as rubber bands. Easily and quickly mount the phone on the controller. Conveniently use second screen apps that support landscape mode. Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) with USB OTG or USB Host enabled ( Amazon ). Xbox One S controller ( Amazon ). USB OTG cable for Android gaming (Female USB to Male Micro USB) ( Amazon ). Games that support a controller (I started here a list that you can edit as well). UtorCase uses the USB port and the headset port to stabilise the mount, and you cannot plug anything in those ports while using UtorCase. ther smartphone cases need to be removed from your phone while using UtorCase that is built for the official dimensions of your smartphone. Any phone addon that alters the official dimensions of the phone. How strong is UtorCase? Stress Test. UtorCase turns your Xbox One S controller and your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) into a handheld game console. UtorCase uses the USB and headset ports, and only Bluetooth can be used to connect to your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA), so verify. LATEST: Do you have multiple phones or extra large batteries? Do you want to keep your phone in its case? Then check out the new Adjustable UtorCase for Xbox One S controller .. About this design - Over the top. This design spreads the weight over the top of the controller, and you can focus on the screen. wrists and hides the controller buttons. If you like to see the buttons while playing, then see this design: Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) and Xbox One S controller - Front Rider. In addition to UtorCase, you will also need the following items ( excluded from your Shapeways purchase! ):. Please make sure you can connect your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) and your Xbox One S controller with a USB OTG Cable. On the Utor Case Questions and Answers page , I collected common issues that you may face while trying to connect your controller with your Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA). UtorCase will show on one of its side a shortened name of your phone: SGSUSA. The dimensions of the device holder are based on the official dimensions: Metric: 142.4mm x 69.6mm x 7.9mm US: 5.61in x 2.74in x 0.31in. For questions on your shipment and order status, please contact Shapeways customer service. If you have any questions regarding the design of UtorCase, you can contact me at the UtorCase Support forum for Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) .. UtorCase for Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) and other controllers. UtorCase is available for over 1400 smarthpones, so Google 'UtorCase + your phone name' or contact me at info@utorcase.com.. Reviews and mentions around the web. Click here to read rave reviews from around the web .. If you are you a community leader, you may be eligible for a free review UtorCase ( click for details ).. Xbox One S controller & Samsung Galaxy S7 (USA) -. 10.73 x 10.74 x 9.31 cm. 4.23 x 4.23 x 3.67 inches. Xbox One controller & Lenovo Vibe C - Front Rider. Xbox One controller & chat & Motorola Moto E (3rd. Xbox One controller & Motorola Moto E (3rd gen) -. Xbox One controller & chat & Motorola Moto G Dual. Sign In or Join to comment.. Get design inspiration and exclusive offers. Congo, The Democratic Republic of the. Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of. © 2008 - 2018 Shapeways, Inc. Get Internet Explorer latest version. Click anywhere outside this window to continue.. We're sorry to inform you that we no longer support this browser and can't confirm that everything will work as expected. For the best Shapeways experience, please use one of the following browsers:. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Samsung Galaxy S7 Active hands on. by John Velasco June 6, 2016. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Samsung Galaxy S7 vs S7 Edge. Samsung Galaxy S7 vs S7 Edge. The world turned upside down last year with the introduction of the Samsung Galaxy S6 , as the Korean company didn’t hold back from gracing the device with a brand spanking new design that people finally agreed was premium. As much as we were all delighted by this new direction, there was just one major thing that was shed in the process that the Galaxy S5 offered that its successor did not:. And that’s arguably what made the eventual Galaxy S6 Active unique from its sibling.. This year, however, they brought back water resistance to the Galaxy S7 – while also retaining the same premium design language that they’ve established. All of this will make anyone wonder what’s in tow for the forthcoming Galaxy S7 Active, that would differentiate it enough from Sammy’s prized flagship. Don’t worry, there’s more than meets the eye with this rugged one, so let’s quickly go over what this new phone in the Galaxy S7 family. Buy the Galaxy S7 Active now!. The most distinguishable difference here is that the S7 Active features a design that’s substantially more rugged in nature. That shouldn’t surprise anyone, as it largely doesn’t deviate from the designs of previous Active devices. It’s not premium by the imagination – as the glass meets metal bezel design of the standard Galaxy S7 is replaced by one that’s mostly dominated by the same textured rear pattern we’ve seen before – accompanied by soft touch matte bumpers around the sides of the phone to absorb shock.. Speaking of shock, this phone doesn’t have the same fragileness of the Galaxy S7. Rather, the durable materials and tight construction employed here provides the Galaxy S7 Active with MIL-STG-810G specification. Not only is it able to withstand most drops, but the phone is built to withstand numerous environmental conditions – such as. temperatures, dust, low pressure/high altitude, and yes, full submersion under water. There’s really no need for a case for something like this, since you know, the phone itself acts like a protective case.. While it’s not the prettiest in Sammy’s stable, it’s all about the utility with its design – so with that, most people can understand the reasoning for its particular design. Yes, it’s technically bulkier and heavier, making it a bit tougher to manipulate with one hand, but all of this is necessary in giving it that indestructible nature. How indestructible you ask? Well, we managed to drop it a few times from a height of 4 feet onto the pavement without any major impact to its operation or performance. Still, every phone does have its own breaking point but the S7 Active will survive a lot more than your average smartphone.. The same display in the S7 is present here with the S7 Active, so that’s a 5.1-inch 1440 x 2560 Super AMOLED panel. As usual with AMOLED screens – especially the ones from Samsung – it’s detailed, sharp, produces some very iridescent colors, and offers exceptional wide angles. Everything about it seems to be on the same level as the Galaxy S7, including the new Always On display feature that keeps the time and some other relevant information on display at all times.. What’s different, though, is that the S7 Active benefits from being substantially more resilient to drops – meaning, it won’t crack if it’s dropped. The “ shatter resistant screen ” definitely holds up over most other screens, but we’re happy to notice that its visibility and clarity isn’t subdued or greatly impacted. Given that Samsung’s AMOLED screens have shown their superiority in terms of color accuracy and brightness. potency, the resistance aspect of the display is merely icing on the cake.. Before getting down and gritty with the usual hardware specifications, let’s quickly take note about some of the notable hardware additions/changes. The first being the addition of a fingerprint sensor, which is a first for the Active line. It’s something that has become expected amongst high-end phones of late, so the addition of it here gives the phone that contemporary status – enabling it for Samsung Pay – as well as another layer of security. It’s flanked between two other, rather larger sized physical buttons: the back and quick menu keys.. The thicker chassis of the phone isn’t just attributed to the extra cushion it’s packing to give it that almost indestructible nature, but rather, the. mammoth 4000 mAh battery that’s stuffed inside. That’s one of the largest (if not largest) capacities Samsung has. been able to cram into its smartphones, so that should aid the Active in having more longevity than the regular Galaxy S7. Additionally, you’ll find wireless and rapid charging in tow with the phone.. Now, this wouldn’t be an Active branded smartphone if it didn’t have the “ Active ” key, which is positioned above the volume controls along the left edge. Just as before, it brings up the “ Activity Zone ” to deliver on point information at a moment’s notice – they consist of the weather, temperature, barometer, compass, flashlight, stopwatch, and S Health. The button also doubles as a shutter key as well when the camera app is running, which is pretty handy when you’re trying to snap a photo under water.. Helping to power the phone is a quad-core 2.15 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC coupled with 4GB of RAM and the Adreno 530 GPU. Much like anything brand new, out of the box, the S7 Active performs as you’d expect – snappy and fast. And given that it’s almost unchanged from the Galaxy S7, the S7 Active should perform handsomely when it comes to graphics processing. Storage amounts to 32GB with our particular unit, but it can be supplemented with the available microSD card slot.. In following tradition, the Galaxy S7 Active borrows the camera from the S7 – so that’s the same 1/2.6” 12-megapixel sensor with an f/1.7 aperture lens, phase detection auto-focus, OIS, and an LED flash. There’s also the quick launch function, too, that allows us to jump right into the camera app by just double pressing on the home button/fingerprint sensor.. Most people are going to be inclined to believe that the camera’s performance will be close, if not the same, as the standard Galaxy S7. As an all-around device, you can absolutely believe that the S7 Active will take some stunning photos and videos. The only other thing worth mentioning here is how there are a few manual controls available now with video recording under “ Pro ” mode, which is something we haven’t seen before in a Galaxy. Adjusting parameters like shutter speed, white balance, and focus all on the fly are all now possible and it’s likely we’ll see this come to other Galaxy S7 phones in a future update, although it might take a while .. Frankly speaking, there’s not a whole lot different with the TouchWiz experience here with the S7 Active, which is running on top of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. The usual visuals are all there, so there’s nothing out of the ordinary. Some will like it, others will hate it, but there’s one thing we can agree about this most streamlined edition of TouchWiz to date – it’s incredibly powerful and comprehensive.. Power users will love it, especially with its true multi-tasking experience with multi window, one-handed mode for easier handling, and all the other assorted smart gestures with the experience. Even though TouchWiz remains to be an acquired taste, it’s one of the last remaining few custom Android experiences that offers more depth over the stock experience.. Knowing that water resistance and storage expansion has been brought back to the Galaxy S7, some wonder if the Galaxy S7 Active will have some meaningful value over its sibling. That’ll undoubtedly depend on what you want in a phone. Being more ruggedized and all, the S7 Active will remain in working condition for much longer than the standard S7, since it’s been constructed to withstand some serious punishment – whereas the S7 has the premium design, but with more fragileness. Another thing to note is the larger size battery stuffed inside of the phone, which should propel it to last far longer as well.. Sure, the look of the phone won’t appeal to anyone, but if you place utility high on your list over most things, the Galaxy S7 Active will fit the bill –. albeit, its price is $100 more than the standard S7 over on AT&T. That means you’ll need to fork over close to $800 to buy it outright, versus $700 for the S7.. The S7 Active is launching on June 10 from AT&T and will be available on AT&T’s new Next plans: for those wanting it on the standard Next plan, it’ll cost you $26.50 per month for 30 months but on the shorter AT&T Next Every Year, it’ll cost $33.13 per month over 24 months.. What do you think of the S7 Active and are you going to buy one? Let us know your views in the comments below!. Buy the Galaxy S7 Active now!. Samsung AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 USA Samsung TouchWiz. AT&T , AT&T Next , Samsung , Samsung Galaxy S7 , Samsung Galaxy S7 Active , Samsung TouchWiz , USA. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Samsung Category: Mobiles. Processor Quad-core Snapdragon 820. Camera 12 MP + 5 MP. Operating System Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 0.0 0.0 1. Design 5 / 10. Display 6 / 10. Camera 5 / 10. Features 5 / 10. Connectivity 6 / 10. Usability 6 / 10. Performance 5 / 10. Battery 6 / 10. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA - SPECIFICATIONS. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 142.4 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm. IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. Corning Gorilla Glass 4 back panel. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, heart rate, SpO2. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). User Interface UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. 12 MP, f/1.7, 26mm, PDAF, OIS. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). 5 MP, f/1.7, 22mm, dual video call, Auto HDR. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. Samsung Galaxy S7 USA - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Samsung Z2 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 J727S 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016) WiFi T580 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung J7+ 0 Reviews View specs →. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
