Android 5.1 - 3G model Android…. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100 - J106F/DS. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - J106B/DS. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - J106H/DS. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 40(2300) - J106F/DS. HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 121.6 x 63.1 x 10.8 mm (4.79 x 2.48 x 0.43 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm 2 (~59.4% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~233 ppi density). Android 5.1 (Lollipop) - 3G model Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) - LTE model. Quad-core 1.5 GHz - J106F/DS Quad-core 1.2 GHz - J106B/DS, J106H/DS. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Versions: J106F/DS (UAE); J106B/DS (Colombia); J106H/DS (Africa). Also known as Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (2016), Samsung Galaxy V2. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime - user opinions and reviews. The phone is super, the camera is very good, no remarks, a phone with these indicators for this money is more than good. Battery suddenly drops to 0% even if you had 80%. It literally turns off WITHOUT warning. Its not even a month old too and the battery is brand new. Plus the only fat app I use is whatsapp. The phone's camera doesn't have autofocus! Whenever I take a photo of a paper, it looks really blurry.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt Huawei Y3II. Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy Note8. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini prime 8GB J106B/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (White) - International Version. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by L4G Store and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 4.0-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen, 480 x 800 pixel resolution (~233ppi pixel density). Android v6.0 Marshmallow, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC9830, Processor: Quad-Core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, GPU: Mali-400MP2. 5 Megapixel Camera with f/2.2, LED Flash + VGA Standard Front Camera w/ f/2.4 aperture; Video Capture: 720p @ 30fps. Internal Memory: 8GB, 1GB RAM - microSD Up to 256GB. WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot; Bluetooth: v4.0, A2DP; GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS; Radio: FM Radio; USB: microUSB v2.0. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini prime 8GB J106B/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (White… $79.92. Only 16 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by L4G Store and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case Remex Military Tires Leather And Kickstand with Shockproof and… $6.95. Sold by SunRemex and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini LTE 8GB J106H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (Gold). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini 8GB J106H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging- Black. Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800F 16GB Unlocked Cellphone - International Version (Black). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini LTE 8GB J105H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (White) (International Version). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106M Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Quad-Core Dual-SIM Phone - Black. Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime 2016 Unlocked SM-G532M Duos 4G LTE US & Latin Bands (Silver) - International Version. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case Remex Military Tires Leather And Kickstand with Shockproof and Anti-Scratch and Non-Slip Case For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (Black). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini LTE 8GB J106H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (Gold). [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini / Galaxy J1 Mini Prime [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case, J&D [Drop Protection] [Slim Cushion] [Lightweight Bumper] Shock Resistant Protective TPU Slim Case for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Blue. Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime 2016 Unlocked SM-G532M Duos 4G LTE US & Latin Bands (Silver) - International Version. Galaxy J1 Mini Screen Protector, J&D Glass Screen Protector [Tempered Glass] HD Clear Ballistic Glass Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini - Protect Screen from Drop and Scratch (3 Packs). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 2 x 2.75 x 5 in. 2.55 x 5.16 x 0.36 in. 0.43 x 2.48 x 4.98 in. 0.25 x 2.75 x 5.63 in. 0.31 x 2.8 x 5.6 in. 0.37 x 2.55 x 5.07 in. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini prime 8GB J106B/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (White) - International Version. Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini G800F 16GB Unlocked Cellphone - International Version (Black). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106M LTE - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Black). Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime 2016 Unlocked SM-G532M Duos 4G LTE US & Latin Bands (Silver) - International Version. Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Duos SM-J320H/DS 8GB Dual SIM Unlocked GSM Smartphone - International Version, No Warranty (Gold). Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 HSDPA+ 900 / 2100 HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Diaplay 4.0 inches 480 x 800 pixels Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB Internal 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. 2.8 x 2 x 5 inches. 2.88 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #81,063 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,576 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 49% 4 star 20% 3 star 5% 2 star 8% 1 star 18%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars A bit disappointed.. Size: Single-SIM | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. This phone was delivered to me by Amazon yesterday.Initially, it looked good. But there are two serious problems with the phone. Firstly, the sound quality is not good. Because of the poor quality of speakers, I find it hard to hear what the person on the other side is saying. It becomes extremely difficult at times to understand the conversation even with familiar persons. Secondly, the battery drains out too quickly. It was charged 100% this morning. In the last 10 hours, I had a total talk time of just 15 minutes and now it shows the battery remaining is 32%. Maybe this is what we get for the price tag of this phone?. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Junk battery. Size: Dual-SIM | Color: White | Verified Purchase. The phone itself is ok and works on 3G. The battery is defective and the seller lifeline786 would not replace it. They state "If the new product has a certain way to perform then it is likely to be performance benchmark for other units of the same model as well. However, performance depends on individual usage and other parameters. We advise you to research specific model for any known issues or behaviours. We being a third party seller cannot replace a product directly as our orders are processed by Amazon." This is not a usage issue. The battery drains at approximately 1 percent for every minute of usage whether it be internet or calls. Worst phone I have ever had. I thought I'd get used to it and didn't. Calls were severely muffled and I could not understand a word the caller was saying. Wouldn't be surprised if it was refurbished garbage put back up for sale. Buyer beware of anything sold on Amazon anymore. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars This phone is all that I expected or wanted EXCEPT .... Size: Dual-SIM | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. This phone is all that I expected or wanted EXCEPT that (as with other reviews which I thought was in the minority) the volume is low. I often don't hear my phone ringing even thought the ring volume is on maximum.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars I am not pleased with this product. Size: Dual-SIM | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. I only purchased this phone in September. When I received it, the touch screen was giving a lot of trouble unlocking the phone. We are only in November and the phone giving a lot of trouble. The battery is getting very hot when not charging. When the phone is put to charge it not charging. I am not pleased with this product. Don't know if it was even brand new.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Size: Single-SIM | Color: Gold | Verified Purchase. Works well in the Caribbean with Digicel. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Size: Dual-SIM | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Size: Dual-SIM | Color: Gold | Verified Purchase. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Size: Dual-SIM | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Good product and delivery on time.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Nice phone, comes unlocked no issues. 5.0 out of 5 stars nice. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Am a unable to use this phone cuz it asking about previous goggle account. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Realized just too late to return it that the phone does this odd thing where it randomly doesn't let me hear the caller or vice versa and I have to hang up and re-call over and... 2.0 out of 5 stars Can you hear me now?. I wanted a compact unlocked international phone to replace my Straight Talk 'captive' Galaxy Luna and this phone is ideal: two sim card capability in addition to two IME numbers... 4.0 out of 5 stars Compact international unlocked dual sim dual IME # Android phone that travels well; screen could be improved. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Samsung express 3 Unlocked 4G LTE 8GB Android 6.0 5MP Flash Camera J120a. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini LTE 8GB J106H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (Gold). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini 8GB J106H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging- Black. See and discover other items: dual sim card phone , dual sim card phones , dual sim phones , dual sim , dual sims , bluetooth samsung. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Skip to content Skip to accessibility help. It looks like you're in Canada Do you want to visit Samsung.com Canada ?. Please choose one of the following :. By using the samsung.com websites, you agree to the use of cookies by us and third parties to enhance your experience. For more information, click here and to change your cookie setting, click here.. Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.. Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. Are you sure to remove this product?. I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy. Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.. By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :. Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.. Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Price in Malaysia - RRP RM299. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Price in Malaysia - RRP RM299. Non-slip pattern on the back of the device ensure firm grip. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Price in Malaysia - RRP RM299. Price in Malaysia is inclusive of 6 percent GST. Get alerts on when this is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email to opt into alerts.. Please double check your email address. By providing your email you agree to marketing communications & stock alerts from Samsung. The item is in the cart.. Samsung J1 Mini Prime's new unique design features a patterned battery cover and slim bezel that enhances viewing experience to stand out from comparable devices.. Brighten your memories with everything you capture. Galaxy J1 Mini Prime's rear camera LED flash ensures that every image you take is given the lighting treatment while two taps on the home button grant instant camera access.. Small in size but not in appeal. Features smooth, rounded edges that make Samsung J1 Mini Prime optimally designed for single-handed use while its compact dimensions make it slim enough to fit it anywhere you wish.. Capable to do more than just keep up. With improved Quad-core performance and enhanced RAM and ROM size that supports seamless multitasking, it exceeds what you think a smartphone can do.. Keep battery drain to a bare minimum. Ultra Power Saving switches the screen from color to black and white, and closes all unneeded features and apps to significantly reduce consumption.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Specs. A2DP, AVRCP, DI, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP. MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, WMV, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. Spare Parts Cost See The Answer. I am sending my device for service. How to check the Repair Status?. I am sending my device for service. How to check the Repair Status? See The Answer. 5.5" Full HD Super AMOLED Display. * Key feature may different from Key Spec. * The bandwidths supported by the device may vary depending on the region or service provider. * Usable memory size is less than the total memory size due to storage of the operating system and software required to operate the phones' features. Actual usable memory size will also vary depending on the mobile phone operator and may change after software upgrades are performed. * All specifications and descriptions provided herein may be different from the actual specifications and descriptions for the product. Samsung reserves the right to make changes to this web page and the product described herein, at anytime, without obligation on Samsung to provide notification of such change. All functionality, features, specifications, GUI and other product information provided in this web page including, but not limited to, the benefits, design, pricing, components, performance, availability, and capabilities of the product are subject to change without notice or obligation. The contents within the screen are simulated images and are for demonstration purposes only.. This website is best viewed using Microsoft Internet Explorer 9 or higher, and/or latest version of Google Chrome and Mozila Firefox browsers.. 
We use JavaScript to create the most functional website possible for our customers. JavaScript enables you to fully navigate and make a purchase on our site. If disabled the content or the functionality of the website can be limited or unavailable. Please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience. Style Edit: New trends and inspiration. hsn card - apply now. hsn card - pay my bill. hsn card - offers. Eat & Drink on the Go. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Unlocked 3G GSM Phone. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Unlocked 3G GSM Phone. BONUS BUY! Purchase this item and save 10% on instaCHARGE 16,000 mAh Portable Device Charger Bundle. Buy More anything & Save On Shipping! See Details. Samsung Galaxy S8 64GB Unlocked GSM Android Phone. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 5.5" Unlocked GSM Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 64GB Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy Note8 64GB Unlocked GSM Android Phone. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Unlocked 3G GSM Phone. With its gentle curves and comfortable grip, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini captures all you love in the palm of your hand. Elegant natural design meets vivid viewing, thanks to its 4.0" high-resolution display. Watch movies, play games, communicate with ease — whatever you choose to do, the J1 Mini's quad-core processor makes it all fun and easy. Marshmallow operating system, enjoy access to more than a million fun and useful apps from Google Play store. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini: your go-to digital companion. Unlocked phones are cell phones that are independent and not locked into any carrier's network. They can be activated on any carrier that operates on a corresponding network, either GSM or CDMA.. GSM carriers include AT&T and T-Mobile.. CDMA carriers include Verizon, Sprint, Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile.. A GSM phone cannot be activated on a CDMA network and vice versa. To begin using an unlocked phone, a carrier must be chosen and, for GSM carriers, a SIM card purchased for that carrier.. This phone does not come with service activated.. This phone does not include promotional minutes.. Terms and conditions for service vary by carrier.. Wi-Fi connectivity requires access to a wireless router. Wi-Fi speeds depend on various factors including the device's distance from the router as well as their compatible wireless protocols (e.g. For product support or inquiries, please contact Samsung at 1-800-726-7864 or www.samsung.com .. 4.0" TFT capacitive touchscreen (480 x 800 resolution). 8GB; 1GB RAM; Can be expanded to 128GB via microSD card. AC adapter charges Lithium-ion battery (1500mAh). Up to 8 hrs talk time. Get crisp mobile visuals for videos, photos, games and more. Enjoy a smooth and seamless experience, ideal for multitasking and launching your favorites apps quickly. Use the rear camera to capture high-resolution. photos and full HD videos on the go. is ideal for face-to-face video chats, or grabbing selfies or groupies. Enjoy Internet access when connected to your compatible wireless home router or public Wi-Fi hotspot. Wirelessly connect with your smartphone, laptop, headset and other compatible Bluetooth devices. streaming videos, playing music and downloading apps. Enjoy innovative features and an ultra-intuitive user interface. Access the Google Play store and choose from more than a million fun and useful apps. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Unlocked 3G GSM Phone. Trust one of the world's top 10 electronics manufacturers to bring you fully integrated digital home entertainment solutions. Samsung is a cutting edge innovator featuring multiple digital electronics products that interface with one another perfectly. Watch and listen with a variety of TVs, MP3 players, digital cameras and more. Enjoy a digitally-enhanced entertainment experience you have to see and hear to believe!. Remind me about Samsung upcoming shows.. Apple iPhone® 6s 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone. Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Advanced Smartphone. The iPhone 6s is dramatically thin,. powerful and incredibly pleasurable to hold. Its smooth surface seamlessly meets the new Retina HD display with mesmerizing HD resolution.. Apple iPhone® 6s 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone. Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Advanced Smartphone. The iPhone 6s is dramatically thin,. powerful and incredibly pleasurable to hold. Its smooth surface seamlessly meets the new Retina HD display with mesmerizing HD resolution.. Apple iPhone® 6s 32GB Unlocked Smartphone w/12MP Camera & Accessories. The iPhone 6s is dramatically thin,. powerful and incredibly pleasurable to hold. Its smooth surface seamlessly meets the new Retina HD display with mesmerizing HD resolution.. With the 12MP iSight camera, you can record up to 4K HD resolution video and superb quality photos. Apple iPhone® 6s 32GB Unlocked Smartphone w/12MP Camera & Accessories. The iPhone 6s is dramatically thin,. powerful and incredibly pleasurable to hold. Its smooth surface seamlessly meets the new Retina HD display with mesmerizing HD resolution.. With the 12MP iSight camera, you can record up to 4K HD resolution video and superb quality photos. Apple iPhone® 6s Plus 128GB Unlocked GSM 4G Phone + Kit. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone with Starter Kit. goes big with features in a. powerful and incredibly pleasurable to hold design. Its smooth surface seamlessly meets the new Retina HD display with mesmerizing full HD resolution. Apple iPhone® 6s Plus 128GB Unlocked GSM 4G Phone + Kit. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone with Starter Kit. goes big with features in a. powerful and incredibly pleasurable to hold design. Its smooth surface seamlessly meets the new Retina HD display with mesmerizing full HD resolution. native union retro handset pop phone. 4 inch under cell phones accessories. The heart of everything we do.. Apply for the HSN Card and Save $10. Join our email list and save 15%. submit your email address to receive 15% off coupon. Copyright © 2017 /HSN, Inc. HSN and HSN.com are registered trademarks of HSN Holding LLC,. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for samsung galaxy j1 mini prime. All Listings - Current page. results for samsung galaxy j1 mini prime. Save samsung galaxy j1 mini prime to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow samsung galaxy j1 mini prime to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. samsung galaxy j1 mini prime :. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime SM-J106 PU Leather Wallet Case Flip Cover. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case Tough Armor Shockproof Protective Cover. Ultra Thin Soft TPU Gel Transparent Clear Protect Back Case Cover for Samsung. Luxury Ultra-Thin Slim Silicone Soft TPU Case For Samsung Galaxy S8 A3 A5 N8 S9. For Samsung Galaxy J5 J7 S7 Rugged Armor Shockproof Rubber Slim TPU Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Shockproof Hybrid Brushed TPU Back Cover Case. Leather slot wallet stand flip Cover Skin Case For Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime. Case for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Shockproof for Galaxy J5 J7 Prime Cover. Matting TPU Case For Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Gel Cover Multi Color. Ultra Thin Clear TPU Gel Soft Case Cover Skin for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. Soft Transparent Clear TPU Silicone Cover Skin Case For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7. 2x Tempered Glass Protective Screen Protector Film for Samsung Galaxy J1 2 3 5 7. Stylish For Samsung Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Gel Protective Case Cover Skin. Shockproof Rugged Hybrid Rubber Phone Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S8 S7 J5 J7. Shockproof Carbon Fiber Brushed TPU Case Cover Skin Protector For Samsung Galaxy. Ultra-thin Cooling Hollow Protective Hard Back Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy All. For Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Note 8 Shockproof Silicone Soft Bumper TPU Case Cover. Womens Cute Soft TPU Rubber Gel Silicoen Pattern Back Case Cover For Samsung. Luxury Bling Diamonds Jewelled PU Leather Flip Wallet black Phone Case Cover #D. Pretty Printed Soft TPU Pattern Rubber Silicone Skin Gel Case Cover For Samsung. Heavy Duty Shock proof Hybrid Armor Stand Hard Case Cover for Samsung J7 Prime. Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Slots Cover Case 7. For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 A8 J1 J3 J5 J7 Hybrid Shockproof Silicone Case Cover. Christmas Bling Diamond Crystal Flowers Crown Ring Stand Case Cover For Phones. 2Pcs 9H Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Samsung Galaxy J1 2 3 5 7 Prime. Flip Magnetic PU Leather Glossy Marble Pattern Card Wallet Case Cover for Phone. Luxury Leather Magnetic Flip Stand Bling Diamond Wallet Cover Case For Samsung 3. For Samsung Galaxy S3 4 5 6 7 J1 Mini Prime Butterfly Leather Flip Case Cover. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106B Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Quad-Core Phone - Black. 4 new & refurbished from $74.95. Full Cover Clear Soft TPU Gel Silicone Shockproof Case For Samsung Galaxy Series. Painting Colorful Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Back Skin Gel Case Cover For Samsung. Durable Rubber TPU Soft Silicone Slim Gel Skin Protector Case Cover For Samsung. Handmade Bling Crystal Diamonds PU leather flip stand wallet Phone case cover #D. Bling Crystal Diamonds Pearls PU leather flip slots stand wallet case cover #6. PIN-1 Anime Black Butler Phone Wallet Flip Case Cover B for Samsung. Luxury Canvas Leather Magnetic Wallet Card Flip Stand Case Cover For Cell Phones. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Samsung Galaxy Model. Luxury Rhinestone Peacock Phone Back Case Cover Colorful Skin for Samsung Galaxy. For Samsung Galaxy 3D Bling crystal Leather Fold Wallet Case Phone Cover Shell. Fashion Glitte Bling Protective TPU Soft Silicone Rubber + PC Back Cover Case. For Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Ultra thin Soft TPU Soft Back Skin Cover Case. 2X Horizontal Semi-Leather Belt Clip Pouch Case Cover Holster For 4" Inch Phone. Cute Fashion Bling Glitter Soft Silicone Case Cover for iPhone 5SE 6 6S 7 8 Plus. Samsung Galaxy Note 8/S8 Girl's Bling Glitter Bracelet Soft Silicone Case Cover. Shockproof Bling Glitter Shiny Cute pattern Soft Silicone Case Cover For Phones. Bling Diamond Crystal Tassel Pearl pendant or Heart Soft TPU Phone Case Cover. Silver Bling Glitter Soft Silicone Phone Cover Case for Apple iPhone 5 6s 7 Plus. For Samsung Galaxy S6 S7 S8+ Edge J A C Shockproof Brushed Skin Soft Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 2017 Hybrid Heavy Duty Shockproof Armor Cover Case. For Samsung Galaxy J3 J5 J7 Pro,J7 Max/Plus S7 S9 Plus. Customs services and international tracking provided. Samsung J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 2016 2017 mini prime Ace Pro Max. Universal- Fit any phone 4.75" x 2.25" x 1" or smaller. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime smartphone was launched in November 2016. The phone comes with a 4.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 800 pixels at a PPI of 233 pixels per inch. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Spreadtrum SC9830 processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 0.3-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 1500mAh removable battery. It measures 126.60 x 63.10 x 10.80 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 123.00 grams. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Shows Up on Amazon and eBay in the US. More Samsung mobiles Samsung mobiles price in India. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime detailed specifications. Release date November 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 126.60 x 63.10 x 10.80 Weight (g) 123.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 1500 Removable battery Yes Colours Black, Gold, White. Screen size (inches) 4.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x800 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 233. Processor 1.2GHz quad-core Processor make Spreadtrum SC9830 RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 5-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 0.3-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Shows Up on Amazon and eBay in the US. Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro (2018) Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy A8+ (2018) Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Samsung W2018 Samsung Galaxy J2 (2017) Samsung Galaxy C8 Samsung Galaxy J7+ Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung SM-G9298 Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy On Max Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Feel Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) (AT&T) Samsung Z4 Samsung Galaxy J3 Prime Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy S8. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Comparison. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace vs. Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 Lyf Water 3 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy J2 Intex Aqua Classic 2 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4 Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime Xiaomi Mi A1 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) and Galaxy A5 (2017). Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Redmi Note 5 Pro Receives Face Unlock Feature With MIUI 9.2.4 OTA Update Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Home › Samsung › Galaxy J1 mini Prime Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 2. Dimensions : 63.1 x 121.6 x 10.8 mm Weight : 126 g SoC : Spreadtrum SC9830A CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, Cores : 2 RAM : 1 GB Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 18 bit Battery : 1500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Samsung Model Galaxy J1 mini Prime Model alias SM-J106F/DS J106F/DS Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 63.1 mm (millimeters) 6.31 cm (centimeters) 0.21 ft (feet) 2.48 in (inches) Height 121.6 mm (millimeters) 12.16 cm (centimeters) 0.4 ft (feet) 4.79 in (inches) Thickness 10.8 mm (millimeters) 1.08 cm (centimeters) 0.04 ft (feet) 0.43 in (inches) Weight 126 g (grams) 0.28 lbs (pounds) 4.44 oz (ounces) Volume 82.87 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.03 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Gold Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 850 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Spreadtrum SC9830A Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1500 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 4 in (inches) 101.6 mm (millimeters) 10.16 cm (centimeters) Width 2.06 in (inches) 52.27 mm (millimeters) 5.23 cm (centimeters) Height 3.43 in (inches) 87.12 mm (millimeters) 8.71 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.667:1 5:3 Resolution 480 x 800 pixels Pixel density 233 ppi (pixels per inch) 91 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 18 bit 262144 colors Display area 59.54 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.2 Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Digital zoom Geotagging Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.4 Image resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) AVRCP (Audio/Visual Remote Control Profile) DIP (Device ID Profile) HFP (Hands-Free Profile) HID (Human Interface Profile) HSP (Headset Profile) MAP (Message Access Profile) OPP (Object Push Profile) PAN (Personal Area Networking Profile) PBAP/PAB (Phone Book Access Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) M4A (MPEG-4 Audio, .m4a) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) 3GPP2 (3rd Generation Partnership Project 2, .3g2) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) Flash Video (.flv, .f4v, .f4p, .f4a, .f4b) MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) QuickTime (.mov, .qt) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 1500 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 8 h (hours) 480 min (minutes) 0.3 days 2G stand-by time 180 h (hours) 10800 min (minutes) 7.5 days 3G talk time 8 h (hours) 480 min (minutes) 0.3 days 3G stand-by time 180 h (hours) 10800 min (minutes) 7.5 days Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.57 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.65 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Energy Sistem Energy Phone Neo 2. Dimensions : 63.1 x 121.6 x 10.8 mm Weight : 126 g SoC : Spreadtrum SC9830A CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2 RAM : 1 GB Storage : 8 GB Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 18 bit Battery : 1500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Price in the Philippines and Specification. The Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime packs Quad-Core 1.2 GHz processor, 8GB ROM, Android Marshmallow 6.0 with ultra data saving mode.. 4.0 inches, WVGA (480 x 800). * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. depends on the location, 2-3 days. 300 - 500 php, 3 - 5 days. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Insurance is inclusive of ..., Your order will be ... Fast 7 Express in 2-3 ... Fast 7 Express in 2-3 ... Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime P3,490. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Price in the Philippines Starts from P3,450. The lowest price of Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime is P3,450 at Ame Czarrief Cellphone Shop, Lheen Cellphone and Accessories, which is 59% less than the cost of Galaxy J1 mini prime at Lazada (P8,489).. The latest price of Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 10:23.. Video of Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime UNBOXING. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime REVIEW. Specs of Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. , up to 9 hours of Wi-Fi,. , *May differ by markets and mobile operators. , *May differ by markets and mobile operators. , B1(2100), B3(1800), B5(850), B7(2600), B8(900), B20(800). , *May differ by markets and mobile operators.. 121.6 x 63.1 x 10.8 mm. About Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime: The Best Budget Android Smartphone till date?. Expectations from a budget smartphone and a top-ending are completely different. It's not about putting the best features into a smartphone; a budget model is about putting the best possible features with the least possible price tag. Enter the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime.. The budget smartphones have its own specific rivalry between competitors. There are more than a few company's trying to reach out for the top spot with their products. And the most important factor behind this is providing the product with the best possible value-for-feature ratio.. This is just what Samsung has integrated into the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. A pint-sized budget smartphone with multiple leading features compactly arranged into a single frame, not to mention the highly competitive price tag.. As is always expected from Samsung, this device looks simple but gorgeous at the same time. Rounded-off edges, a curved back-end commanding an assuring grip, this Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is a suave budget accessory to have. Capacitive touch buttons are placed up front with two other utility buttons on either side.. Dimensions for this model come in at 121.6x63.1x10.8 mm (4.79x2.48x0.43 inches). And it's literally featherweight, tipping the scale at only 126 grams.. This device stays true to its budget range by sporting a 4.0 inch 800 x 480 resolution touchscreen. In spite of its minimal resolution, it has a rich pixel density of 243 PPI with 256K+ color depth.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime runs on a Spreadtrum SC 9830 chipset using a 1.2 GHz Quad-Core processor. User reviews are well beyond what's expected from these specs; the quad-core allows seamless multi-tasking. Also boasting a dedicated GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) with a Mali-400MP2, this device is one of the most powerful setups around.. Furthermore, a 1 GB RAM module adds to this setup to provide segment-topping performance benchmarks allowing users comprehensive multi-media functions.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime comes with 8 GB internal storage, a huge spec considering its price range. External storage can be extended to a maximum of 128 GB via a microSD card.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime has a 5 MP rear camera with a f/2.2 aperture with LED flash. With added features and filters, this is a fun camera to use. The front camera comes with a VGA module capable of taking above average still from up front.. This device runs on an Android 6.0 Marshmallow with the latest updates. It also comes pre-installed with added UI software.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is powered by a removable 1500 mAh Li-Ion polymer battery. Power backup stats comes in at up to 9 hours of Wi-Fi, 7 Hours of 3G and 7-plus hours of video playback.. South-east Asia is currently one of the fastest growing economic regions and the Philippines is leading in multiple sectors. A rising economy, the Philippines have shown a growing demand for consumer goods and products such as smartphones and electronic devices. With numerous regional and global manufacturers flocking in, it has turned out to be a market hotspot of late.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is a budget smartphone which has numerous leading features. Coupled with a minimalist price tag, this device has a high affordability and value-for-money factor to it. Adding to this Samsung's brand value, this device has opened to strong off-the-counter sales in the Philippines and it looks to continue this trend.. Reviews of Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. User Review : 1 Reviews. Ang cute ng phone na ito from samsung although maliit man siya gusto ko siya kasi nagagamit ko siya parati lalo sa ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. Pwede ba mag mobile legends sa j1 mini prime??. Last updated : Dec 28, 2017. Replies of This topic : 3 Replies. Pwede ba mag mobile legends sa j1 mini prime??. Last updated : Aug 28, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Pwede ba mag mobile legends sa j1 mini prime??. Last updated : Aug 28, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Saan puba sa sm pampanga makakakita ng galaxy j1 prime yung tig 3100 up. Last updated : Aug 24, 2017. Replies of This topic : 4 Replies. Saan puba sa sm pampanga makakakita ng galaxy j1 prime yung tig 3100 up. Last updated : Aug 20, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. 5.5 inches, FHD 1920 x 10... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. 5.0 inches, 540 x 960 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1.5GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 3... 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 1.... Most viewed ranking for Samsung Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
(Redirected from Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime ). Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace , Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) , Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt, Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini , Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Neo , Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. Talk time: Up to 10 hrs. Music play: Up to 40 hrs. Touchscreen , Accelerometer , Proximity. 4.3 in, 52.6 cm² (~59.8% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~217 ppi density). 5 MP (f/2.2, 31 mm aperture), autofocus , LED flash. Vibration: MP3 , WAV ringtones. WLAN : 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct , Mobile hotspot. GPS : A-GPS , GLONASS. Radio: FM radio , RDS , recording. Messaging: SMS (threaded view), MMS , E-mail , Push mail , IM. Price: 132.5456 US dollars (110 euros, 14,875.7379 Japanese yen, 165.7461 Canadian dollars, 169.3494 Australian dollars, 97.5348 British pounds, 600.8499 Ghanaian cedis). SIM: Single SIM (Micro-SIM), Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 0.65 W/kg (head), 0.87 W/kg (body). Not to be confused with Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Neo .. Samsung Galaxy J1 is an Android smartphone developed by Samsung Electronics and was released in February 2015. The phone has 4 GB of storage, 512 MB of RAM, and a Dual-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU.. As of September 2015, phones that have Verizon Wireless came with Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. While phones that had an older version such as Android 4.4.4 KitKat (which it used to come with) would have an update for Lollipop. The Samsung Galaxy J1 has 512 MB of RAM while also having 4 GB of storage. [5] The phone also has a slot for a microSD card up to 256 gigabytes, and has DualSIM card support. [6] The rear camera's resolution is 5 megapixels, while the front camera is 2 megapixels and both travel at 30 fps. [5] It has a CPU of Dual-Core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, a GPU of Mali-400, and an SOC of Exynos 3457 and Spreadtrum.. The Samsung Galaxy J1 was announced on January 2015, then released the month after. [5] In October 2015, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace was released. [7] In January 2016, a 2016 edition of the smartphone was released. [8] [9] The month after that, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt was released. [10] One month later, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini was released, and 4 months later, the Ace Neo edition of the phone was unveiled. [11] [12] Then in November of the same year, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt Prime was presented in stores. [13] Finally, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime was unveiled and released on the December of 2016, and the Samsung Galaxy J2 became its main successor. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 Specifications". Retrieved 2 January 2018. Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Hearing Aid Compatible Phones Status". Retrieved 3 January 2018. ^ "Android 5.1.1 Lollipop to Samsung Galaxy J1 on Verizon Update Guide". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ a b c "Samsung Galaxy J1 price, specifications, features, comparison". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 Specs". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Specifications". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) Phone Info". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) Phone Specifications". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt Specifications". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 mini price, specifications, features, comparison". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Neo price, specifications, features, comparison". Retrieved 2 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt Prime - Price in Bangladesh 2017 & Specs". Retrieved 3 January 2018. ^ "Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime". Retrieved 2 January 2018. Retrieved 2 January 2018 .. Samsung smartphones by operating system. Galaxy W ( Exhibit II 4G ). G920x (Galaxy S6) G925x (Galaxy S6 Edge) G928x (Galaxy S6 Edge+). G930x (Galaxy S7) G935x (Galaxy S7 Edge). G950x (Galaxy S8) G955x (Galaxy S8 Plus). Google Nexus (for Nexus S ). SGH for GSM Handset. SCH for CDMA (non-Sprint) Handset. SPH for CDMA (Sprint) Handset. GT for Global Telecommunications. SM for Samsung Mobile. Categories : Samsung Galaxy Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Samsung Smartphones Samsung Electronics Android (operating system) devices Samsung mobile phones. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 10 February 2018, at 16:45. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. How-To: Root SAMSUNG Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. Ready to root your Galaxy J1 Mini Prime? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your SAMSUNG Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. How To Root SAMSUNG Galaxy J1 Mini Prime In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices SAMSUNG Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. Experience An Improved Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS. ONE CLICK ROOT TO ROOT YOUR SAMSUNG GALAXY J1 MINI PRIME J106F/DS. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS was released on December 2016. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS is built with a 4.0 inches capacitive touchscreen with a display resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS has dimensions of 121.6 x 63.1 x 10.8mm (4.79 x 2.48 x 0.43 inches) and weighs 126 grams. Its available colors are gold, black and white. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS is run by Android v5.1 (Lollipop) operating system which is upgradable to v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system. As the hardware is concerned, Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS uses Spreadtrum SC9830A chipset and 4 Cores @ 1.5GHz ARM Cortex-A7 processor. Talking about its memory, it has a RAM of 1 GB, internal memory of 8 GB and external memory that is expandable up to 256 GB via microSD.. As for the other features, Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS is equipped with 5 MP rear camera with LED flash and 0.3 MP front camera. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS is powered by a Removable Lithium Ion 1500 mAh battery. Its talk time could reach up to 8 hours, internet browsing time of 6 hours and music playback up to 29 hours.. Have you ever thought of rooting your Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS for whatever your reason is? What do rooting does to your phone? Rooting allows you to use the maximum capability of your gadget with no boundaries. Other benefit of rooting includes eradicatinh bloatwares. Bloatwares are those unwanted or unused system applications in your phone that are usually preloaded already most of the time. Removing those through rooting would lessen memory consumptions and it does provide you an improved battery life. Rooting could also allow you to install custom recoveries.. One Click Root is here to support the rooting of your Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS. It gives you a 100% rooting success and is safe. If for whatever reason the rooting process won’t be possible on your phone, we ensure you a full refund. Witness how a boring, unrooted Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS turns into an electrifying rooted Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS. So, are you ready to give yourself a try and make most out of your effort and intensify your device much higher than anybody’s Android device? Then, here are the four easy steps on rooting using One Click Root:. Step 1: download and install first One Click Root on your PC or Mac. Step 2: through your USB cord, connect your Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106F/DS to your PC. Step 3: enable USB debugging on your device from the Developer Options menu. Step 4: Run One Click Root by clicking ROOT. The software will automatically complete all remaining steps!. Once rooting is done and successful, you are now having the freedom to remove any Samsung pre-loaded applications that causes your phone’s memory to run out easily. For some reasons, Samsung thought that you’ll like this pre-installed Samsung Apps, when most of the people don’t ever bother to open or try them. You may also now download apps, themes, etc. that are incompatible before rooting but are now easily accessible after rooting. Right now you may enjoy exploring your new rooted device.. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp. FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour. >> Free Shipping on most orders over $49. Specials & Rebates See All Specials >. 1 of Deals Today. Enjoy Extended Returns thru Feb 1, 2018!. You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017.. All other standard return policy. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Duos SM-J106B. Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Duos SM-J106B 8GB Smartphone (Region Specific Unlocked, Black). Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Duos SM-J106B 8GB Smartphone (Region Specific Unlocked, Black). Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Place your order by 4pm and your order will ship the same day. For further details see delivery estimates in cart. International orders are processed the next shipping day.. 8GB Storage Capacity & 1GB of RAM. 4.0" 800 x 480 Touchscreen Display. VGA Front Camera + 5MP Rear Camera. $0.00 Tax Collected Outside NY and NJ. B&H only collects sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in the States of New York and New Jersey. You may be responsible for state and local sales/use taxes when filing your tax returns. Please check your local sales tax laws.. Why Buy an Unlocked Phone: A Primer. The black Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Duos Smartphone offers quality performance and dual-SIM capability. The J1 Mini Prime is powered by a quad-core 1.2 GHz processor and features 1GB of RAM for multi-tasking. This model includes 8GB of data storage and features a microSDXC slot that supports memory cards up to 256GB for added storage capacity. The J1 Mini Prime's micro-USB 2.0 interface allows you to connect the device for mass-storage purposes and also serves as a charging port. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime houses a 4.0" TFT capacitive touchscreen with a native resolution of 800 x 480. For photo capturing and video chatting, this smartphone features a VGA selfie camera and 5 megapixel rear camera. The rear camera has an LED flash for capturing images in low-light situations and can shoot video in 720p. High-speed Internet access is enabled by the smartphone's integrated 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi connectivity. Bluetooth 4.0 is also built-in for pairing with other Bluetooth-enabled devices. Built-in GPS allows you to utilize Google location and maps services, as well as receive turn-by-turn directions. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime has a removable 1500mAh battery that can deliver hours of usage time and can be easily swapped out.. GSM / 3.5G HSPA+ Wireless Connectivity. This phone is designed to work on select GSM networks and is 3.5G HSPA+ capable. HSPA+ is a cellular network data protocol capable of data speeds much faster than standard 3G; in some cases, HSPA+ comes close to 4G LTE speeds, but is more widely available than LTE because it uses 3G networks. With an HSPA+ connection, this phone should have no problem streaming video, downloading apps, uploading photos, or anything else that requires a high speed data connection. The phone is also backward compatible with 2G data networks for instances when you can't get an HSPA+ signal. In addition to cellular wireless, this phone also features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. Note: Not compatible with all cellular networks. Please make sure your provider uses a frequency or band that this phone supports. You can check which bands this phone works with in the Specifications. International Variant / International Compatible 3.5G. The SM-J106B is an international variant of the Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Duos. The SM-J106B's 3.5G radio is tuned to frequencies that are most often used outside of North America. It can still be used in the Americas; however, 3.5G access may be limited or unsupported, depending on the network. Please note that the SM-J106B does not support popular 3.5G bands used in the United States. To ensure this phone will work with your carrier please check to make sure the frequencies your carrier uses are supported by this phone. The full list of compatible carrier frequencies can be found here , the frequencies this phone supports can be found in the product specs. Because the SM-J106B is an international variant the language of the box and the default language of the phone may not be in English. Also an international AC to USB adapter may be included.. Dual SIM Dual Standby (DSDS) allows you to lower your mobile costs when traveling while staying connected. Once your SIM cards are installed, you will be able to receive phone calls and text messages from either without needing to manually choose which one is active. When you want to make a call or send an SMS message, you can select the correct SIM card. When one SIM card is being used for a phone call, the other will not be active until you hang up. The Android operating system integrates heavily with Google's services. Using the card-based Google Now, Android quickly surfaces information for you whenever you need it, powered by the same Knowledge Engine that runs Google's web search. It's a personalized and customizable OS, allowing you to add your favorite apps or widgets to your homescreen. You can even download new themes using the Google Play Store, which offers access to more than one million apps, games, books, music, movies, and more. Android 6.0 Marshmallow overhauls permissions, allowing you to have finer control over what your applications have access to. It also marks the debut of Now on Tap, a context-sensitive update to Google Now that checks your current screen for keywords and then searches for them automatically. Other performance and security enhancements are included as well.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Duos SM-J106B 8GB Smartphone (Region Specific Unlocked, Black). The Camera Phone is 20 Years Old!. What Smartphones Should I Consider If I Care About Security?. MP / Video: 1280 x 720p. Dimensions (W x H x D). Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Duos SM-J106B 8GB Smartphone (Region Specific Unlocked, Black) is rated. Rated 4 out of. This phone has been a good solution for needing a simple, no frills phone for a short period of time. Reliable and solid for basic needs.. Rated 1 out of. Runs out of battery right away. Battery life is a disaster, even if you don't use the phone, still the battery runs out in no time. I have to charge many times every day. Samsung promotes that you get 7 to 8 talk hours with J1 Mini Prime, but is not true. The Mini Prime is a waste of money because if the phone can't be use is not reliable, so why do you want it then?. Rated 5 out of. Estoy muy satisfecha por el buen trato y asesoramiento recibido el d?a de mi compra como asi la tambi?n la rapidez con la que realic? la operaci?n. Rated 4 out of. Fast and trouble free shipping thank you. Be the first to review this item. See any errors on this page?. Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.. Shipping Free Expedited Shipping for most orders over $49. Returns Shop With Confidence Easy 30-Day Return Policy. Gift Cards The Gift that Never Expires. Event Space Expert B&H Events and Presentations. Browse our Winter 2018 Interactive Catalog. Sign up for B&H news and special offers. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. The email address you entered was an invalid email.. Speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more.. Enjoy the B&H mobile shopping experience. Norton Secured - Powered by Symantec. © 2000-2018 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 420 9th Ave, New York, NY 10001. We close every Friday evening to Saturday evening for Shabbos.. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms NYC DCA Lic.: Elec. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Your Local Store Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order Help. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106B Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Quad-Core Phone - Gold. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 4-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen Android v6.0 Marshmallow, Processor: Quad-Core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, GPU: Mali-400MP2 5 MP Camera + VGA Standard Front Camera. Tell us if something is incorrect. Tell us if something is incorrect. 4-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen Android v6.0 Marshmallow, Processor: Quad-Core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, GPU: Mali-400MP2 5 MP Camera + VGA Standard Front Camera. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-169661798, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Need a new 4-inch smartphone? The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is now available in the US. Need a new 4-inch smartphone? The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is now available in the US. posted by Florin T.. Tags :. Samsung - Samsung + Android - Android +. Believe it or not, Samsung 's newest smartphone is a 4-inch device. We're talking about the Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (model number J106B), a handset that's now available to buy in the US via Amazon and eBay, despite the fact that Samsung hasn't properly announced it. Amazon is offering the Galaxy J1 Mini Prime for $89.99, while a top-rated seller on eBay is asking $86.99 for it. In both cases, the phone comes unlocked, with dual SIM support and AT&T 3G compatibility. The handset can also be used on T-Mobile, but only on 2G (don't worry, the magenta carrier isn't phasing out its 2G network before 2020). The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime looks a lot like the 4.5-inch Galaxy J1 (2016). that was released earlier this year, but it's obviously smaller. Its 4-inch TFT screen has a 480 x 800 pixel resolution (for a 233ppi density), being one of the tiniest displays we've seen lately. Running Android 6.0 Marshmallow, the Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is powered by a quad-core Spreadtrum SC9830 processor clocked at 1.2 GHz, and offers just 8 GB of internal memory (thankfully, the phone supports microSD cards). Other features include a VGA front-facing camera, a 5 MP rear camera with LED flash, 1 GB of RAM, and a 1500 mAh battery. Clearly, the Galaxy J1 Mini Prime won't impress anyone, but maybe it could do a good job as a compact back-up phone. Follow us to stay updated with fresh news and flashy media from. sources: Amazon , eBay. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 330; Member since: 12 Sep 2016). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 21:43. Is a nice phone, for a teen christmas gift.. (Posts: 4725; Member since: 04 Mar 2015). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 22:01. It makes a good first phone for a young teen between 12 and 15. Come on all they want to do is text and make calls at that age. Show me you can be responsible and next year you will get a better phone.. (Posts: 372; Member since: 22 Mar 2015). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 22:38. (Posts: 6598; Member since: 17 Feb 2016). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 22:52. in response to #5 Hide. (Posts: 372; Member since: 22 Mar 2015). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 23:08. in response to #6 Hide. That's what kids do these days, educate yourself.. (Posts: 259; Member since: 04 Oct 2015). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 13:13. in response to #8 Hide. all i see in my school are kids that jump on any internet trend (the bottle flip is a serious issue here) and being up to date with dead memes lmao. they are too busy being memers, beating each other up and screaming throughout the corridors. i guess my country is just an exception and yall are f**ked xd. (Posts: 346; Member since: 30 Jan 2014). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 04:53. (Posts: 6598; Member since: 17 Feb 2016). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 21:51. Need I go on.....don't get this for your kids people! You'll destroy their faith in tech for eternity..... Samsung's entry level phones are beyond terrible.. (Posts: 437; Member since: 02 Oct 2015). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 22:33. This is so bad that they're offering them free of charge with an S7edge purchase.. (Posts: 4725; Member since: 04 Mar 2015). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 23:00. I wasn't brought up spoiled, didn't bring my son up spoiled and giving him the best and my grandkids are not spoiled thinking they have to have $400 to $800 phones. When you show me you are responsible and earn trust with a phone then you get much better. Spoiled kids most of the time are not responsible and know mommy and daddy will get them another one.. (Posts: 355; Member since: 17 Apr 2014). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 23:11. in response to #7 Hide. I always hear kids say "if my phone breaks, I'll make my parents buy another", when my stuff broke I had to buy it myself, which is bad if you happen to be broke at the time. (Posts: 4725; Member since: 04 Mar 2015). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 00:06. in response to #10 Hide. Yeah I have heard them say that to.. (Posts: 372; Member since: 22 Mar 2015). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 23:09. Another day another Samsung phone announced :P. (Posts: 198; Member since: 30 Apr 2012). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 23:26. i bought my original j1 mini at $45 at a local carrier... they put a flash on the rear camera and the charge almost double for it!? No thanks!. (Posts: 811; Member since: 19 Dec 2014). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 23:34. I'd gladly pay $45 (or several times that) for anyone that can make a 'frankeniPhone'. By that I mean making the battery user-replaceable, and adding 'native' SD card support.. (Posts: 811; Member since: 19 Dec 2014). posted on 29 Nov 2016, 23:31. Removable battery! Yay!!!! Though hard to believe Sansung knows what that is in 2016 (hopefully in 2017). If this J1 Mini was announced then, all the critics today would be touting this like it almost cures cancer. What a difference a decade makes.. (Posts: 1591; Member since: 01 Aug 2015). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 01:05. What's with Samsung and these ridiculous phone names?. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 02:28. they should team up with LG and make galaxy optimus prime. (Posts: 18; Member since: 07 Nov 2016). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 07:52. (Posts: 1591; Member since: 01 Aug 2015). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 10:00. (Posts: 254; Member since: 19 Mar 2015). posted on 30 Nov 2016, 08:02. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Need a new 4-inch smartphone? The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is now available in the US. Need a new 4-inch smartphone? The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is now available in the US. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Returnable Item: 30 Day Guarantee. Technical Features Accessories Reviews Package Deals. Technical Features for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. Network and Data 2G Network: GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 3G Network Bands >HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100. WiFi: Share Pictures Over The Internet or Your Home Network Wirelessly Bluetooth: Send Photos Wirelessly From Your Bluetooth Enabled Device. Memory: 8 GB ROM, 1 GB RAM. 4" (480 x 800) TFT Touch Screen Display. Messaging: SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Talk Time: Up to 8 Hours (3G WCDMA). Messengers: Google Mail, Yahoo, LG E-mail, Google Talk, Messenger, Nimbuzz. MP4, M4V, 3GP, 3G2, WMV, ASF, AVI, FLV, MKV, WEBM. MP3, M4A, 3GA, AAC, OGG, OGA, WAV, WMA, AMR, AWB, FLAC, MID, MIDI, XMF, MXMF, IMY, RTTTL, RTX, OTA. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is a stylish multi-functional mobile phone powered by 1.5 GHz. Quad-core processor for seamless multi-tasking and a faster browsing experience. features TFT display technology with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. In addition it includes Ultra-Power. Saving Mode which offers extra battery storage for various challenging situations.. The device features softened edges and 10.8mm frame which make user to grip and handle it easily. for plenty of video, music, and other media. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Gold has many exciting features for users of all types. You can extend the lifetime of your Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Gold with the purchase of a FactoryOutletStore Extended Warranty. See the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Gold gallery images above for more product views. FactoryOutletStore stocks a full line of accessories like Memory Card, Samsung EP-PA710TBUGUS Samsung Wireless Charger Tray Design, and Samsung MUF-64BA/AM for the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Gold. The Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Gold is sold as a Brand New Unopened Item.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Gold. Samsung EP-PA710TBUGUS Samsung Wireless Charger Tray Design. Package Deals Buy together and save. Water Filters Vacuum Bags Cell Phones Batteries. Accessories Cell Phone Accessories Tablet Accessories Laptop & Desktop Accessories Printer Accessories Camera Accessories. Audio / Home Theatre Bluetooth & Headphones. Laptops / PCs Printers & Fax Machines. All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.. Disclaimer : FactoryOutletStore.com Copyright © 2005-2018 Privacy Policy. As an email member, look forward to:. Tell Us What You Think About This Product*. *Required Field Please Complete All Required Fields.. Enjoy Up to 75% Off Now. Free same day shipping on all orders. All discounts are being applied sitewide.. *Entering your email address allows you to receive emails on promotions, exclusive offers, and new products from factoryoutletstore.com. You can unsubscribe at any time.. Check out our Top Categories to find great savings.. We are sorry to see that you would like to opt out of receiving. Please take a moment to reconsider as our emails provide. you with savings opportunities and special promotional offers which are not always available. Once you press the button below, labeled "don't email me any more offers", we will honor. your request immediately and no longer send any email offers to you from our store. promotions that were scheduled to be emailed to you will be removed from our system.. don't email me any more offers. Join now to receive special offers and promotions. All logos displayed on this page are registered trademarks with their respective organizations.. Thank you for signing up!. As an email member, look forward to:. Search for typos and double-check your spelling. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 300 results for "Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime". See all results for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime .. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini 8GB J106H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging- Black. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. $75.00 (5 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini SM-J105H/DS GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone .... Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini prime 8GB J106B/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (Black) - International Version. $72.99 (7 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini LTE 8GB J106H/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (Gold). Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini SM-J105H/DS GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone .... Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106B Unlocked GSM Android Quad-Core Phone - Gold. Only 14 left in stock - order soon.. rounded edges, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini fits right into your .... [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini / Galaxy J1 Mini Prime [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Protector compatible with Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini / Galaxy J1 Mini Prime .... Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini prime 8GB J106B/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (White) - International Version. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. $67.95 (9 used &amp new offers). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini prime 8GB J106B/DS Dual Sim Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging (Gold) - International Version. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. $71.99 (9 used &amp new offers). Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case, J&D [Drop Protection] [Slim Cushion] [Lightweight Bumper] Shock Resistant Protective TPU Slim Case for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Purple. 10% off item with purchase of 1 items and 2 more promotions. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Only. NEW BATTERY FOR SAMSUNG J1 GALAXY J1 Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) AMP 2 Mini SMJ100M J100V EBBJ100BCE VERIZON 1850mAh. Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. $9.99 (3 used &amp new offers). Product Features Rechargeable at any time for your Samsung Galaxy J1. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case Remex Military Tires Leather And Kickstand with Shockproof and Anti-Scratch and Non-Slip Case For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (Black). Keep your Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Primefully protected, shock proof and .... AMZER Pudding Soft Gel TPU Fit Case Cover Skin for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini/J1 NXT - Retail Packaging - Clear. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. made specifically for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini & Samsung Galaxy J1 NXT. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106M Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Quad-Core Dual-SIM Phone - Black. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $54.95 (4 used &amp new offers). rounded edges, the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini fits right into your .... Galaxy J1 Mini Screen Protector, J&D Glass Screen Protector [Tempered Glass] HD Clear Ballistic Glass Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini - Protect Screen from Drop and Scratch (3 Packs). 15% off item with purchase of 1 items and 1 more promotion. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. WORKS WITH Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini ONLY. Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case, J&D [Wallet Stand] [Slim Fit] Heavy Duty Protective Shock Resistant Flip Cover Wallet Case for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Aqua. 10% off item with purchase of 1 items and 2 more promotions. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Only. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case Remex Military Tires Leather And Kickstand with Shockproof and Anti-Scratch and Non-Slip Case For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (Blue). Keep your Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Primefully protected, shock proof and .... Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case, J&D [Wallet Stand] [Slim Fit] Heavy Duty Protective Shock Resistant Flip Cover Wallet Case for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Black. 10% off item with purchase of 1 items and 2 more promotions. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Compatible with Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Only. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. Cell Phone Batteries & Battery Packs. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Shop Phones by Operating System Android. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime 8GB Unlocked Smartphone, Black. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 4.0-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen Android v6.0 Marshmallow, Processor: Quad-Core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 5 MP Camera + VGA Standard Front Camera. Tell us if something is incorrect. Tell us if something is incorrect. 4.0-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen Android v6.0 Marshmallow, Processor: Quad-Core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 5 MP Camera + VGA Standard Front Camera. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-169661777, DC-prod-dal3, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
The next video is starting stop. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime REVIEW. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Last time, We've unboxed the Galaxy J1 Mini Prime so why don't we take a review of it? BTW Sorry guys for the editing, I didn't make it in order because I was in a hurry, because We're going to go to Mass because today is Sunday in Philippines and I'm editing this video while waiting for my family to finish while they are taking a bath... and I don't have a Gear setup, just My Galaxy S6 edge plus and tripod and FilmoraGo for editing so yeah. COMMENTS AND RRACTIONS ARE HIGHLY APPRECIATED so Don't shy to give suggestions or reactions on comment section below.... (This is my 2nd Video in my Youtube account, do hit the like button and subscribe to my channel to produce more videos about Samsung Phones. I know I'm not good in editing but I did this because I was inspired to other Tech Youtubers in reviewing smartphones and it makes me to make one also, like that kind of video but I still learning about it... THANKS FOR STOPPING BY, SEE YOU LATER! 😊🖐). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. How To check Samsung phone is original. Unboxing Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - 2017 Model. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime - Review. Samsung Galaxy J1 - Why it Sucks. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini/Nxt Unboxing, Hands-on Review. [BEST] Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Review. 5 Simple Life Hacks For your Phone. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Android Smartphone Review. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime | Smart Reviews by Kanwal. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Unboxing & Review in Urdu. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime BATTERY PERFORMANCE TEST. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime | Price & Specs [Tech upto Date]. SAMSUNG GALAXY J1 MINI, ANALISIS COMPLETO!! (español). galaxy j1 mini prime vs galaxy j1 2016 comparisons. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (review Indonesia). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Hard Reset. Обзор Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime SM-J106 "Бабушкафон 2.0". Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Reviews. The Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime packs Quad-Core 1.2 GHz processor, 8GB ROM, Android Marshmallow 6.0 with ultra data saving mode.. 4.0 inches, WVGA (480 x 800). Please feel free to post your review on this product.. Ang cute ng phone na ito from samsung although maliit man siya gusto ko siya kasi nagagamit ko siya parati lalo sa calls may dalawa talaga akung phone para sa mga transactions ko at hindi din ito madaling ma lowbat at kahit maliit siya ay gusto ko btalaga ang screen niya kasi naman soft lang talaga siya.. Samsung Mobile Phones > Samsung Galaxy > Galaxy C8. Very nice phone! Ideal gadget ito para sa akin na may astonishing na execution processor at may mabilis na speed kaya sobrang daling gamitin ng phone na ito. Yung fingerprint sensor dito ay magandang ... Samsung Mobile Phones > Gear Sport. Very comfortable ang Samsung Gear na ito with my Samsung phone. Yung Tizen na os nito ay hindi Android pero. maganda ito at attractive at madaling gamitin. Yung iba-ibang applications ay lahat ... Samsung Mobile Phones > Samsung Galaxy > Galaxy J7 Pro (2017). Security, top notch dahil sa fingerprint scanner+password. No gaming issues although there is a bit of fps drop depende sa game.. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for samsung j1 mini prime cover. All Listings - Current page. results for samsung j1 mini prime cover. Save samsung j1 mini prime cover to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow samsung j1 mini prime cover to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. samsung j1 mini prime cover :. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime SM-J106 PU Leather Wallet Case Flip Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case Tough Armor Shockproof Protective Cover. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Shockproof Hybrid Brushed TPU Back Cover Case. Matting TPU Case For Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Gel Cover Multi Color. Case for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Shockproof for Galaxy J5 J7 Prime Cover. Ultra Thin Soft TPU Gel Transparent Clear Protect Back Case Cover for Samsung. THIN PLATED SOFT BACK CASE COVER FOR SAMSUNG J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 2017 2016 PRIME MINI. Leather slot wallet stand flip Cover Skin Case For Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime. Ultra Thin Clear TPU Gel Soft Case Cover Skin for Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. THIN PLATED SOFT BACK CASE COVER FOR SAMSUNG J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 2017 2016 PRIME MINI. For Samsung Galaxy J5 J7 S7 Rugged Armor Shockproof Rubber Slim TPU Case Cover. Clear Soft TPU Silicone Case Cover Skins For Samsung Galaxy A3 A5 A7 2017. Shockproof Carbon Fiber Brushed TPU Case Cover Skin Protector For Samsung Galaxy. ARMY CAMOUFLAGE ARMOR BACK CASE COVER FOR SAMSUNG J1 J2 J5 J7 2016 PRIME MINI. Full Cover Clear Soft TPU Gel Silicone Shockproof Case For Samsung Galaxy Series. Stylish For Samsung Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Gel Protective Case Cover Skin. For Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Note 8 Shockproof Silicone Soft Bumper TPU Case Cover. Ultra-thin Cooling Hollow Protective Hard Back Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy All. For Samsung Galaxy S3 4 5 6 7 J1 Mini Prime Butterfly Leather Flip Case Cover. Flip Magnetic PU Leather Glossy Marble Pattern Card Wallet Case Cover for Phone. Shockproof Rugged Hybrid Rubber Phone Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S8 S7 J5 J7. Luxury Glitter Case For Samsung J1 J2 J3 J5 J7 Prime Silicone Soft Ring Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Luxury Brushed Soft Rubber Slim Back Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Armor Shockproof Rugged Hybrid Case Stand Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Armor Shockproof Rugged Hybrid Case Stand Cover. Soft Silicone Bling Glitter Finger Ring Slim Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Phone. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Slim Carbon Fiber Case Shockproof Rubber Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Sports Shockproof Rugged Armor Case Stand Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime Rugged Shockproof TPU+PC Armor Case Hard Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Vintage PU Leather Wallet Flip Stand Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Shock Rugged Hybrid Armor Gel Case Stand Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Flip PU Leather Wallet Card Case Stand Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime Case Rugged Armor Hybrid Stand Protective Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Luxury Palace Flower PU Leather Case Flip Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Protective Hybrid Shockproof Cover Rubber Case. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Case Shockproof Armor Kickstand Protector Cover. Deluxe Wallet Leather Flip Case Cover For Samsung J1 Mini/J3/J320/J 510/G530/G360. Rugged Armor PC + TPU Hybrid Back Cover Case For Samsung S7 S8 J7Prime J710 J510. For Samsung Crocodile Pattern Slim Leather Skin Case Hard Shockproof Back Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Crazy Horse PU Leather Stand Case Cover Flip. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106 4.0 PU Leather Cover Case Flip Card Wallet. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106 4.0" Litchi Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime (4") Faux Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime PU Leather Straps Stand Case Cover Flip Holder. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106 Holder Finger Ring Bling Cover Case TPU. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Flip PU Leather Wallet Card Case Stand Cover. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Hybrid Shockproof Rubber Case Brushed Cover-New. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Protective Hybrid Shockproof Cover Rubber Case. For Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime SM-J106 PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. Fit for Samsung S7 Edge S8/+ Note 8 J3/J5/J7 Pro 2017... eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Xnspy is The Best SMS Spying App of 2017. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Review. MiniTool Partition Wizard is a free, Easy to Use Partition Manager…. iNew U5 4G LTE Phone for 12,500 Rupees. Reviews Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Review. Home Reviews Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Review. 4.0 inches TFT display with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. 8 GB internal storage, 1 GB RAM, Micro SD card slot. 5 MP, f/2.2 camera with no autofocus, LED flash. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime is the latest addition to Samsung’s entry level line up. The phone is perfect for the people who want a Samsung phone but do not want to spend a lot of money.. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Key Specifications:. Check out our short video review of the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime.. The Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime has a 4.0-inch TFT LCD display with 256K colors and a screen resolution of. This resolution feels really nice on a display this small. The former flagship, Samsung Galaxy S2 had the same resolution on a 4.3-inch display.. The phone is small in size (121.6 x 63.1 x 10.8 mm to be exact) and feels really good in the hand. Single handed operations are easier to perform and all the hardware buttons can be pressed easily without moving your hand up and down like on bigger phones.. The phone is mostly made of plastic. The plastic back is scratch proof and has a really nice feel. The camera is mounted on the top back with a single LED flash on the left side of it. Loud Speakers are present at the left side of the camera.. The headphone jack is present on the top side of the phone and there is a Micro USB 2.0 port at the bottom of the device for charging and syncing.. The RAM this less comes in. very few phones nowadays, but considering the price, it’s good. Internal storage is 8GB (3.9 GB user available). If you feel that it is not enough for you, it supports a Micro SD card up to 256 GB which is more than enough for a device of this category.. The phone comes with a 5 MP fixed focus camera with a LED flash. The front camera is VGA which can capture an image of maximum 640 x 480 resolution.. We tested the cameras both outdoor and indoor. The camera performed well in daylight but failed to impress us in low light conditions. Overall the main camera is below average to take everyday photos. The front camera is even worse. But you can’t expect better than this from a phone priced below $100.. Here are some of the sample images from Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime camera both indoor and outdoor:. Surprisignly, the J1 mini prime records excellent videos. Maxium supported video resolution is 720p@30fps and it looks really good.. Here is the outdoor video sample of the main camera.. As mentioned earlier, the phone comes with a Quad Core processor. You can open 2-4 apps without feeling any lag in the performance but opening more apps at the same time will make the phone slower.. We tested the popular side-scroller game Limbo on this device and the performance is above average. The most demanding games like Mortal Kombat X and Injustice: Gods Among. are also playable on decent framerate.. We also tested its AnTuTu performance. It scored 21,181 which is good enough for an entry level phone. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime comes with a 1,500 mAh battery. It hardly lasts a day on normal usage and 3-4 hours on heavy usage and gaming. So you might want to get a power bank if you are planning to get this phone.. It comes with Ultra Power Saving mode. Ultra Power Saving mode suspends all applications and allows you to make phone calls and send texts, that’s all. You cannot play games, use the. camera or watch videos when Ultra Power saving mode is active.. The phone comes with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box and there is no chance that it will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update. The phone costs PKR 9,999 ($95 USD) and can be purchased from local markets.. TAGS Samsung Samsung Galaxy Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. Previous article Horizon Zero Dawn Game Details and PC Version. Next article Apple Doubles the iPhone SE Storage in Same Price. Where To Watch Mobile World Congress 2018 Live. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ Launch Video Leaked. Samsung Galaxy S9 / S9+ Official Cases Alcantara, ClearView, LED Wallet. VR Gaming: Future and VR Ready Devices (Top Laptops). Gaming Mar 28, 2017. Best Android 7.1 Nougat ROMs For OnePlus 3. Tech Dec 27, 2016. Download Netflix 3.3.2 for Android TV. Apps Dec 22, 2016. WhatsPad Jailbreak tweak: Install WhatsApp on iPad. Tutorials Dec 24, 2014. Share Widget for iOS 7 jailbreak tweak brings Twitter and Facebook.... Tech Jan 6, 2014. This handy jailbreak tweak let you add Weather to iOS status.... Apps Jul 7, 2014. Download The Legend of Zelda: BotW on PC using Cemu 1.11.2.... Gaming Dec 27, 2017. Downgrade iOS 7.1 to iOS 7 via iTunes. Tutorials Mar 20, 2014. Nintendo Switch Hombrew can run SNES, GBA, GBC, Doom Emulators and.... Gaming Jan 27, 2018. Tech 1108 Apps 476 Gaming 460 Entertainment 214 Tutorials 189 Reviews 71 Videos 34 Education 30 News 17. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Compare Mobiles Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs Samsung Galaxy J2. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs Samsung Galaxy J2 comparison. general Release date November 2016 September 2015 - - Form factor Touchscreen Touchscreen - - Dimensions (mm) 126.60 x 63.10 x 10.80 136.50 x 69.00 x 8.40 - - Weight (g) 123.00 - - - Battery capacity (mAh) 1500 2000 - - Removable battery Yes Yes - - Colours Black, Gold, White Black, White, Gold - - display Screen size (inches) 4.00 4.70 - - Touchscreen Yes Yes - - Resolution 480x800 pixels 540x960 pixels - - Pixels per inch (PPI) 233 - - - hardware Processor 1.2GHz quad-core 1.3GHz quad-core - - Processor make Spreadtrum SC9830 Exynos 3475 - - RAM 1GB 1GB - - Internal storage 8GB 8GB - - Expandable storage Yes Yes - - Expandable storage type microSD microSD - - Expandable storage up to (GB) 32 128 - - camera Rear camera 5-megapixel 5-megapixel - - Front camera 0.3-megapixel 2-megapixel - - software Operating System Android 6.0 Android 5.1 - - connectivity Wi-Fi Yes Yes - - Wi-Fi standards supported - 802.11 b/g/n - - GPS Yes Yes - - Bluetooth Yes Yes, v 4.10 - - NFC No No - - Infrared No No - - Headphones 3.5mm 3.5mm - - FM Yes Yes - - Number of SIMs 2 2 - - sim1 SIM Type Micro-SIM Micro-SIM - - GSM/CDMA GSM GSM - - 3G Yes Yes - - 4G/LTE No Yes - - sim2 SIM Type Micro-SIM Micro-SIM - - GSM/CDMA GSM GSM - - 3G Yes Yes - - 4G/LTE No Yes - - sensors Compass/ Magnetometer No No - - Proximity sensor Yes Yes - - Accelerometer Yes Yes - - Ambient light sensor Yes No - - Gyroscope Yes No - - Barometer No No - - Temperature sensor No No - -. Compare Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Compare Lyf Water 3 vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Compare Intex Aqua Classic 2 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Compare Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Compare Xiaomi Mi A1 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 comparison. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace vs. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime comparison. Huawei Mate 10 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 4g comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 comparison. Huawei MateBook X Pro Laptop, MediaPad M5 Tablet, Balong 5G01 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India. ZTE Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita, Tempo Go Launched at MWC 2018: Price, Specifications, Features. Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Smartphone With 6-Inch Display, and Dual Rear Zeiss Cameras. Vodafone Plans to Rival Jio With Rs. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S Launch Set for March 27, Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed. Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Rear Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC: Price, Specifications. Nokia CEO Sees Big 5G Rollouts Nearly a Year Ahead of Schedule. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Redmi Note 5 Pro Receives Face Unlock Feature With MIUI 9.2.4 OTA Update Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung mobiles price in India Lyf mobiles price in India Micromax mobiles price in India Sony mobiles price in India Htc mobiles price in India Lenovo mobiles price in India Intex mobiles price in India Lava mobiles price in India Apple mobiles price in India Nokia mobiles price in India Xolo mobiles price in India Lg mobiles price in India Vivo mobiles price in India Oppo mobiles price in India Gionee mobiles price in India Motorola mobiles price in India Blackberry mobiles price in India Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 504 results for "samsung galaxy j1 mini prime". See all results for samsung galaxy j1 mini prime .. Smartphone (Dual Sim, Quad Core, 768. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini (2016) Duos SM-J105H-DS Black. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. your fingertips with the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini. EUGO Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Case,(1 Pack)Soft TPU Transparent Protector Case + (1 Pack)Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime,Anti Slip,Scratch Resistant. EUGO Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Transparent High Quality Luxury .... Genuine USB Data Cable For Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 8.0 10.1 inch / Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 8.0 10.1/ Galaxy Tab S2 (2016) / Galaxy Tab A (2016) Galaxy S3 S3 Mini S4 Mini S5 Mini Galaxy Alpha Core Prime Galaxy J1 J5 J7 (2016) A3 A5 A7 2016) & Other micro USB ports (No Retail Packaging - Bulk Packaged). Brand New Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (2016) Dual Sim 8GB Smartphone J106B/DS 5MP Camera 1.2GHz Quad Core Processor Mobile Phone - Black. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime case, EUGO PU Leather Case Cover Cases Protective Case Scratch Magnetic Closure Phone Case Cell Phone Stand Function Cell Phone Cover + 1x Tempered Glass Screen Protector Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime- Black. Simplify Your Life: The Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Case featuring 3 .... tinxi® Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini (2016)(J105H/DS) case cover Artificial pu leather Case bag Protective Cover flipcase card slot wallet pouch stand holder with magnetic closure,Feather pen in blue. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Cadorabo – Tempered Glass Bulletproof Glass Samsung Galaxy J1 MINI (6) (Model 2016) Screen Protector Protective Film 0.3 mm Curved Edges – HIGH TRANSPARENCY. Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. Cadorabo - Book Style Wallet Design for Samsung Galaxy J1 MINI with 2 Card Slots and Stand Function - Etui Case Cover Protection Pouch in PASTEL-PURPLE. Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. tinxi® Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini (2016)(J105H/DS) case cover Artificial pu leather Case bag Protective Cover flipcase card slot wallet pouch stand holder with magnetic closure,Purple butterfly. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Galaxy J1 mini Case, Luminous Noctilucent Glow in the Dark Case Matching Design Protective Phone Back Cover TPU Shell Case for Samsung Galaxy J1 mini (Earth). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Mobilefox Car SET 360° Phone Holder Vacuum Cup + Mirco-USB Charging Cable for Samsung Galaxy S7 S6 Edge S5 Neo mini A3 A5 J1 J3 J5 J7. Samsung Galaxy S8/S8 Plus/ S7/ S7 Edge/ S4/S5/S5 mini /A7/A5 A3 .... Cadorabo – TPU Ultra Slim Frosted Silicone cover for > Samsung Galaxy J1 MINI (6) – Model 2016 < – Etui Cover Protection Bumper Skin in FROST-BLACK. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. NXET Micro USB Cable, 6ft 22AWG Fast Charger Premium Strong High Speed Data Sync & Charging Lead for Samsung Galaxy S2 S3 S4 Mini S6 Edge+ S7 Edge, Note 5 4 2, A7 A5 A3, J5 Core Prime J1 Xcover 3 Young 2 Alpha K Zoom Tab and More (2 Meters). NXET Micro USB Cable, 10ft Extra Long 22AWG Fast Charger Premium Strong High Speed Data Sync & Charging Lead for Samsung Galaxy S2 S3 S4 Mini S6 Edge+ S7 Edge, Note 5 4 2, A7 A5 A3, J5 Core Prime J1 Xcover 3 Young 2 Alpha K Zoom Tab and More (3 Meters). 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Samsung Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. 126 grams light weighted Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime comes in amazing specs and features that you can rightly desire for! The screen of Samsung Gala ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only) 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100 - J106F/DS HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - J106B/DS HSDPA 900 / 2100 - J106H/DS 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 40(2300) - J106F/DS Speed HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2016, December Status Available. Released 2016, December Body Dimensions 121.6 x 63.1 x 10.8 mm (4.79 x 2.48 x 0.43 in) Weight 126 g (4.44 oz) SIM Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type TFT capacitive touchscreen, 256K colors Size 4.0 inches (~59.4% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 480 x 800 pixels (~233 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Platform OS Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) - 3G model Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) - LTE model CPU Quad-core 1.5 GHz - J106F/DS Quad-core 1.2 GHz - J106B/DS, J106H/DS Memory Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 8 GB, 1 GB RAM Camera Primary 5 MP, f/2.2, LED flash Features Yes Video [email. protected] Secondary VGA Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Radio FM radio USB microUSB v2.0 Features Sensors Accelerometer Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML Java No - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Removable Li-Ion 1500 mAh battery Talk time Up to 8 h (3G) Music play Up to 29 h. Versions: J106F/DS (UAE); J106B/DS (Colombia); J106H/DS (Africa) Also known as Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime (2016), Samsung Galaxy V2. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Video Review. mujhy samsung s advance i 9070 ka touch painal chay kisi k pas ho to rabta karin 03227009862. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime the best smartphone which has the good specs and the amazing configuration what we really want to have. This Samsung galaxy j1 mini prime has the faster speed due to the best processor that everyone likes to use that every time with the long life battery timing. I can easily use this smartphone because it has everything I need to use with all the great application performance with long lasting battery. You never used this type of best smart phone as like this Samsung galaxy j1 mini prime who has the big slim screen that has the beautiful resolution. I want to use same this mobile who give me the faster internet connection that help me to download everything what I want in Samsung galaxy j1 mini prime. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. 126 grams light weighted Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime comes in amazing specs and features that you can rightly desire for! The screen of Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is not that big and comes in 4 inches of TFT capacitive touch screen type. The resolution of 480 x 800 pixels is surely amazing and bright that allows the users to enjoy vibrant display giving you perfect details while watching movies, playing games, etc. Multi touch option is enabled in this phone for the assistance of the users. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is 3G integrated and therefore you can live stream a match, a video, using the faster browsing option. The 3G model of Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime is operating on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop), and the LTE model is on Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Quad core processor runs all the downloaded and built in applications in a smoother manner. There is a 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal space in this Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime that allows the users to process all the applications in a perfect manner. There is a micro SD card support that can extend the space in the phone up to 256 GB. Primary back camera comes with 5 MP and VGA camera at the front of the Galaxy J1 Mini Prime allows the users to click amazing photos and selfies. Battery life of 1500 Removable battery is surely the best thing one can ask for. Get your hands on this amazing device before the stock lasts. Find the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime price in Pakistan updated online on this page.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. 3 in 1 Mobile Camera Lens + .. USB Power Adapter & Cable f .. Matt Velvet Touch Soft Case .. Bundle of 2 - Solo S450 Wir .. 
TV, Audio / Video | Gaming, Gadgets. TV, Audio / Video, Gaming, Gadgets. Rice Cookers, Slow Cookers & Steamers. Play Vehicle and Remote Control Toys. Search History Clear history. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime 2016 J106F 8GB (Gold). Official Samsung Warranty 1 year 4.0” WVGA TFT Display 5MP w/LED Flash + VGA F2.2 Aperture Quad Core 1.2GHz 8GB Internal + 1GB RAM (up to 128GB) Android Marshmallow 6.0 3G Dual SIM. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime 2016 J106F 8GB. (Gold) 1 x Charger 1 x Manual. Brand Compatibility :. Camera Back :. Color :. Condition :. Screen Size (inches) :. Model :. Operating System :. Operating System Version :. Phone Features :. Processor Type :. Size (L x W x H cm) :. Warranty policy (optional) :. Weight (kg) :. Published Time :. RAM memory :. Screen Type :. Sim Slots :. Storage Capacity :. Warranty period :. This item may be returned to Lazada (depending on the reason) within the applicable 7 day or 14 day return period, in accordance with the Lazada return process and policy. After the lapse of the 7 day or 14 day periods, in case the item is covered by a manufacturer, supplier, and/or seller warranty, you can get the contact details of the manufacturer, supplier, and/or seller from Lazada via chat through http://www.lazada.com.ph/contact. The contact details may also be found on the product page.. Please note that the warranty may not cover normal wear and tear, excessive abuse or misuse or any instructions provided by the manufacturer, supplier, and/or seller that was not followed by the user that may cause the warranty to be voided. Warranty type :. Standard : Shipping fee depends on your location, weight and size of the item. Find out more info here .. Main Office in Main Office, Lazada Office. Wed 28 Feb - Sat 3 Mar. • Customized or made to order items e.g. • Categories where cooling off period does not apply in accordance to local regulations e.g. Change of mind is not applicable as a Return Reason for this product due to one or more of the following reasons:. For more detail visit our FAQ. This item may be returned to Lazada (depending on the reason) within the applicable 7 day or 14 day return period, in accordance with the Lazada return process and policy. After the lapse of the 7 day or 14 day periods, in case the item is covered by a manufacturer, supplier, and/or seller warranty, you can get the contact details of the manufacturer, supplier, and/or seller from Lazada via chat through http://www.lazada.com.ph/contact. The contact details may also be found on the product page.. Please note that the warranty may not cover normal wear and tear, excessive abuse or misuse or any instructions provided by the manufacturer, supplier, and/or seller that was not followed by the user that may cause the warranty to be voided. Seller size is determined by the no. of items a Seller sold in the last 28 days. Sellers are ranked within their own category.. Sellers who sold the most no. Sellers who sold the least no. For more details visit our FAQ. This function is available only for logged in user. Please Log in or Sign up. False ad! they deliver J106B not J106F!. Delivery is within 1 week, Nice cheap phone. I like the ultra power saving mode where it will shutdown every other app and limit the phone to simple text and call functions plus a few other essentials like calculator and a net browser. Only problem is that the unit that will be delivered to you is not J106F but rather J106B. J106F has a 1.5Ghz quadcore cpu while J106B only has 1.2Ghz quadcore CPU. Cmon LAZADA get your ads right!. Mabilis ang delivery but defective unit. Sinoli ko sa kanila yung item kasi defective yung item, namamatay siya ng walang reason, but the phone itself is good. Mabilis ang delivery wala pang 24hrs.. Pay your order upon receiving it. Free Shipping available for most orders above PHP 1000.. For more information click here. ﻿﻿﻿﻿We exchange or refund within 14 days for items sold by Lazada and 7 days for items sold by sellers.. This function is available only for logged in user. Please Log in or Sign up. {"Your question has been sent to the seller.":"Your question has been sent to the seller.","There's no questions yet. Ask the seller now and answer will be posted here.":"There's no questions yet. Ask the seller now and answer will be posted here.","%s hours":"%s hours","%s days":"%s days","a few days":"a few days","This seller generally takes a long time to respond":"This seller generally takes a long time to respond","This seller can take %s or longer to respond":"This seller can take %s or longer to respond","This seller generally responds within %s":"This seller generally responds within %s","%s OFF":"%s OFF","more":"more","Select location level_1":"Select province","Select location level_2":"Select city\/municipality","Select location level_3":"Select barangay","This invite is invalid":"This invite is invalid","Required field":"Required field","An error occured. Please try again","Close":"Close","In Stock Soon":"In Stock Soon","Go to cart":"Go to cart","Buy Now":"Buy Now","Add to cart":"Add to cart","Do you really want to remove this item from cart":"Do you really want to remove this item from your cart?","Remove item":"Remove item","1 Item was added to the shopping cart":"1 Item was added to the shopping cart","Continue shopping":"Continue shopping","Your cart":"Your cart","Delivered in":"Delivery within 1-5 business days in Metro Manila ","%d-%d business days":"%d-%d business days","In stock":"In stock","Not in stock":"Not in stock","Invalid CVV":"Invalid CVV","Please enter a valid email address":"Please enter a valid email address","Password must contain at least one alphanumeric":"Password must contain at least one alphanumeric","Passwords did not match":"Passwords did not match","Invalid number":"Invalid number","Loading...":"Loading...","You have to choose one payment method":"You have to choose one payment method","Phone number must be between 8 and 20 digits":"Phone number must be between 8 and 20 digits","Phone number must be between 9 and 20 digits":"Phone number with 9 to 20 digits","Phone number must be between 10 and 20 digits":"Phone number must be between 10 and 20 digits","Cancel":"Cancel","More products":"More products","Select":"Select","Terms of Usage":"Terms of Usage","More Like This":"More Like This","Size":"Size","Popular searches":"Popular searches","Popular Products":"Popular Products","Search History":"Search History","Sellers":"Sellers","Hide":"Hide","in":"in","Invalid phone number":"Invalid phone number","Invalid email address":"Invalid email address","Error, something went wrong. Please try again later":"Error, something went wrong. Please try again later","Please press button to save changes":"Please press button to save changes","Edit":"Edit","Save":"Save","dgmt-bca-virtual-account":"BCA Virtual Account","dgmt-bni-virtual-account":"BNI Virtual Account","dgmt-carrier":"Carrier","dgmt-carrier-select":"Select your carrier","dgmt-carrier-detected":"Carrier Detected","dgmt-carrier-selected":"Carrier selected","dgmt-congratulations":"Congratulations","dgmt-continue-shopping":"CONTINUE SHOPPING","dgmt-credit-card":"Credit Card","dgmt-edit":"Edit","dgmt-login":"Login here","dgmt-mandiri-virtual-transfer":"Mandiri Virtual Payment","dgmt-mobile-top-up":"Regular Load","dgmt-not-a-member":"Not a Member Yet?","dgmt-oops":"Oops! Load unsuccessful!","dgmt-order-number":"Order Number","dgmt-pay":"Pay","dgmt-payment-methods-accepted":"Payment Methods Accepted","dgmt-phone-number":"Phone number","dgmt-question-feedback":"Questions or Feedback?","dgmt-signup-now":"SIGNUP NOW","dgmt-signup-now-description":"Signup now to manage your orders and speed up the checkout process","dgmt-something-went-wrong":"Unfortunately your order has not been processed successfully. Please contact us via http:\/\/www.lazada.ph\/contact\/","dgmt-speed-up-topup":"Want to speed up your load?","dgmt-subtotal":"Subtotal","dgmt-support-center":"SUPPORT CENTER","dgmt-top-up-again":"LOAD AGAIN","dgmt-top-up-amount":"Load Amount","dgmt-top-up-now":"LOAD NOW","dgmt-top-up-processing":"Load Processing..","dgmt-top-up-summary":"Load Summary","dgmt-top-up-type":"Load Type","dgmt-topup-not-supported":"Recharging your carrier is not available at this moment - please try again later.","dgmt-total":"Total","dgmt-type-balance":"Regular Load","dgmt-type-code":"dgmt-type-code","dgmt-type-data":"Data","dgmt-voucher":"Voucher","dgmt-wellcome-back":"Welcome back, %s","dgmt-you-will-receive":"Congratulations! You will receive your Load very soon."}. 
The next video is starting stop. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - Unboxing & Review in Urdu. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. سامسنگ کے کم قیمت خوبصورت سمارٹ فون "گلیکسی جے ون منی پرائم" فون کا خصوصی ریویو۔۔۔ دیکھئے یہ فون دیکھنے میں کیسا ہے اور اس میں کیا کیا فیچرز شامل ہیں. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime + Forgot Password + | HARD RESET How To -- GSM GUIDE. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Android Smartphone Review. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime - Review. Unboxing Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime - 2017 Model. [BEST] Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Review. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime | Smart Reviews by Kanwal. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime [2017] Unboxing #hindi/urdu. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime GAMING PERFORMANCE. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Hard Reset. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Unboxing and Hands On Overview. Samsung J1 4G Hammer Test | Screen Scratch Test | What Happens. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Gold. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Unboxing - Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime J106m 4g Lte Dourado - Mercado Livre -. Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy J1 MINI PRIME J106F; J106H; J106B. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Unboxing & Hands On. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/samsung-galaxy-j1-mini-prime-sm-j106/. 
Pricena All categories What is Pricena? Pricena App Price Drops Popular Mobiles Laptops Cameras Women Fashion Perfumes HOT. All Mobiles, Tablets & Wearables Computers Cameras TV & Video Video Games & Consoles Audio Office Supplies Home Appliances Personal Care & Beauty Car Parts & Accessories Men Fashion Women Fashion Books Sports Equipment Furniture, Home and Garden Travel and Luggage Baby & Kids Health & Medical Watches Musical Instruments Arts & Crafts Groceries. My Account My Account Login / Register My Reviews My Favorites My History My Alerts My Reviews. Kuwait UAE Saudi Egypt Qatar Nigeria South Africa India. Mobile Phones (569) Tablets & EReaders (257) Mobile & Tablets Accessories (3744). Laptops (370) Desktop & All-in-One Computers (109) Monitors (113) Mice, Keyboards & Input Devices (298). Scanners (5) Hard Drives & Storage (257). Software (10) Computer Parts (262). Servers (0) Cameras. Digital Cameras (200) Camcorders (27) Camera Accessories (1315). Binoculars, Telescopes & Optics (0) Drones (3) TV & Video. TV (109) Home Theater (13) Projectors & Screens (19) Players (35) TV Accessories (390) Receivers and Amplifiers (0) Video Games & Consoles. PC & Mac Games (9) Xbox 360 Games (44) PlayStation 3 Games (108) PlayStation 2 Games (0) PSP Games (29) PS Vita Games (6) Wii Games (16) Nintendo 3DS Games (21) Nintendo DS Games (2) Video games accessories (2). Xbox One Games (102) PlayStation 4 Games (312) Nintendo Switch Games (0) Audio. Music Players (3) Home audio (18) Headphones & Speakers (750). CD players & radios (13) Satellite radios (0) Recording equipment (0) Audio accessories (83) Office Supplies. Desk-Phones (47) Security Products (44) Fax Machines (0) Shredders (0) Laminators (0) Calculators (8) Stationary (132). Alarm systems (0) Filing Accessories (0) Binding Machines & Supplies (0) Label & Barcode Printers (0) ID Card Printer & Supplies (0) Typewriters (0) Cash Handling Equipment (0) More... Time Recorder, Cards & Racks (0) Interactive Whiteboards (0) Safes (10) Office Furniture & Cabinets (0) Pantry & Janitorial (24) Paper Products (0) Whiteboards, Flipcharts & Bulletin Boards (9) Projector Screens (0) Point of Sale (3) Commercial Scale Machines (0) Warehouse Equipment and Supplies (0) Copier (0) Home Appliances. Washers & Dryers (125) Kitchen Appliances (1921). Sewing Machines & Accessories (14). Vacuum Cleaners (149) Power Tools (4). Electrical Accessories (0) Power Supplies (0) Weather Gadgets (0) Personal Care & Beauty. Personal Care for Women (2527). Health monitors (201) Massagers (18) Relaxation (0) Weighting Scales (22) Makeup & Accessories (838). Personal Care for Men (519). Dental Care (63) Car Parts & Accessories. Car Audio (8) Car Navigation (2) Car Video (8) Tyre Pressure Gauges (0) Batteries & Lubricants (0) Interior Accessories (0) Exterior Accessories (0) Travel & Lifestyle (20). Alloy wheels (0) Compressor (0) Men Fashion. Men Perfumes (1852) Men Jewellery (1711) Men Shoes (9029). Unisex Perfumes (29) Women Fashion. Women Perfumes (2126) Women Jewellery (6750). Business & Investment (0) Children Books (157) Comics & Graphic Novels (1) Cooking & Food (0) Fiction (0) Health, Mind & Body (0) Non-Fiction (0) Biography (0) Parenting & Families (0) Self Help (0) Languages & Dictionaries (0) Travel (0) Religion (0) Photography & Art (0) More... Crafts & Hobbies (0) Science & Technology (0) Outdoor (0) Education & Reference (83) Others (0) Best Sellers (0) Textbooks (0) Audio Books (0) eBooks (0) Medical Books (0) Architecture (0) Design (0) Arabic Books (0) Sports Equipment. Football (15) Squash (0) Tennis (10) Table Tennis (0) Badminton (0) Basketball (5) Golf (0) Boxing (0) Running (0) Cycling & Skating (0) Swimming (102) Hiking & Outdoor (276) Fitness (3514) Fooseball (0) More... Snooker & Pool (0) Darts (0) Board Games (0) Sports Bottles (29) Bands (0) Scuba Diving (3) Sky Diving (0) Billiard, Pool & Snooker (0) Cricket (0) Hunting (0) Fishing (0) Volleyball (0) Sports Supplements (7) Furniture, Home and Garden. Home Decor and Accessories (388). Pet Accessories (0) Bar Accessories (0) Travel and Luggage. Carry-ons (0) Travel Accessories (65) Luggage (160) Travel Packages (0) Umbrellas (0) Baby & Kids. Strollers, Gear & Accessories (436). Diapers, Bath & Skincare (653). Nursery (3) Feeding & Nursing (3127). Baby Monitors (38) Girls Clothing (288). Girls Shoes (948) Girls Accessories (539) Boys Clothing (203). Boys Shoes (1001) Boys Accessories (312) Baby Shoes (74) Baby Walkers (62) More... Baby Cribs (0) Health & Medical. Nutrition (407) Vitamins & Herbals (63). Cold, Cough & Flu (0) Mouth Care (146). Stomach & Digestion (0) Aromatherapy (0) Appliances (203). Sexual Wellness (0) Watches. Watch Accessories (0) Kids Watches (0) Musical Instruments. Guitars (0) Bass (0) Ouds (0) Strings, Bags & Other Accessories (0) Amplifiers & Effects (0) Drums & Percussions (0) Folk & Woodwind (0) Keyboards & Midi (0) Pro Audio (0) Orchestral Strings (0) Arts & Crafts. Paintings and Mediums (0) Air Brushes & Accessories (0) Brushes & Accessories (0) Easel and Canvas (0) Art Tools and Accessories (28) Drawing and Illustration (0) Calligraphy/Lettering Sets (0) Portfolios and Art Storage (0) Art Books & Videos (0) Engineering Supplies (1) Hobbies and Craft (0) Mosaic Tiles and Leathercraft (0) Metal / Glass and Wood Craft (0) Silk and Fabric Painting (0) More... Decorative Paints and Decoupage (0) Printing and Stenciling Materials (0) Moulding and Modeling (0) Stamp/Coin Albums & Refills (0) Gift Wrapping and Accessories (0) Bookmarks (0) Papers and Boards (0) Antiques (0) Handcrafts, Sculptures & Carvings (0) Islamic, Ethnic and Digital Art (0) Groceries. Fresh Food (0) Cheese (0) Fresh Juice (0) Fruits & Vegetables (0) Meat & Fish (0) Milk, Butter & Eggs (0) Yogurts & Desserts (187) Food Cupboard (0) Breakfast (7). Chocolate, Sweets & Biscuits (0) Cooking Ingredients (1). Crisps, Snacks & Nuts (0) Home Baking, Sugar & Desserts (0) International (0) More... Rice, Pasta & Noodles (0) Sauces, Soup, Meal kits & Mixes (0) Tins & Cans (0) Free From (0) Drinks (147) Pet Foods (0) Baby Food (6) See all categories. Mobiles, Tablets & Wearables > Mobile Phones > Samsung Mobile Phones > Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime. (average 3.5 out of 5 from 385 ratings). Compare Prices | Reviews | Price Insights | Specs | Videos | Ratings. price Notify me when it's available fav Add to favorites. Price to be announced - 0. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Price in Kuwait. Online Shops (1) Nearby Shops (0) Used & Refurbished (0) Ships from Kuwait Cash On Delivery Filter by. All Cities All Cities. All Retailers All Retailers. Showing locations 1-0 out of 0. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Review. 4.0-inch TFT Display 5-Megapixel Rear Camera Spreadtrum SC9830 Quad-core Processor Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Kuwait Price Quad-core processor Not so pocket friendly price tag Decent rear camera for a budget phone Only 1GB of RAM VGA front camera Android Marshmallow OS instead of the latest Android Nougat. There are multiple versions of the Samsung Galaxy J1 and now there is one more to look forward to, the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. As the title suggests it will be slightly smaller than the original Samsung Galaxy J1. To learn more about this phone including the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Kuwait price and specs, keep reading.. It is easy to guess from the name that the phone is slightly smaller than its brothers. While most of the phones released nowadays feature a 5-inch screen, this one will show up with a 4.0-inch screen. Moreover, the resolution won’t be even close to 720p and will be showing 800 x 480 pixels resolution and 233ppi of pixel density. It’s quite fat for a latest phone and is about 10.8mm thin. There are no major changes in design which is slightly disappointing. For people who are willing to wait for the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime release date Kuwait, there are three different colors to look for: Gold, Black and White just like the Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 .. Nowadays people depend on their cellphone cameras for taking pictures and users will find a 5-megapixel one in the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime. One of the disappointing thing about this phone is its selfie camera which is a poor VGA one. It might be a deal breaker for some people. The rear camera comes with LED flash and supports capturing 720p videos. Powering up the phone is a 1500mAh non removable battery. Considering the specs of this phone, it’s not too big. For those who are looking for mid-range phones with good battery or specs, there is the Asus Zenfone Max 2016 and Lenovo Vibe P1. These are slightly expensive compared to the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Kuwait price but the specs inside makes up for it.. There is not much to look forward to here. The phone is packing a Spreadtrum SC9830 quad-core processor paired with only 1GB of RAM. Most of the phones nowadays are switching to minimum 1.5 or 2GB of RAM. The latest Android Nougat operating system is already here but it won’t be included in this upcoming phone. Users will get only 8GB of storage but it can be easily expanded to up to 256GB using the microSD card slot which works as the second SIM slot as well. All the other necessary connectivity options are there including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and FM radio. There are other phones in the Galaxy J series you can check out: the Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 or Samsung Galaxy J5 2016. These are more expensive but you don’t have to wait for the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime release date Kuwait.. The Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime will be available for about 0 KWD when it’s here. We don’t know much about the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime release date Kuwait at this point but it’s expected to be here in December, 2016.. Things we loved about the Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime:. Things we didn’t like about the phone:. Black,8 GB,Android,LTE,Single Sim,Touch Screen,External Memory Card,1 GB. Black,8 GB,Android,LTE,Single Sim,Touch Screen,External Memory Card,1 GB. Black,8 GB,Android,LTE,Single Sim,Touch Screen,External Memory Card,1 GB. Black,8 GB,Android,LTE,Single Sim,Touch Screen,External Memory Card,1 GB. Black,8 GB,Android,LTE,Single Sim,Touch Screen,External Memory Card,1 GB. Black,8 GB,Android,LTE,Single Sim,Touch Screen,External Memory Card,1 GB. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Description. The galaxy j1 mini prime Mobile Phone is manufactured by Samsung and was added around November 2016 and is part of the Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime series. This version of the Mobile Phone comes in Color : White , Capacity : 8 GB , Band : LTE , Display Size : 4 Inch , Sim Cards Slots : Single Sim , Special Features : Touch Screen , Special Features : External Memory Card , Device RAM : 1 GB. The model comes in 12 other variations including combination of LTE Band , 8 GB Capacity , White Color , 1 GB Device RAM , 4 Inch Display Size , 1.2 GHZ Processor Speed GHZ , Single Sim, Dual Sim Cards Slots , Touch Screen, External Memory Card Special Features.. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Video Reviews. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Unboxing & Review in Urdu. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime REVIEW. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Android Smartphone Review. Unboxing Samsung Galaxy J1 mini Prime + sorteo giveaway internacional. Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime - Review. Análise: Galaxy J1 Mini Prime [Review] - TecNoob. [BEST] Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Review. Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Ratings (average 3.5 based on 385 ratings from 7 websites). Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Specifications. Popular in Mobile Phones See All >. Popular Samsung products See All >. Notify me when product becomes available. Send an email to: Submit. facebook twitter google plus pintrest email. Categories Mobile Phones Tablets Smart Watches TVs Computers Cameras Gaming Consoles Home Appliances Women Fashion Men Fashion Samsung TVs Michael kors Bags All Categories. Popular on Pricena Iphone 6s plus LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Kuwait Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Iphone 6s Asus Zenfone 2 Ipad Air 3 Iphone 7 Kuwait Samsung Galaxy S7 Kuwait Alcatel 3V Motorola Moto E5 Motorola Moto G6 Play Motorola Moto Z3 Play Nokia 7 Plus Xiaomi Mi 7. Pricena About Us How to use Pricena Pricena video Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us Online Shops Account Login List Your Online Shop Online Shops on Pricena News & Reviews Pricena Reviews Pricena Blog Press Releases Live Search. Subscribe to our Newsletter to receive news and special offers. Pricena Middle East UAE. Pricena UAE Saudi. Pricena Saudi Kuwait. Pricena Kuwait Egypt. Pricena Egypt Qatar. Pricena Qatar Pricena International Nigeria. Pricena Nigeria South Africa. Pricena South Africa India. Disclaimer: Pricena.com only acts as online price comparison website, all product names, trademarks, service marks, logos, brands, industrial models and designs featured or referred to within this site are the sole property of their respective owners and/or right holders and are only provided for the purpose of this site. Pricena.com acts as independent party and shall not be considered the representative, agent, employee, sponsor, joint venture partner or otherwise of such owners or right holders.. 
