GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 13(700), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat6 300/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 144.4 x 72.3 x 8.7 mm (5.69 x 2.85 x 0.34 in). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~71.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~565 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 20.7 MP (1/2.3"), autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. microUSB 2.0 (MHL 3 TV-out), USB Host. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Up to 590 h (2G) / Up to 580 h (3G). Up to 17 h (2G) / Up to 20 h (3G). Also known as Sony Xperia Z4 E6508 for Verizon. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia Z4v - user opinions and reviews. I want the privacy protection code for z4. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z4 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Xperia Z3 Compact. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 426 results for "sony xperia z4v". See all results for sony xperia z4v .. Sony Xperia Z4v, Durable Hybrid STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Art Pattern Designs for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Lavender Swamp. Product Features Designed to fit the Sony Z4v. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Love to Ride. Sony Z4v Case, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Tree Bark Hunter Camouflage. Sony Z4v Phone Case, Silicone Gel and PC Combination STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Dazzling Designs for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Dry Wood Camouflage. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Original Quality Flowers. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - London Underground City. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Custom Copper Speed Demon. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Skull King. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - City Street Ride Skulls. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Black White Flowers. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Hot Road Custom Cars. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - XVI REBELLION. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - West Coast Surfing Bear. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Badge Collection. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - Reptile R. Sony Z4v, Full Body Fusion STRIKE Impact Kickstand Case with Exclusive Illustrations for Sony Xperia Z4v (Verizon) by MINITURTLE - 33 New Goth. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Chargers & Power Adapters. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Hands on: Sony Xperia Z4v review. Sony's flagship gains features and thickness. What is a hands on review?. Despite some confusing design and spec changes, Sony's latest US-bound effort looks to be a contender in the competitive ring of the most capable smartphones around. Update : In a strange turn of events, Sony and Verizon have announced that their plans to release the Xperia Z4v have been cancelled. We were looking forward to this one coming out stateside, but we, just like you, will have to wait a little longer for Sony's next smartphone.. Sony's latest flagship smartphone, the Z4v, is an offshoot of the Xperia Z4 and Xperia Z3+ that's making its way to US shores by way of Verizon Wireless. The new release aims to provide the best traits of each of those phones, while also offering enough aesthetic and internal boosts to trump last year's Xperia Z3v, which was also available through Verizon Wireless.. While the build I got my hands on was only a working prototype and didn't feature final software, the presentation was complete enough for me to make some snap judgment calls before its tentative summer release.. The Z4v has what it takes to hang with the sharpest and most powerful smartphones available in the US. But if you were hoping for a direct translation of the Xperia Z4 or Z3+, you might be a little disappointed.. Sony's line of smartphones rarely receive a massive design overhaul and the new Xperia Z4v is no exception. While it does bring along some minor, appreciated tweaks in its design, the somewhat boxy, yet sleek physique that it's known for remains in full form.. Its rounded edges are comprised of matte-textured plastic, smoothed over to make the phone a pleasure to grip and hold. It's not nearly as flashy as the aluminum-detailed Z3+, but it'll do.. The camera shutter button, as well as the volume rocker and silver power controls occupy the handset's right edge, as usual. On the left side, one flap covers a slot that you can stuff a nano SIM, as well as a microSD card into.. Moving down to the bottom, Sony re-engineered its micro USB charging port so that it no longer needs to be covered by a flap guard during splashy adventures, as it retains the strong IP68 weatherproof properties that protect the rest of phone. Finally, on the top, there's a 3.5mm jack for listening to media through headphones our outputting through a larger, more capable set of speakers.. The Z4v measures in at 144 x 72 x 8.6mm (L X W X H) and rocks a lightweight body weighing 160g. Those who have been keeping track of the Xperia Z3+ will notice that the Z4v gained a bit of heft, not just in weight (a 16g increase) but also in terms of thickness, where Sony stuck on almost an extra two millimeters. This might not seem like much, but it's quite a remarkable sizing change-up from recent phones in the Xperia line.. The front and back of the Xperia Z4v are each covered in a sheet of tempered glass that looks and feels premium. On the downside, you'd better be in the habit of carrying a cloth with you, as it makes this unit a total fingerprint magnet.. The front-facing panel features the signature carved-out spots for the speaker placement on the top and bottom edges. Also similar to the Z3+ is the bezel, which is slim and appealing here. The only other change in front-facing design is the Sony logo, which now appears beneath the screen in favor of a large Verizon logo taking its place on top.. Flipping the phone over reveals an equally smooth surface, only obstructed by the new 20.7MP camera, which juts out less than the camera housing on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The NFC logo occupies its usual space, about a third of the way down the back of the phone. Right beneath it is yet another Verizon logo.. The Sony Xperia Z4v we got some time with was black throughout, but will also be available in white upon its Summer release in the US.. Next Page Performance, camera and early verdict. What is a hands on review?. 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee .. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Sony Xperia Z4v. All Listings - Current page. results for Sony Xperia Z4v. Save Sony Xperia Z4v to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Sony Xperia Z4v to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. SONY XPERIA Z4V / Sony Xperia Z4 E6508 32GB 4G ROM 32GB Octa-core 20MP 5.2". For Sony Xperia Z4V Z3+ Dual Soft Gel Ring Case Cover Love Girl Blossom Mask. Wireless Charger Pad Charging Dock For Sony Xperia Z3v Z4v Nokia Lumia 920 930. For Sony Xperia Z4V Durable Dual Layer Protective Armor Case Built-in Kickstand. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Sony Xperia L1 Z1 Z2 Z3 Mini. Qi Wireless Fast Charger Charging Pad for Sony Xperia Z4v & Moto Droid Turbo 1/2. Qi Wireless Charger Crystal Fantasy Universal Charging Pad for Samsung iPhone LG. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Black. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Guns. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Aniamls Close Up. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Cartoons. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Galaxies. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Cars. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Fishing. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Constellations. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Space. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Football. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Drawn Designs. For Sony Xperia Z4V Durable Dual Layer Protective Armor Case Built-in Kickstand. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Gaming. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Hunting. CoverON for Sony Xperia Z4v - Faux Leather Wallet Pouch Flip Phone Cover Case. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Colored Camouflage. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Abstract Camouflage. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Baseball. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Punk Skulls. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case USA Skull. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Blue Silhouettes. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Black Red Hearts. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Affectionate Flowers. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Purple Lightning Bolt. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Indie Designs. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Heavenly Stars. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Tree Bark Hunter Camouflage. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Swamp Camouflage. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Fierce Animals. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Sinister Skulls. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Black White Flowers. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Yellow Purple Flowers. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case America Shield Hero. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Floral Dream. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Top Sports. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Grim Designs. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Basketball. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Elegant Flowers. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Deer Hunting Leaves. CoverON for Sony Xperia Z4v - Wallet Pouch Phone Cover Case and Screen Protector. For Sony Xperia Z4V| Hybrid Hard Bumper Stand Case Silly Animals. For Sony Xperia Z4v Case - Flip Folio Credit Card & Cash & ID Wallet Pouch Cover. OtterBox Defender Series Case for Sony Xperia Z4v - Black. For Sony Xperia Z4V Tough Holster Belt Clip Stand Cover Case CAR CHARGER STYLUS. "Brand New In OtterBox Retail Packaging". Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Our Company Who We Are Humanability. How We Operate Code of Conduct. Responsibility Verizon Innovative Learning Tech Immersion. Domestic Violence Prevention Get Involved. Experience the Freedom to Play with Sony’s Xperia® Z4v Smartphone Coming to the United States Exclusively on Verizon Wireless. Experience the Freedom to Play with Sony’s Xperia® Z4v Smartphone Coming to the United States Exclusively on Verizon Wireless. Verizon will no longer be launching Xperia Z4v, however we are committed to supporting Sony Mobile’s product portfolio and will support existing products. Sony is a strategic partner as we continue having ongoing discussions together as part of our future portfolio.. Sony Mobile Communications and Verizon Wireless today announced that the Sony Xperia Z4v smartphone will be available in the United States this summer exclusively from Verizon Wireless. The premium Android™ 4G LTE waterproof1smartphone is here to give you the freedom to play – delivering unrivaled entertainment experiences and innovative camera technologies along with powerful battery performance2.. “The Sony Xperia Z4v continues a tradition of high-quality smartphones that have the best of entertainment with Sony movies, PlayStation gaming, and in-demand features like a powerful battery, all on the largest and most reliable 4G LTE network in the United States,” said Jeff Dietel, vice president, Marketing for Verizon Wireless.. “This combination of a great network and a great device makes it easy for customers to explore and enjoy what wireless connectivity can bring to them where they live, work and play.”. We know life can be tough on your smartphone. Designed with durability in mind, the slim-framed Xperia Z4v is dust-tight and waterproof, featuring tempered glass panels – so you won’t get held back by a slip or spill.. With impressive performance, Xperia Z4v powers through whatever life throws at it and keeps you up to speed with the latest in entertainment. From 4K recording to gaming, Xperia Z4v’s powerful, ultra-fast Snapdragon 810 octa-core 64 bit processor lets you enjoy a universe of your favorite entertainment in an uncompromised, fluid, and lightning-fast experience. Need to do two things at once or find something online? This impressive processor helps to enable multitasking and fast-paced web browsing while delivering a seamless UI experience. With 32GB storage and up to 128GB SD storage, enjoy unlimited entertainment possibilities in the palm of your hand.. For gamers, Xperia Z4v allows you to break away from your TV and continue your PlayStation®4 gaming anywhere in your home via PS4 Remote Play3. Simply connect your Xperia smartphone to your PS4 via home Wi-Fi® and use your DUALSHOCK®4 Wireless Controller4 to play full versions of your favorite PS4 games directly on your phone when your TV is in use. Also available on your PS4 system and Xperia Z4v, experience PlayStation Music and enjoy millions of songs on-demand through Spotify. Simultaneously stream Spotify while playing your favorite games without ever having to hit pause – simply control the music on your PS4 using your Xperia Z4v with Spotify Connect.. Hear the difference of the Z4v with your own ears. Discover the nuances of your favorite artists with studio quality sound captured by Hi-Res Audio and increase the sound fidelity of MP3 or AAC music tracks to near High-Resolution quality with the Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE HX). Also equipped with LDAC support, the Z4v allows you to transmit your favorite Hi-Res Audio tracks over Bluetooth. With Sony’s rich audio expertise and first-on-market Automatic Headset Optimization, your Xperia Z4v automatically adjusts audio settings according to the headset style you’re using for the most immersive sound experience.. Xperia Z4v also brings movies to life in vivid detail with the 5.2-inch Full WQHD TRILUMINOS™ display for mobile featuring Live Color LED powered by X-Reality™ for mobile, creating a wider palette of rich, natural colors and enhanced color depth and gradation without the risk of oversaturation. Additionally, you can maintain increased brightness and contrast with the Z4v’s power-efficient smart adaptive display.. Take your entertainment with you on-the-go with high-powered battery performance that helps you power through it all, with up to a full day of charge2. Xperia Z4v features a high-density 3,000 mAh battery and a power efficient display with Memory on Display. Xperia Z4v also offers Battery STAMINA mode and Ultra STAMINA mode to enable efficient power consumption that maximizes battery life. For fast and easy charging, Xperia Z4v features Qualcomm® Quick Charge 2.0, embedded wireless charging with the latest inductive ‘Qi’ and PMA technology, and a capless USB port for added convenience.. “With the coming Xperia Z4v launch, we are delivering on our commitment to bringing the latest and greatest Sony smartphones to the US,” said Ravi Nookala, President of Sales and Marketing, Sony Mobile Communications North America. “Our Xperia Z4v offers US customers the most fun mobile experience around with features that give them the freedom to play.”. Whether you’re snapping a group photo or taking a quick selfie, Xperia Z4v lets you take the perfect shot anytime, anywhere. Utilizing Sony’s Cyber-shot and Handycam® technologies, Xperia Z4v offers superior camera performance on both the 20.7 MP rear and 5 MP front cameras. With the high-sensitivity Exmor™ RS image sensor and high ISO, you can capture high-quality portraits, even in low lighting. Take full advantage of the front-facing camera’s 25 mm wide-angle lens to fit more into your selfie pictures – without distortion at the edges. With 4K video recording capability and SteadyShot™ with Intelligent Active Mode, you can document memories in brilliantly detailed high quality video.. Xperia Z4v continues to build on our previous generation’s already impressive camera experience by expanding the ecosystem of camera capabilities and empowering users to unleash their creativity with 15 preloaded Xperia camera apps such as Timeshift burst and Video, picture-in-picture, and self-styling portraits.. Xperia Z4v will be available this summer in black and white color options and as part of the Made for Xperia offering at Verizon, customers will have a selection of protective cases from leading accessories brands like Otterbox®, Incipio®, Case-Mate, and Tech21 available for purchase in-store and online. Verizon customers can sign up online for more information about Xperia Z4v smartphone. For a full list of specifications, visit www.sonyz4v.com .. 1 Xperia Z4v is waterproof and protected against dust as long as you follow a few simple instructions: all ports and attached covers are firmly closed; you can’t take the phone deeper than 1.5m of water or for longer than 30 minutes; and the water should be fresh water. Casual use in chlorinated pools is permitted provided it’s rinsed in fresh water afterwards. No seawater and no salt water pools. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty. The phone has an Ingress Protection rating of IP65 and IP68. To see what this means and for more information see http://support.sonymobile.com/global-en/dm/waterproof .. 2 Based on Verizon internal tests under average use scenarios. 3 Xperia Z4v System, DUALSHOCK®4, Sony Entertainment Network and high speed internet connection required. Some games may not support this feature. DUALSHOCK®4 Wireless Controller and GCM10 Game Control Mount are sold separately from Xperia Z4v.. Denver Broncos and Verizon Wireless team up to help prevent domestic violence. For more than a decade, the Denver Broncos and Verizon have teamed up to support victims and survivors of domestic violence during National Domestic Violence Awareness Month in October.. Google’s new Street View app lets you see through buildings. Google’s latest app lets you capture and view hiking trails, restaurant interiors and even mountaintops.. Stay up-to-date with the latest news stories from Verizon.. Follow us on Twitter Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on YouTube. Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube. Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram. Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on YouTube. Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube. Follow us on Twitter Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on YouTube. Verizon is a global leader delivering innovative communications and technology solutions that improve the way our customers live, work and play.. TRUSTe Certified Privacy BBB Accredited Business. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Xperia Z4v features 5.2-inch display, 20-megapixel camera and Snapdragon 810. The Xperia Z4v has a 20-megapixel camera and a 5.2-inch display that can remotely screen your PS4 games.. by October 5, 2015 2:34 PM PDT. Verizon's water resistant Xperia Z4v handset. Editors' Note: This piece has been updated on October 5, 2015 to reflect Verizon cancelling its plans to carry the Sony Xperia Z4v .. Following up last year's Xperia Z3v , Sony announced the launch of its newest Android handset, the Xperia Z4v. Although it was initially going to be available this summer for Verizon Wireless (and would have been one of two Sony phones offered by the carrier), Verizon has scrapped plans to carry the device .. Sony introduces RX10 II, RX100 IV and A7R II cameras. Sony dreams big, targeting $4 billion profit by 2018. Sony Xperia Z3v review: Verizon's spin on Xperia Z3 is nearly as good. Similar to other Xperia handsets, the Z4v is water-resistant, with glass panels on the front and back.. The 5.2-inch screen is really high res, with 2,560x1,440 pixels. There's 32GB of internal storage, which is expandable up to 128GB via microSD.. For your photo needs, the 20.7-megapixel camera has an Exmor RS image sensor and can record 4K video. In addition, the Xperia's front-facing 5-megapixel shooter has a 25mm wide-angle lens, meaning you can fit more into each frame.. The device is powered by a 3,000mAh battery, which includes Quick Charge 2.0 technology from Qualcomm. It also has Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 810 octa-core CPU inside.. Play on! These smartphones got game (pictures). All that processing power and graphical capability will come in handy, given the Z4v's deep integration with Sony's gaming console and media platform, the PlayStation 4. You can remotely screen PS4 games on the Z4v through the PS4's Remote Play system, controlling them with the PS4's wireless controller connected to the phone via Bluetooth.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > Sony. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Sony Xperia Z4v is a smartphone that comes with a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display, a 1440x2560p resolution and 565ppi index. Powering the device from within is an Octa-Core 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor with 3GB of RAM and the Adreno 430 GPU. It has a built-in storage of 32GB with a microSD card slot to expand the memory by up to 128GB. Capturing photos may be done on the 20.7MP rear-facing camera which can also record 4K quality videos or the 5MP camera sensor on the front of the device. Included is a non-removable 3000mAh Li-Ion battery that powers the device for up to 17 hours of talk time. The Sony Xperia Z4v sells in either black or white color options. It unboxes with Android 5.0 Lollipop OS.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Comparison With the "Original" Japanese Version (Xperia. Comparison With the Apple iPhone 6. Comparison With the Samsung Galaxy S6. Z4 to the United States, and officially releasing it this summer of 2015. The smartphone was first released and sold in Japan this April, but now, with a few adjustments, it will be marketed in the U.S. Sony has designed the phone for use in Verizon Wireless phone plans, though it could potentially be used with any number of cell phone service providers. Z4v below, we will cover all of the important features of this new smartphone, see how it differs from the Japanese. Z4, and then look at how it compares to other popular smartphones.. Z4V uses an Android 5.0 Lollipop operating system and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor. It gives you 3GB of RAM and a. The device is 144 mm long, 72 mm wide, and 9 mm thick. Its total weight is 5.6 ounces, and it is available in two colors- black and white.. The display screen will be 5.2 inches and cover over 70 percent of the top surface. The phone is a touchscreen with 10-finger multi-touch ability. The glass plating is highly scratch-resistant and has an oleophobic protective coating, meaning that it repels oil and grease. The resolution is 1440 pixels by 2560 with a 565 pixel density.. Z4V comes with a 21MP rear camera with 4K video capability. This is the primary camera, and it offers LED flash, auto-focus, and a pixel count of 5248 by 3936. It also has touch-focus, face-detection, and geo-tagging features. The front camera is 5MP and comes with a helpful Steady Shot feature. After using the camera, you can perfect the results with a built-in photo and video editor.. The Z4V brings you loudspeakers, stereo speakers, auto-compensation for headset usage, 3.5 mm headset jacks, ClearAudio+, numerous audio alerts, vibration alerts, WAV ringtones, and MP3 capabilities. It does not, however, include a radio. You also get active noise cancellation with a dedicated microphone.. Z4V's battery is a non-removable Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. This type of battery can recharge your smartphone at more than four times the rate of many conventional phone batteries- reaching 60 percent charged in only half an hour. The battery also is Qi and PMA enabled for wireless charging. Furthermore, your battery will give you plenty of usage before running low: 17 hours of talk time, 95 hours of music, or 590 hours of stand-by time.. Z4V is certainly a well connected smartphone. It brings you dual-band Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, a micro-USB port, an HTML-5 browser, and much more. Its SIM card is a certified IP-68 Nano-SIM, which is dust-proof and water-resistant at up to 1.5 meters deep for 30 minutes straight. It also comes with a built-in barometer, compass, and accelerometer. The one drawback is that it does not come with Java.. While most of the features on the Z4 and Z4V are identical, there are a few differences that need to be pointed out. The American model is a bit thicker and weightier than the Japanese one, but it has some improved features. The new model has a wider screen with better resolution, a slightly larger but more powerful battery, and new, wireless charge-up abilities.. Some have leveled the charge at the Z4V that it is less "sleek and elegant" than the Z4, but this is overstated. After all, two extra millimeters of thickness and barely half an ounce of additional weight will not even be noticed except on a spec sheet. The better screen and battery are well worth a small concession like that.. Finally, the biggest difference in the Z4V compared to the Z4 is actually connection with Verizon. It was Sony's partnership with Verizon that drove it to include wireless battery recharging, for example. The new Z4V also will act as a companion device with the Play Station 4, allowing games to be streamed to the phone from the gaming console whenever both machines use the same Wi-Fi connection. Both the team-up with Verizon and with Play Station have been done with past Sony smartphones as well, but this time, it appears that the cooperative effort will be far more streamlined and effective.. Since no other smartphone seems to be endued with the iconic status of the Apple iPhone, we can profitably gauge the Sony. Both, of course, are excellent pieces of machinery, but there are reasons to think the new Sony phone has won the day.. First of all, the Z4V easily wins the screen size and resolution contest. Sony offers a 5.2 inch screen against a 4.7 inch one and a far better pixel count and density. Sony also wins on the camera front, its 21MP and 5.1MP rear and front cameras besting Apple's 8MP and 1.2MP offerings. Apple's iSight apparatus, however, does make up some ground here since it adds to the performance and reliability of its snapshots.. Z4V's Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 runs at 1.5 GHz, beating the 1.4 GHz speed of Apple's Cortex A57 processor. Apple fans, on the other hand, can point out that the Qualcomm has been known to generate more heat as well. It is not that this extra heat is likely to be a problem, but the Sony phone might feel a little warmer in your hands sometimes.. Z4V wins again on memory, with 3GB RAM against iPhone's 1GB and. There is a 128GB iPhone 6 option, but there is also a 128GB Z4V memory card available. In the final analysis, then, it is the 3GB RAM that makes the big difference.. Both battery systems have about the same lifespan, though the Z4V's enlarged screen might drain the battery a tiny bit faster than the iPhone.. Z4V wins on water-resistance, even having IP-68 certification. The one area that, to many, is a victory for Apple is the sleeker, lighter design. The Z4V is a bit more "boxlike" and a little heftier. Many, however, prefer a larger phone these days, and few will be bothered by. Z4V's size except those particularly insistent on keeping their smartphone as small as possible.. Z4V and Galaxy S6 have the same processor speed, 3GB of RAM, and. Xperia, however, can expand its memory with a. Sony's 21MP rear cameras easily bests Samsung's 16MP camera, and the Z4V's 5.1MP front camera eeks out a victory over S6's 5.0MP capability. Both use Android 5.0, the exact same Wi-Fi standards, have GPS and Bluetooth, and use a both Nano-SIM card. The Japanese Z4 did not have a barometer, but Z4V does, so this is no longer a Samsung advantage. Z4V is the most waterproof smartphone on the modern market, so it wins that category hands down. All in all, the Z4V is the superior phone, despite the Galaxy S6 being up to par in the majority of categories.. Z4V improves on the Z4 and on the Z3. In fact, it has a more impressive spec sheet than all previous Sony phones. The exceptionally high memory, the powerful battery that can, in Battery Stamina Mode, run for a week straight, and the wireless charging ability are among its most notable improvements. The port cover that once dangled in front of the USB plug has been dropped. Automatic audio adjustments to headsets is another innovative feature. The most stand-out improvement of all, however, is achieving the highest water-resistance rating of any smartphone in history (IP 65 to 68).. Besides the superior phone features themselves, other factors that may influence some to choose the Sony. Z4V include its connection with Verizon and its interesting gaming capabilities. There will always be those who put a premium on compactness and sleek design, and for them, an iPhone or other major smartphone model may be more appealing. For those who are more focused on the actual performance of their phone, however, Sony. Z4V will be very hard to beat.. Limited Time Offer on Sony SSCS5 3-Way 3-Driver Bookshelf Speaker System (Black).. Limited Time Offer on Sony SSCS8 2-Way 3-Driver Center Channel Speaker, Black.. Limited Time Offer on Sony GTKXB90 High Power Portable Bluetooth Speaker.. Limited Time Offer on Sony PSHX500 Hi Res USB Turntable (Black).. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG Beacon LG Connect 4G LG Esteem LG Motion 4G LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus M Samsung Craft Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Admire LG Spirit 4G. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Extremely high pixel density screen (565 ppi). The Verizon version of Sony's latest phone is a bit thicker than the Z3+/Z4 (8.6mm vs 6.9mm) and heavier (160gr vs 144gr) as well. It's also donning an ever so slightly larger battery at the back - while the regular Z3+ and Z4 are endowed with 2,930mAh ones, the Z4v has a 3,000mAh juicer at the user's disposal. There's also Qi wireless charging on board coupled with Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0 tech. This is not where the differences end, mind you - the Xperia Z4v is the first Sony smartphone to come with a Quad HD display. Its size is 5.2 inches and the resolution of 1440 x 2560 pixels means that the phone is rocking a pixel density of 564ppi. Apart from differences, the Sony Xperia Z4v is otherwise similar to the Z3+ and the Z4. There's an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 inside, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of native storage and a microSD card slot, a 20.7MP rear Exmor RS camera that shoots 4K videos at 30fps, a 5MP front-facing one for selfies.. Dimensions: 5.69 x 2.85 x 0.34 inches (144.4 x 72.3 x 8.6 mm). Weight: 5.64 oz (160 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Glass; Accents: Metal. IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus, CMOS image sensor. Software Features: Face detection, Smile detection, Digital zoom, Self-timer, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Continuous autofocus, Picture-taking during video recording, Digital image stabilization, Video calling. Features: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share, MHL. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 13, 20, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 7. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Gesture, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band, ac. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: NFC, ANT+, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 16 Jun 2015. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia Z4v specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Sony Xperia Z4v, planned for a launch on Verizon, is officially cancelled. Verizon's unreleased Sony Xperia Z4v gets previewed on YouTube. Sony Xperia Z4v to be unveiled by Verizon on September 3rd?. Do you plan to buy any of Sony's new smartphones? (poll results). Sony Xperia Z3v discontinued at Verizon - Xperia Z4v incoming?. Do you plan to buy any of Sony's new smartphones (Xperia M5, C5 Ultra, Z4v, Z3+, C4)?. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia Z4v. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia Z4v smartphone was launched in June 2015. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels. The Sony Xperia Z4v is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia Z4v packs a 20-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia Z4v runs Android 5.0 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 144.40 x 72.30 x 8.70 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 162.00 grams. The Sony Xperia Z4v is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. Sony Xperia Z4v With 5.2-Inch QHD Display, Snapdragon 810 SoC Launched. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Release date June 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 144.40 x 72.30 x 8.70 Weight (g) 162.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours White, Black. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 20-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 5.0 Skin Xperia UI. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia Z4v. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Sony Xperia Z4v With 5.2-Inch QHD Display, Snapdragon 810 SoC Launched. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Sony Xperia Z5 Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia M5 Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4v vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 S Lte Sony Xperia Z4v vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia M5 vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z4v vs. Nokia Lumia 1520 Lenovo Zuk Z1 vs. Sony Xperia Z4v Motorola Moto G5 Plus vs. Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z4v vs. Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia Z4v in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Sony in 2015 continued the iteration of its Xperia smartphone line, with the Z4v released in Japan. And now it's finally coming to the United States, birthed as the Xperia Z4v on Verizon.. Unlike 2014's Xperia Z3v — which looked and felt more like a Z2 —. the Z4v keeps the stylings of its Japanese cousin. Oh, this is a Sony phone, for sure, with a side-mounted power button and all kinds of waterproofing. But it's also ditched the plastic flap on the microUSB port. And it's got wireless charging built in —. both for the Qi standard and the less-popular-but-still-won't-die Powermat standard. But if you still want to plug in, Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0 is on board. The Xperia Z4v sports a 5.2-inch WQHD IPS display (2560x1440), has 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage (plus a microSD card slot) and is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor. It's launching with Android 5.0.2 Lollipop.. The cameras remain a point of pride for Sony, and the Z4v has a 20MP shooter in the back with ISO up to 12800, and a 5MP camera out front.. Verizon no longer plans to carry Xperia Z4v. Verizon has announced that it no longer intends to carry the Sony Xperia Z4v. The change comes months after announcing that it would carry the phone.. Sony Xperia Z4v may head to Verizon on August 13. According to a new advertisement, it appears as though Verizon may be launching the Sony Xperia Z4v on August 13. Unfortunately, at this time there is still no word on pricing.. Hands-on with the Sony Xperia Z4v. During an event in NYC we got to spend a little bit of hands-on time with the recently released Sony Xperia Z4v. The hardware and software is pre-release still but we were able to get an overall feel of the upcoming flagship from Sony.. Sony Xperia Z4 versus Z3+ versus Z4v. And just like that, Sony has three different flagship Xperia smartphones available. In Japan, the Sony Xperia Z4 is what you'll find in carrier stores. Over in Europe a very similar phone goes by the name Xperia Z3+. And now in the United States, Verizon and Sony bring us the Xperia Z4v. So what's the difference between these three, beyond the obvious geographical distinctions. The Xperia Z4v is official and coming to Verizon. Sony's latest is coming to Verizon this summer as the Xperia Z4v. It's another slightly confusing iteration of the Xperia line —. especially if you take into consideration that 2014's Z3v was styled like a Z2. But the specs, at least, are pretty straightforward.. The Sony Xperia Z4v is official, and coming to Verizon. And it mostly matches what we saw in the Japanese Xperia Z4 earlier this year — the big differences being a higher-res Quad HD screen, a slightly larger battery and wireless charging support. Here, now, are the official specs of the Verizon Xperia Z4v: Category Features Operating system Android 5.0.2 Lollipop Display 5.2-.... Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Hands-on with the Verizon Sony Xperia Z4v. Verizon gets the Sony Xperia Z4v later this summer —. Verizon recently announced the next Sony device to enter its lineup, the Xperia Z4v , and on paper the device looks like it can compete. What is on paper and what happens in the hand are two totally different things, and we got to spend a little bit of hands-on time with the phone this evening in New York City to see what it had to offer. Being as the phone is not yet available, the hardware and software we got to check out was pre-release, but it will still give us a pretty good idea of what to expect.. If you have seen a Sony phone before, you will immediately recognize that the Z4v follows all of the usual design cues. With the large glass slab on the front and back, and the metal-looking housing holding it all together, it feels great in the hand. Like any phone that packs that much glass, the Z4v is a fingerprint magnet, especially the black variant. Sony opted to put the Snapdragon 810 in here, and the software flows wonderfully. The 5.2-inch display is crystal clear, though rather reflective in the bright situation we were in.. As a whole, the Sony Xperia Z4v feels like a device that could be very appealing to many. While it doesn't have a removable battery, because of the waterproofing, it does have a microSD card slot for additional memory. It will be interesting to see how the device does when it launches, and we will be giving it a full run down once it does.. More: Sony Xperia Z4 versus Z3+ versus Z4v: What's the difference?. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > Xperia by Sony Ericsson > > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Oct 16, 2015 5:18 PM by wifiengineer. Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. jrosen9 Sep 3, 2015 7:43 AM. Tags: none ( add ). I have been waiting for the Xperia z4v to be released for awhile now.. First for the 8/13 date then the 9/3 date yet still nothing has been announced.. While the Sony website ( http://xperiaz4v.com/#/ ) is still active, the Verizon version appears to have vanished ( http://www.verizonwireless.com/smartphones/sony-xperia-z4v/ ).. So has this phone been canceled?. This content has been marked as final.. Show 141 replies. Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to jrosen9 ). Like Show 6 Likes (6). To get this post more attention and hopefully find out what is going on I would also love to find out any info on the release of the Sony Xperia Z4v. There has been little to almost no word about this phone since it was announced.... Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to Awell ). Like Show 3 Likes (3). The website works for me, but I too would like to know... Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to jrosen9 ). Like Show 2 Likes (2). I would also love to know--I was hoping to upgrade to one of the Sony phones before too long and was hoping the Z4V would launch by now.. If the Z4V is canned in favor of the Z5 or the whole Sony line dropped, that's fine--I just don't want to waste time waiting for a phone that won't come.. Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to zachariahpope ). Like Show 1 Likes (1). "The website works for me, but I too would like to know... Whenever I click the verizon link I get a "Page is not currently available.". I remember it used to show an ad page with all the phone features. Just noticed the website still shows on mobile ... just not on my desktop ... Doesn't change the fact that I would still like to know if when this phone is coming.. Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to jrosen9 ). Like Show 1 Likes (1). I have been waiting over a year for Verizon to provide a decent WATERPROOF smartphone, and the z4v is definitely it.. My old phone is getting shakier and shakier.. If the z4v doesn't come out soon, there's a very good chance I'll jump ship for another service with a phone that meets my requirements.. Verizon ALWAYS seems to take FOREVER to get an up-to-date phone out...... Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to jrosen9 ). Like Show 3 Likes (3). My phone is losing text messages and phone calls, which is affecting my job. I need to upgrade, and wanted this phone. I like to fish, so the waterproof is perfect, and I'm just not a fan of Samsungs. But my hands are tied, I might have to get a phone I don't really care about. Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to jrosen9 ). Like Show 2 Likes (2). Verizon will make it worth the wait.. Just like z3v voice and data at the same time that didn't happen yet. Come on Verizon and Sony, get it together!. Samsung and iPhone launches go without a hitch with big bonuses too!. Z5 has been announced so has z4v been scrapped?. Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to sephiroth_4 ). Like Show 3 Likes (3). Re: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to jrosen9 ). Like Show 2 Likes (2). Yes, Please give us another Xperia!!. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Sony Xperia Z4v for Verizon Wireless Plans. Compare Cell Phones > Sony. View all the Verizon Wireless plans that work with the Sony Xperia Z4v. Compare Verizon Wireless plans that are compatible with the Sony Xperia Z4v using our tool below.. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Sony Xperia Z4v is a smartphone that comes with a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display, a 1440x2560p resolution and 565ppi index. Powering the device from within is an Octa-Core 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor with 3GB of RAM and the Adreno 430 GPU. It has a built-in storage of 32GB with a microSD card slot to expand the memory by up to 128GB. Capturing photos may be done on the 20.7MP rear-facing camera which can also record 4K quality videos or the 5MP camera sensor on the front of the device. Included is a non-removable 3000mAh Li-Ion battery that powers the device for up to 17 hours of talk time. The Sony Xperia Z4v sells in either black or white color options. It unboxes with Android 5.0 Lollipop OS.. View all the Verizon Wireless plans that work with the Sony Xperia Z4v. Compare Verizon Wireless plans that are compatible with the Sony Xperia Z4v using our tool below.. Sony Xperia Z4v for Verizon Wireless Plans. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Comparison With the "Original" Japanese Version (Xperia. Comparison With the Apple iPhone 6. Comparison With the Samsung Galaxy S6. Z4 to the United States, and officially releasing it this summer of 2015. The smartphone was first released and sold in Japan this April, but now, with a few adjustments, it will be marketed in the U.S. Sony has designed the phone for use in Verizon Wireless phone plans, though it could potentially be used with any number of cell phone service providers. Z4v below, we will cover all of the important features of this new smartphone, see how it differs from the Japanese. Z4, and then look at how it compares to other popular smartphones.. Z4V uses an Android 5.0 Lollipop operating system and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor. It gives you 3GB of RAM and a. The device is 144 mm long, 72 mm wide, and 9 mm thick. Its total weight is 5.6 ounces, and it is available in two colors- black and white.. The display screen will be 5.2 inches and cover over 70 percent of the top surface. The phone is a touchscreen with 10-finger multi-touch ability. The glass plating is highly scratch-resistant and has an oleophobic protective coating, meaning that it repels oil and grease. The resolution is 1440 pixels by 2560 with a 565 pixel density.. Z4V comes with a 21MP rear camera with 4K video capability. This is the primary camera, and it offers LED flash, auto-focus, and a pixel count of 5248 by 3936. It also has touch-focus, face-detection, and geo-tagging features. The front camera is 5MP and comes with a helpful Steady Shot feature. After using the camera, you can perfect the results with a built-in photo and video editor.. The Z4V brings you loudspeakers, stereo speakers, auto-compensation for headset usage, 3.5 mm headset jacks, ClearAudio+, numerous audio alerts, vibration alerts, WAV ringtones, and MP3 capabilities. It does not, however, include a radio. You also get active noise cancellation with a dedicated microphone.. Z4V's battery is a non-removable Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. This type of battery can recharge your smartphone at more than four times the rate of many conventional phone batteries- reaching 60 percent charged in only half an hour. The battery also is Qi and PMA enabled for wireless charging. Furthermore, your battery will give you plenty of usage before running low: 17 hours of talk time, 95 hours of music, or 590 hours of stand-by time.. Z4V is certainly a well connected smartphone. It brings you dual-band Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, a micro-USB port, an HTML-5 browser, and much more. Its SIM card is a certified IP-68 Nano-SIM, which is dust-proof and water-resistant at up to 1.5 meters deep for 30 minutes straight. It also comes with a built-in barometer, compass, and accelerometer. The one drawback is that it does not come with Java.. While most of the features on the Z4 and Z4V are identical, there are a few differences that need to be pointed out. The American model is a bit thicker and weightier than the Japanese one, but it has some improved features. The new model has a wider screen with better resolution, a slightly larger but more powerful battery, and new, wireless charge-up abilities.. Some have leveled the charge at the Z4V that it is less "sleek and elegant" than the Z4, but this is overstated. After all, two extra millimeters of thickness and barely half an ounce of additional weight will not even be noticed except on a spec sheet. The better screen and battery are well worth a small concession like that.. Finally, the biggest difference in the Z4V compared to the Z4 is actually connection with Verizon. It was Sony's partnership with Verizon that drove it to include wireless battery recharging, for example. The new Z4V also will act as a companion device with the Play Station 4, allowing games to be streamed to the phone from the gaming console whenever both machines use the same Wi-Fi connection. Both the team-up with Verizon and with Play Station have been done with past Sony smartphones as well, but this time, it appears that the cooperative effort will be far more streamlined and effective.. Since no other smartphone seems to be endued with the iconic status of the Apple iPhone, we can profitably gauge the Sony. Both, of course, are excellent pieces of machinery, but there are reasons to think the new Sony phone has won the day.. First of all, the Z4V easily wins the screen size and resolution contest. Sony offers a 5.2 inch screen against a 4.7 inch one and a far better pixel count and density. Sony also wins on the camera front, its 21MP and 5.1MP rear and front cameras besting Apple's 8MP and 1.2MP offerings. Apple's iSight apparatus, however, does make up some ground here since it adds to the performance and reliability of its snapshots.. Z4V's Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 runs at 1.5 GHz, beating the 1.4 GHz speed of Apple's Cortex A57 processor. Apple fans, on the other hand, can point out that the Qualcomm has been known to generate more heat as well. It is not that this extra heat is likely to be a problem, but the Sony phone might feel a little warmer in your hands sometimes.. Z4V wins again on memory, with 3GB RAM against iPhone's 1GB and. There is a 128GB iPhone 6 option, but there is also a 128GB Z4V memory card available. In the final analysis, then, it is the 3GB RAM that makes the big difference.. Both battery systems have about the same lifespan, though the Z4V's enlarged screen might drain the battery a tiny bit faster than the iPhone.. Z4V wins on water-resistance, even having IP-68 certification. The one area that, to many, is a victory for Apple is the sleeker, lighter design. The Z4V is a bit more "boxlike" and a little heftier. Many, however, prefer a larger phone these days, and few will be bothered by. Z4V's size except those particularly insistent on keeping their smartphone as small as possible.. Z4V and Galaxy S6 have the same processor speed, 3GB of RAM, and. Xperia, however, can expand its memory with a. Sony's 21MP rear cameras easily bests Samsung's 16MP camera, and the Z4V's 5.1MP front camera eeks out a victory over S6's 5.0MP capability. Both use Android 5.0, the exact same Wi-Fi standards, have GPS and Bluetooth, and use a both Nano-SIM card. The Japanese Z4 did not have a barometer, but Z4V does, so this is no longer a Samsung advantage. Z4V is the most waterproof smartphone on the modern market, so it wins that category hands down. All in all, the Z4V is the superior phone, despite the Galaxy S6 being up to par in the majority of categories.. Z4V improves on the Z4 and on the Z3. In fact, it has a more impressive spec sheet than all previous Sony phones. The exceptionally high memory, the powerful battery that can, in Battery Stamina Mode, run for a week straight, and the wireless charging ability are among its most notable improvements. The port cover that once dangled in front of the USB plug has been dropped. Automatic audio adjustments to headsets is another innovative feature. The most stand-out improvement of all, however, is achieving the highest water-resistance rating of any smartphone in history (IP 65 to 68).. Besides the superior phone features themselves, other factors that may influence some to choose the Sony. Z4V include its connection with Verizon and its interesting gaming capabilities. There will always be those who put a premium on compactness and sleek design, and for them, an iPhone or other major smartphone model may be more appealing. For those who are more focused on the actual performance of their phone, however, Sony. Z4V will be very hard to beat.. 20% off any order When You order any Phone or Phone Bundle with Airtime. Up to 25% off French Market Coffee with Subscribe and Save.. Use code: VZWDEAL at checkout for instant savings. Get $100 off iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. Get $100 off iPhone 8 or 8 Plus. Get $100 off iPhone X with code VZWDEAL. Get a $25 gift card & waived activation fee with the purchase of a GizmoPal 2, GizmoGadget or GizmoTab. Code: GIZMOKIDS25, must submit receipt & UPC(s) via vzw.com/digitalrebatecenter. Other Phones on Verizon Wireless Other Sony Phones. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG Beacon LG Connect 4G LG Esteem LG Motion 4G LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus M Samsung Craft Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Admire LG Spirit 4G. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia Z4. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia Z4 smartphone was launched in April 2015. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Sony Xperia Z4 is powered by 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia Z4 packs a 20.7-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5.1-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia Z4 runs Android 5.0 and is powered by a 2930mAh non removable battery. It measures 146.00 x 72.00 x 6.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 144.00 grams. The Sony Xperia Z4 is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Sony Confirms Xperia Z3+, Xperia Z4 Overheating Issues, Promises Software Fix. Sony Xperia Z4 Global Variant Expected at 'New Flagship' Launch Event. Sony Xperia Z4 to Be Launched as Xperia Z3+ Globally: Report. Sony Xperia Z4 Reportedly Only for Japan; Global Flagship Due by May-End. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Release date April 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 146.00 x 72.00 x 6.90 Weight (g) 144.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2930 Removable battery No Colours White, Black, Copper, Aqua Green. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.5GHz Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 20.7-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 5.1-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia Z4. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 3 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 3 of 3 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Monty Dixit | 20 Apr 2015. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. i like it Sony Xperia Z4. By Dev Dhamala | 22 Apr 2015. i am going to buy soon as i can .... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 3 people found this review helpful. By Gift Murombo | 14 Sep 2015. i like how the battery lasts. It functions well and its slim enough. The camera is also splendid and would encourage others to use it as well. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Sony Confirms Xperia Z3+, Xperia Z4 Overheating Issues, Promises Software Fix. Sony Xperia Z4 Global Variant Expected at 'New Flagship' Launch Event. Sony Xperia Z4 to Be Launched as Xperia Z3+ Globally: Report. Sony Xperia Z4 Reportedly Only for Japan; Global Flagship Due by May-End. Sony Xperia Z4 With 5.2-Inch Display, Snapdragon 810 SoC Launched. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Sony Xperia Z3 Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs. Sony Xperia Z4 LG G4 vs. LG G3 Sony Xperia Z3 vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z4 vs. Nokia 107 Sony Xperia Z4 vs. Lenovo A390 Sony Xperia Z4 vs. Sony Xperia C3 Dual Sony Xperia Z4 vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Sony Xperia Z4 vs. Yu Yureka Sony Xperia M5 Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Dual vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia Z4 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Sony Xperia Z4v - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 8 9 ». Anonymous, 15 Jan 2017 no sim card slot I want the privacy protection code for z4. Anonymous, 15 Jan 2017 no sim card slot is it???. I need help on operating system coz mine have corrupt. its now out and it got cool features. i want to know if there is dual sony xperia z4. Greg, 23 Sep 2016 My Z4 suddenly freezed and the screen was written in chinese and couldn't even restart - what ... Greg, 23 Sep 2016 My Z4 suddenly freezed and the screen was written in chinese and couldn't even restart - what ... My Z4 suddenly freezed and the screen was written in chinese and couldn't even restart - what could be the problem?. jeshga, 15 Sep 2016 my phone has ear peace problem what could be the problem Try using it directly from the phone, or in speaker mode or over a bluetooth device headset, if the other person is able to hear from the any of these and not when using the ear piece that you bought will confirm what is the problem.. my phone has ear peace problem what could be the problem. i bought this but ear peace big problem somebody cant even hear me is there a problem with phone. Anonymous, 27 Jul 2016 I bought Sony experia z4, but its internal storage is less than specified. No its not fake as the internal size is 16GB but OS (Operation System) takes around 5-6 GB in order to make phone working good. So what you have left is about 12 or bit less GB in handset. I bought Sony experia z4, but its internal storage is less than specified. could my phone be a fake brand of Sony, just wondering.. kimchi, 29 Jun 2016 reprogram go to sony store Nice Pone.. Anonymous, 12 May 2016 am having a problem.each time i try to conect to a wifi network or put on my data,my sony z4 g... Anonymous, 12 May 2016 am having a problem.each time i try to conect to a wifi network or put on my data,my sony z4 g... more reprogram go to sony store. am having a problem.each time i try to conect to a wifi network or put on my data,my sony z4 goes off.. Am using Sony Xperia 4 and it's just bad I wonder why I bought it. The battery does not last it has features which are malwares. so how can we replace the batteries of this xperia phones since they are totally enclosed. please do something about it because its bad. this means that when the phone develops a fault then that's the end of the phone.. Pages: 1 2 3 … 8 9 ». Total of 173 user reviews and opinions for Sony Xperia Z4v .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z4 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Xperia Z3 Compact. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States. Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Opinion Sports Luxury. Verizon Retires Sony Xperia Z3v Prior To Xperia Z4v Release. By Pavithra Rathinavel On 08/12/15 AT 9:03 AM. The successor of the Sony Xperia Z3v is in the offing and is headed to Verizon, as the carrier discontinues the Xperia Z3v. Verizon Wireless has discontinued the Sony Xperia Z3v smartphone, removing it. This could also mean that Sony is preparing to bring in the Xperia Z4v.. According to Xperia Blog , the Sony Xperia Z3v tied to the model number D6708 is the Verizon version of the Xperia Z3. This handset was on sale for about 10. Meanwhile, the Sony Xperia Z4v release date is expected to be anytime in the following months and Verizon could be offering the device. The Xperia Z4v is reportedly the CDMA variant of the Xperia Z4/Z3+, notes GSM Arena .. the handset will come with a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display, fitted with 1,440 x 2,560 pixels screen resolution. This display combination translates to a pixel density of 565 ppi. will come powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 chipset, in combination with an octa-core processor and backed by 3 GB of RAM configuration.. The Xperia Z4v will reportedly sport the same 20.7 MP rear-facing camera that is synonymous with the Xperia Z lineup. In addition, there will be a generous 5.1 MP front-facing snapper for selfies and video chats. Furthermore, the device will come equipped with 32 GB of native storage space and microSD card support for further expansion of up to 128 GB. The entire configuration will be powered by a non-removable Li-Ion 3,000 mAh battery unit.. Other Xperia Z4v features include wireless charging, rapid battery charging, NFC, Android v5.0 Lollipop OS and IP 68 certification for dust and water resistant exterior. Sony has not confirmed the Xperia Z4v specifications thus far.. Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily.. Android 5.1.1 Lollipop Update For Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Now Available Upcoming Samsung Galaxy S7 Specs Leaked. Facebook Could Be Preparing To Enter The Streaming Music Market. It seems to be taking some early steps toward such a move, but Facebook often stumbles when trying to expand beyond its core social network.. Samsung Mobile CEO Talks Galaxy X Foldable Phone. Samsung Mobile CEO DJ Koh briefly talked about the company’s upcoming foldable phone during the launch event of the Galaxy S9 flagship handset.. Alarming Levels Of Metal Found In E-Cigarettes. Metals such as lead were found in the heating coils of the e-cigarettes, a new study has found.. Abigail Hernandez's Parents Speak Out Before Daughter's Trial. "She's not right mentally — she doesn't pick up what people say," Abigail Hernandez’s mother said, ahead of her daughter's trial.. © Copyright 2018 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved.. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy. Editions Australia China India Singapore United Kingdom United States. 
(Redirected from Sony Xperia Z4 ). "Inspiring you to make everyday extraordinary". Xperia Z3+ : E6533 (Dual-SIM), E6553. Xperia Z4 : 402SO, SO-03G, SOV31. April 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-04-20 ) (Xperia Z4). May 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-05-26 ) (Xperia Z3+). June 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-06-16 ) (Xperia Z4v). June 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-06-10 ) (Japan, SO-03G variant exclusively for NTT DoCoMo ). June 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-06-11 ) (Japan, SOV31 variant exclusively for au by KDDI ). June 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-06-12 ) (Hong Kong; Japan, 402SO variant exclusively for SoftBank Mobile ). June 2015 ; 2 years ago. June 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-06-19 ) (United Kingdom). June 2015 ; 2 years ago. July 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-07-05 ) (Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam). July 2015 ; 2 years ago. 146.3 x 71.9 x 6.9 mm (144.4 x 72.3 x 8.6mm for E6508/Z4v variant). Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A57 (2.0 GHz Qualcomm MSM8994 Octa Core). non-user removable Li-ion 2930. Multi-touch , capacitive touchscreen , proximity sensor. mm) 1080p IPS LCD. TRILUMINOS™ Display with Live Color LED. 4K ( 2160p ) video recording @ 30. frames/s ; 1080p video recording @ 60. frames/s ; 720p video recording @ 120. 5.1 MP (1080p video recording). USB 2.0 (Micro-B port, USB charging, Quick Charge 2.0). in) headphone jack , 5 pole. FDD-LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 17, 20, 21), TD-LTE (Band 38, 39, 40, 41); UMTS HSPA+ 850 (Band V), 900 (Band VIII), 1700 (Band IV), 1900 (Band II), 2100 (Band I) MHz; GSM GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 28, 40; UMTS HSPA+ 850 (Band V), 900 (Band VIII), 1900 (Band II), 2100 (Band I) MHz; GSM GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands 1, 3, 8, TD-LTE Band 41 ( SoftBank Mobile ); UMTS HSPA+ 2100 (Band I), 900 (Band VIII) MHz; GSM/GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands 1, 3, 19, 21, 28 ( NTT DoCoMo ); UMTS HSPA+ Bands 1, 5, 6, 19; GSM/GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands 1, 3, 5, 17, 26, 28, TD-LTE Band 41 ( au by KDDI ); UMTS HSPA+ Bands 1, 2, 5, 6, 19; GSM/GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900. Xperia Z4v (cancelled) [ edit ]. LTE Bands 2, 3, 4, 7, 13, 20 ( Verizon Wireless ); CDMA 1x EVDO 850 (BC0), 1900 (BC1) MHz; UMTS HSPA+ 850 (Band V), 900 (Band VIII), 1900 (Band II), 2100 (Band I) MHz; GSM GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. MP back-side illuminated sensor , LED flash. Available in black, white, copper and aqua green. IP65 / IP68 (Dust protected, Water jet protected & Waterproof). Sony Exmor R for Mobile. Sony Exmor RS for Mobile. 1/2.3 Aperture sensor. Sony BIONZ image processor. 1seg (402SO, SO-03G and SOV31 variants only). Qi / PMA wireless charging (E6508/Z4v variant only). Osaifu-Keitai (402SO, SO-03G and SOV31 variants only). POBox Plus (402SO, SO-03G and SOV31 variants only). Sony Xperia Z3+ (known as Sony Xperia Z4 in Japan) is an Android smartphone produced by Sony. Unveiled on April 20, 2015, it is an evolved version of 2014's Xperia Z3 with upgraded specifications, a thinner body and Android 5.0 "Lollipop". The phone was awarded for the best European Multimedia Smartphone for the year 2015-2016 by European Imaging and Sound Association. 4.3 Xperia Z4v (cancelled). The device was first unveiled on April 20, 2015 exclusively for release in Japan as the Xperia Z4. [3] On May 26, 2015, Sony announced an international release for the device scheduled for June; for the international release, the device was re-marketed as the Xperia Z3+. [4] On June 16, 2015, Sony announced the Xperia Z4v (E6508), a variant of the Xperia Z3+/Z4 exclusively for Verizon Wireless in the United States. However, on October 5, 2015, Sony and Verizon announced the device had been cancelled, citing stiff competition from other flagships, as well as poor launch timing with the release of its successor, the Xperia Z5 .. The Xperia Z4 first went on sale in Japan on June 10, 2015, [5] and the Xperia Z3+ first went on sale in Hong Kong on June 12, 2015. The Xperia Z3+/Z4 is nearly identical in design to its predecessor, with a metal frame and glass rear, aside from minor differences such as a slimmer and lighter build. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 of the Z3 has been replaced by a Snapdragon 810, with support for LTE Cat 6. [7] The Xperia Z3+/Z4 features a 5.2 inches (13. cm) FHD 1080p display with a density of 424 ppi, featuring Sony's "Triluminos" technology, as well as 32GB of internal storage and a non-removable 2930 mAh battery with support for Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0 standard.. The Xperia Z4 has several features not found in the Xperia Z3+, such as a 1seg DTV antenna allowing for reception of television channels broadcasting using the ISDB-T standard, as well as an Osaifu-Keitai mobile payment system using Sony FeliCa ICs .. The now-cancelled Xperia Z4v for Verizon was thicker and heavier the Xperia Z3+/Z4 due to the inclusion of Qi / PMA wireless charging. The Xperia Z4v also would have featured a WQHD 1440p touchscreen display as well as the inclusion of Verizon logos on the front and back of the phone.. The Xperia Z3+/Z4 features an "Omni-Balance" design, somewhat modified from the Xperia Z3 and more reminiscent of that of the Xperia Z2. The Xperia Z3+/Z4 features an exposed micro USB port at the bottom, the first in the Xperia Z series and the second Sony phone overall after the Xperia M4 Aqua to have such a feature. Although the micro USB port is exposed, this does not impact the phone's IP65/68 dust protection, water jet protection and waterproof rating. The Xperia Z3+/Z4 is available in four colors: black, white, copper and aqua green (Ice Green in the UK). ^ The 402SO model supports Hybrid 4G LTE using SoftBank 4G ( AXGP ) and SoftBank 4G LTE (FDD-LTE). ^ The SO-03G model supports DoCoMo Premium 4G LTE-A. ^ The SOV31 model supports au 4G LTE CA (LTE-A), au 4G LTE (FDD-LTE) and WiMax 2.1. ^ "Xperia Z3+ plus wins the best European Multimedia Smartphone". ^ "European Multimedia Smartphone 2015-2016 winner". ^ "Sony announces the Xperia Z4 flagship smartphone in Japan". Retrieved 26 May 2015. ^ "Sony's flagship Xperia Z4 goes global with the humbler title of Z3+". Retrieved 26 May 2015. ^ "Xperia Z4 released in Japan today; receives day-one update for speaker issues". Retrieved June 12, 2015. ^ "Xperia Z3 Plus now on sale in Hong Kong, launches in Taiwan on Monday". Retrieved June 13, 2015. ^ "See the Sony Xperia Z4 next to the Z3 - can you tell the difference?". Retrieved 27 May 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia Z3+ review: Hands-on with renamed Xperia Z4 adding minor upgrades". Retrieved June 6, 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia™ Z3+ dual (E6533) White Paper" (PDF). Retrieved June 6, 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia™ Z3+ (E6553) White Paper" (PDF). Retrieved June 6, 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia Z4 TD-LTE 402SO Specs". Retrieved June 6, 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia Z4 LTE-A SO-03G Specs". Retrieved June 6, 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia Z4 WiMAX 2+ SOV31 Specs". Retrieved June 6, 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia™ Z4v (E6508) White Paper" (PDF). Retrieved June 20, 2015 .. Xperia ZL , Xperia ZR , Xperia Z Ultra. Xperia Z5 Compact , Xperia Z5 Premium. Sony Xperia mobile phones. See also: List of Sony Xperia phones. X10 mini / X10 mini pro. acro HD / acro S. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Smartphones Touchscreen mobile phones Sony mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2015. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه Deutsch 한국어 Italiano Magyar 日本語 Polski Türkçe 中文. This page was last edited on 13 February 2018, at 08:06. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. PhoneArena presents a hands-on video of the Sony Xperia Z4v. -------- PhoneArena.com is your ultimate source of mobile tech news, reviews, and info. The PhoneArena YouTube channel delivers a vast range of smartphone, tablet, and accessory video reviews, in addition to regular hands-on, unboxing, and other uploads. Visit PhoneArena.com: http://www.phonearena.com/ Check out the YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/PhoneArena. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia Z4 Official Specs Announced, Xiaomi Mi 4i & Android Wear Upgrade - Android Weekly. Xperia Z4 Tablet Review - I LOVE this tablet!. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium hands-on: the first 4K display smartphone. Speed Test - Sony Xperia Z4 vs Samsung Galaxy S6. Sony Xperia Z5 Vs Sony Xperia Z4 Design & Spec Comparison 2015. Sony Xperia Z3 Plus VS LG G4 - Speed & Camera Test!. Sony Xperia Z3+ vs Samsung Galaxy S6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Vs Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Quick Look!. Schannel - Mở hộp Sony Xperia Z4 : Đẹp không tưởng. Sony Xperia XZ2 Hands-On: Sony's got a new design!. Sony Xperia M4 Aqua - Coca-Cola Test! (4K). 7 Reasons NOT to Buy the HTC One M9!. 5 Smartphones That Broke Guinness World Records. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=4834. 1440 x 2560 pixels 565 ppi. Type: LCD (TFT/TFD) IPS, Sony Triluminos. 3000 mAh LiIon Non-removable Talk: 29 hours max. MSM8994 octa-core, 64-bit 3 GB RAM. 32 GB raw hardware 21 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 20+ megapixel Sony Exmor RS sensor, f/2.0 Sony G lens, LED flash, auto-focus HDR, panorama, red-eye reduction, smile detection Video: 4K UHD. 5.69 x 2.85 x 0.34 in. 144 x 72 x 8.6 mm. Rating: M4, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Version(s): 802.11 a,ac,b,g,n with MIMO. Type: Capacitive with glove mode. Card Type: microSD up to 128 GB. Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This update to the Z3v sports a sharper display and an updated design that's waterproof without port covers. Other features of this top-end Android flagship phone include a premium aluminum-and-glass design, 20-megapixel camera with 4K video capture, fast charging, wireless charging, and a memory card slot.. LTE 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 13 / 20. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 5 / 8. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. band 8 (VIII) / 900 MHz. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Hands On with the Sony Xperia Z4v for Verizon. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. Verizon Sony Xperia Z4v Axed, Extending Sony's U.S. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. Sony and Verizon cancelled the company's latest U.S. flagship, and there are no plans for the Z5 series in the U.S., either.. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page. Sony Mobile makes really nice phones. Sony and Verizon jointly cancelled the Xperia Z4v today; this was supposed to be the only U.S. version of Sony's mid-2015 flagship, which came out in some of the world as the Z3+ and in some of the world as the Z4. The joint statements were entirely anodyne and didn't commit Verizon to ever launching any Sony phones.. "Verizon will no longer be launching Xperia Z4v, however we are committed to supporting Sony Mobile's product portfolio and will support existing products. Sony is a strategic partner as we continue having ongoing discussions together as part of our future portfolio," Verizon said.. "Sony Mobile and Verizon Wireless have made the decision not to introduce Xperia Z4v to the US market. Sony Mobile remains dedicated to the US market and aims to build a sound and stable business in this region. Verizon is a strategic partner as we continue having ongoing discussions together as part of our future portfolio," Sony said.. From what I hear, the decision was jointly made because the Z4v had been stalled in back-and-forths between Verizon and Sony for too long, and because Sony's flagship is now the Z5 series and it would be kind of embarrassing for Verizon to release a Z4 when Sony's focus is on the Z5.. Let us note "no announcements have been made about U.S. availability at this time regarding the Xperia Z5 series," according to Sony.. Sony's Ongoing Fail Sony makes excellent. last effort with Verizon, the Xperia Z3v , a stunning 4.5. The Z3 on T-Mobile also got 4.5 stars. From a purely consumer perspective, there is absolutely nothing wrong with Sony's phones.. Hands On With the Sony Xperia Z5. Hands On With the Sony Xperia Z5. Sony's global market share hasn't broken 5 percent since 2012, according to market share numbers on Statista , which has led to wild strategic swerves. In February, Sony's CEO Kaz Hirai said it would "no longer pursue sales growth in smartphones" but. by July, the head of Sony's mobile business sang a very different tune .. Where some manufacturers, like Huawei, are putting their chips on the growth of an unlocked market in the U.S., Sony tried that years ago and has been dialing back rather than moving forward. The company does sell its Xperia C4 and M4 Aqua phones direct and unlocked through sonymobile.com and Best Buy, but the six-month-old Z3+ is still listed as "Coming Soon.". Android 6.0 Marshmallow Rolling Out to Nexus Devices. Android 6.0 Marshmallow Rolling Out to Nexus Devices. PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 13 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, hosts our One Cool Thing daily Web show, and writes opinions on tech and society.. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. Hands On With the LG V30S+ ThinQ. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. McAfee Brings Voice-Activated Security to Amazon Alexa. McAfee, Samsung Partner On Built-In Security, VPN for Galaxy S9. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for sony xperia z4. All Listings - Current page. results for sony xperia z4. Save sony xperia z4 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow sony xperia z4 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. New in Sealed Box Sony Xperia Z3+ Plus Z4 E6553 32GB 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z4 (GSM Unlocked)Smart phone Cell Phone AT&T T-Mobile Waterproof 32GB. Original SONY Xperia Z4 z3+Plus E6553 Factory Unlocked Octa Core 32GB smartphone. Hybrid ARMOR SHOCKPROOF KICKSTAND RUGGED RUBBER SOFT Case For Sony Xperia Phones. Sony Xperia Phone Cover Case Accessories Leather Suede Synthetic. Unlocked 5'' Sony Ericsson Xperia Z 4G LTE C6603 16GB 13MP Smartphone Waterproof. Sony Xperia Z4 (GSM Unlocked)Smart phone Cell Phone AT&T T-Mobile Waterproof 32GB. Sony Xperia Z4 Z3+ Quad-core Android WIFI GPS 3G&4G 5.2" 20.7MP 3GB RAM 32GB ROM. 5.2'' Sony Ericssion XPERIA Z3+ Z4 E6553 32GB 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone White. 6 new & refurbished from $195.83. Original Sony Xperia Z4 5.2" 3GB 32GB WiFi GPS 20.7MP 3G&4G Unlocked Cellphone. Sony Ericsson Xperia Z 4G LTE C6603 16 GB 13.1MP Unlocked Smartphone - 3 Colors. Docomo Xperia Z4 SO-03G Copper Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. SONY XPERIA Z4V / Sony Xperia Z4 E6508 32GB 4G ROM 32GB Octa-core 20MP 5.2". Docomo Xperia Z4 SO-03G White Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. LEATHER BELT CLIP HOLSTER FOR SONY XPERIA Z4v FIT BODY GLOVE SHOCKSUIT CASE ON. CoverON for Sony Xperia Z4v - Faux Leather Wallet Pouch Flip Phone Cover Case. Sony Ericssion XPERIA Z4 E6553 32GB GSM 3G 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone (Gold). AU KDDI SONY SOV31 XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN BLACK NEW. Sony Ericsson XPERIA Z 4G C6603- 16GB 13.1MP - Purple (Unlocked) IP57 Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $93.98. Sony Xperia Z4 Z3+ Plus E6553 E6533 3G+32GB 4G Unlocked 20.7MP 5.2" Octa-core. DOCOMO SONY SO-03G XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED NEW JAPAN BLACK. Sony Ericssion Xperia Z (4G LTE) C6603 16GB - BLACK Unlocked Android Cell Phone. AU KDDI SONY SOV31 XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN AQUA NEW. Gold LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer For Sony Xperia Z3 Plus Z4 E6553 + Cover. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer For Sony Xperia Z4 Z3 Plus E6533 E6553 +Tools. Docomo Xperia Z4 SO-03G Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Brand New Sony Xperia Z3+ Z4 E6533 DUAL SIM 32G 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z4/Z3+ SOV31 (GSM Unlocked) Japanese Model 32GB 5.2" 20.7MP 3GB RAM. Sony Xperia Z4 (Z3+) 32GB SOV31 unlocked phone, US Seller, good condition!. 32GB Factory Unlocked SONY Xperia Z4 Z3+ Plus E6553 Smartphone LTE Multi-Color. New Sony Xperia Z3+ Plus Z4 E6553 32GB 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone in Sealed Box. DOCOMO SONY SO-03G XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED NEW JAPAN COPPER. DOCOMO SONY SO-03G XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED NEW JAPAN WHITE. AU KDDI SONY SOV31 XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN COPPER NEW. DOCOMO SONY SO-03G XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED NEW JAPAN AQUA. AU KDDI SONY SOV31 XPERIA Z4 ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN WHITE NEW. Original SONY Xperia Z4 z3+Plus E6553 smartphone Factory Unlocked Octa Core 20MP. Skinomi Gold Carbon Fiber Skin+Clear Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z3+ (Z4). XL LEATHER BELT CLIP HOLSTER FOR SONY XPERIA Z4v FITS A HYBRID CASE ON PHONE. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Guard For Sony Xperia Models. For Sony Xperia XZ XR X XA Premium XA1 Performance E5 C6 C5 C4 Z5 Z4 ultra Compa. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 1-3 Days Priority Available + US LOCATION. "FREE SHIPPING * USA SELLER * SATISFACTION GUARANTEED". Customs services and international tracking provided. 1-3 Days Priority Available + US LOCATION. US Seller! For Xperia Z3 Z4 Z5 M4 M5 C4 C5 T2 T3 etc.. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis. Verizon cancels the Sony Xperia Z4v launch in the US. Verizon cancels the Sony Xperia Z4v launch in the US. By Ryan Whitwam on October 6, 2015 at 7:30 am. This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. More phones have died in development than have probably ever been released, but this usually happens early on in the process. They don’t have names, final hardware configurations, and they’re almost ever announced or manufactured. That’s what happened with the Sony Xperia Z4v, though. Verizon and Sony announced this phone back in June , and there was supposed to be a big marketing push over the summer. However, that never happened, and now Verizon has announced the phone is not coming out at all.. Sony doesn’t have many inroads among US carriers, but Verizon has thrown the OEM a bone on occasion. The Z4v was being positioned as a gaming-centric phone with a PlayStation 4 tie-in. Apparently that was a good enough angle for Verizon to support the development of this custom device, which was distinct from the international Z4 (known as the Z3+ in some markets). The Z4v was slated to have a 5.2-inch 1440p LCD, an octa-core Snapdragon 810 SoC, a 3000mAh battery, and 32GB of storage with a microSD card slot. It would also have had Sony’s hallmark water-resistant design and 20.7MP Exmor camera sensor.. Both Verizon and Sony had landing pages for the Z4v, but they’ve now been replaced with vague notices about the decision to cancel the phone. Here’s Verizon’s official statement, posted to its blog .. Verizon will no longer be launching Xperia Z4v, however we are committed to supporting Sony Mobile’s product portfolio and will support existing products. Sony is a strategic partner as we continue having ongoing discussions together as part of our future portfolio. The thing is, we know at least some units were produced. There was even a YouTube video of someone reviewing the phone (since removed). It looked more or less finished, so why cancel it? It’s possible problems with manufacturing caused enough of a delay that Verizon opted to cancel the phone rather than release it when Sony was focusing on newer phones. The device should have been out months ago, and Sony’s Xperia Z5 line was announced in the interim. The Z5, which isn’t for sale in the US yet, adds features like a fingerprint sensor, improved camera, and an optional 4K display variant. Verizon may also have simply gotten cold feet because it feared the Z4v wouldn’t be competitive in its lineup.. I’m not sure who was really excited for this phone, though. It didn’t really offer anything distinctive at a time when selling premium smartphones is getting increasingly difficult.. This is definitely a blow for Sony in the US. Verizon is the only carrier that has consistently offered its devices, with T-Mobile merely dabbling every few generations. Verizon’s very noncommittal statement about working with Sony in the future does not fill me with hope. Still, it’s possible Big Red will decide to release some variant of the Xperia Z5 in the coming months. As long as Sony doesn’t announce. the Z6 in the meantime, Verizon could probably sell that one.. Sony could simply produce the phones and sell them unlocked via places like Amazon. It worked well enough for the Zenfone 2.. I suppose they don’t want to offend Verizon though.. Here is something to pay attention , a great opportunity for work for those who want to use their free time to make money using their computers… I have been doing this since last two years and I am making 40 to 70 dollars per hour … In the last week I have made 12,245 for almost 18 hours sitting ….. ?There are no special skills required just basic typing and an internet connection ….. ?There are no time constraints … You may do this any time when you are free ….. ?Here is what I’ve been doing….. I would love for Sony to release an unlocked Xperia compact thats compatable with Verizon’s network.. I would so jump on that. Well I got the Z3 a few months ago and its a wonderful phone. I do wonder if they fix the overheating issue when shooting video in 4k.. This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox.. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.. 25 Best Android Tips to Make Your Phone More Useful. ET Deals Roundup: $22 Qi Car Charger Mount, Dell 512GB SSD Laptop for $580, and more. How Does AMD’s New Ryzen 5 2400G Fare Against Intel in GPGPU Compute?. Intel Didn’t Disclose Spectre, Meltdown to US Government Until News Went Public. Blizzard Drops New Warcraft III Patch, Tourney, as Rumors of a Remaster Spread. © 1996-2018 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group ExtremeTech is among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=15999. Hands On with the Sony Xperia Z4v for Verizon. @rbrome updated Jun 19, 2015, 2:43 PM. Sony, as a company, is having a prolonged rough patch in the US phone market these days, but when they do get a phone to market here, they're often quiet gems. Sony is particularly skilled at crafting phones with premium materials and build quality. They're also good at leveraging their own Sony sensors to produce unusually powerful cameras. The Z4v replaces last year's Z3v in Verizon's lineup. It updates the specs in expected areas, but what's it like in person? Read on for our impressions.. The Z4v is based on the Z4, Sony's current global flagship. The Z4v has a design that's pretty, premium, and practical. The front and back are all glass, while the sides are metal. This is a common formula in flagship phones these days, owing the premium feel of metal and glass. Just as important is the fact that glass doesn't block the many radio antennas - and wireless charging coil - the way a metal back might. The shape is classic of Sony these days, with a gentle rounding on the sides that makes it comfortable to old.. The key innovation in the design is easy to miss: it's the thin, glossy plastic band that separates each glass panel from the metal. It provides critical resiliency at the corners and edges, where a drop might damage metal or glass. The plastic also softens corners where metal might feel too sharp. Yet the clever design tricks you into feeling only metal and glass when you pick it up.. It feels as nice as it looks. The size is good for a modern flagship phone. A curved back would help it feel thinner, but it doesn't feel as thick as it looks. I expect most people will like the size and not mind that it's a bit thicker than Samsung's Galaxy S6.. The side buttons are unusually placed, but well-made and work well. Metal buttons with a small chamfer - like these - are pretty much my favorite. There is a dedicated camera buttons, and it's also a pleasure to use. The volume button is small and placed low on the phone. However the placement is not hard to reach; it's something you might get used to after a week or so.. Sony is big on waterproofing its phones, and the Z4v is no exception. The Z4v has no port covers; both the headset and micro-USB jacks are exposed and can get wet without issue. The card tray on the side has a gasketed cover, which is fine.. The SIM card and memory card both go in one combo tray that pulls out from the side. Pulling out the SIM card can require restarting the phone to get everything working properly again. With the combo tray design, that means inserting or removing a memory card may require a reboot.. The display is exceptionally sharp and plenty bright.. The Android 5 software - tweaked by Sony - looks nice and works well. Most of the interface is familiar, modern Android. The notification shade and quick settings are basically standard Android. Between Sony and Verizon, there's a lot of extra apps added. But at least the Sony ones are pretty, and most work well. Performance was excellent in our brief tests with standard included apps.. The camera software is the star of the show. It launches and snaps photos very quickly. The shooting modes are extensive and advanced. The settings panel could be better, but it's not awful.. The specs are top-end and include a 20-megapixel camera, Quad-HD display, Snapdragon 810 processor, 3 GB of RAM... it doesn't get higher-end than this. There's also every conceivable feature, including NFC, wireless charging, stereo speakers, and even MirrorLink.. The only thing anyone might possibly miss is a removable battery. But the built-in battery is ample at 3,000 mAh (18% larger than the Galaxy S6.) It's also easy to charge, with both wired fast charging and dual-standard wireless charging.. If you're considering a Galaxy S6, this is shaping up to be a worthy competitor. These two phones are going head-to-head in 2015. If you're concerned about the mediocre battery life of the S6, or not having a memory card slot, the Z4v should be at the top of your list. You do lose the fingerprint reader and infrared, but you gain waterproofing and a higher-resolution camera. Of course you'll need to be with Verizon, and unfortunately you'll have to wait until some time "this summer".. Verizon to Sell Sony Xperia Z4v This Summer. Verizon Wireless and Sony today announced the Xperia Z4v, a modified version of the Xperia Z3+/Z4 that will be exclusive to Verizon Wireless. The device has most of the same specifications, but makes several key changes.. Sony Xperia Phones Can Now Broadcast Games to Twitch. Sony today announced a new partnership with Twitch that will let select Xperia smartphones broadcast gameplay directly to Twitch. Twitch has allowed Android devices to view gameplay before, Sony's Xperia Z3+, Xperia Z4, and Xperia Z4v smartphones, and the Xperia Z4 Tablet can now push Android games to Twitch live.. Sony to Shutter Online Store August 28. Sony is telling visitors to its online web store that the site will cease taking orders and shut down on August 28. Sony's web store is one of just a handful of places to purchase its Xperia-branded smartphones in the U.S.. Verizon Backs Out of Commitment to Sell Sony Xperia Z4v. Verizon Wireless today said it no longer plans to sell the Sony Xperia Z4v. The company announced the phone in the spring with an expected summer launch.. Sony Says Next Xperia Will Offer 'Greater Focus'. Sony took to Twitter to tease a new Xperia-branded handset. "Get ready for a smartphone with greater focus," said the company.. 3 GB RAM 3,000 mAh battery. Water-Resistant, Wireless Charging, NFC, Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Memory Card Slot. Even if they just released the Z3 Compact on ANY carrier in the US it would be nice to have an option of a less-large phone...that said, Sony still is a great choice if your hands can manage it.... Personally, I agree! The Z4v is a hair shorter than the Z3v, but it's still larger than I would like. I was surprised at how not-huge it felt in person.. I bought my Z3 Compact directly from Sony back in the Fall and I love it. I am using AT&T but I assume it would be just as good on T-Mobile. As for no US carrier selling them...well, they all seem to be switching their business model away from subs... Any rumblings of the Z4 comign to Sprint?. Lots of rumors last year, but nothing came to fruition. Hopefully this year...and I agree, a Z4c would be nice.. I don't think the galaxy s6 battery life is mediocre at all. I can make it through a work day with Bluetooth on (because I have a Smartwatch) and still have 35 to 40% battery life remaining and that's also with pretty heavy use(Internet and game playing, wife texting me etc.). Then the S6 battery life was designed for you! There's nothing wrong with that. In our tests, the S6 battery life was below-average. In other words, it was mediocre compared to most other phones on the market. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Sony Xperia Z4v Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Octa-Core (1.5 GHz Quad-Core Cortex-A53 + 2 GHz Quad Core Cortex A57). Memory : 3GB, 1600 MHz. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.2 QHD Display. Camera Overview : 20.7 Megapixels / 5 Megapixels. OS Version : Android 5.0.2 Lollipop. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). CPU – Octa-Core (1.5 GHz Quad-Core Cortex-A53 + 2 GHz Quad Core Cortex A57). Chipset – Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 (64-bit). Camera – 20.7 Megapixel With LED Flash | 5 Megapixel Front camera. Memory – RAM-3GB | ROM 32GB with microSD card slot up to 256GB. Display – Screen size 5.2 inches QHD (2560 x 1440 Pixels) Display. SIM – Single SIM (Nano) SIM Smartphone. Support 2G/3G/4G Networks with HSUPA 5.76 Mbps, HSDPA 42.2 Mbps. LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. Sensors – Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light, Compass, Gyroscope, Barometer. Operating System – Android 5.0.2 Lollipop. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fast battery charging: 60% in 30 min (Quick Charge 2.0). IP68 certified – dust proof and water resistant. Clear Audio+ & S-Force Sound Technology. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 44.4 x 72.3 x 8.7 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone.. IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen, 16M colors. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera.. Dual Camera Setup (One Front + One Rear). Auto Focus, HDR for Photos, Image Stabiliser, Geo-tagging, Red-eye Reduction, Camera Apps (Sound Photo, AR Mask, Style Portrait), Digital Zoom - 4x, LED Flash Support, Sony Exmor RS, SteadyShot. Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment.. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes, Supports MP3, SMF, WAV, OTA, OGG, Vorbis, AMR, FLAC, ASF. Yes, Supports 3GPP, MP4, VP8, VP9, ASF, AVI, FLV, Full HD. Yes 3D Surround Sound Technology (VPT), Clear Audio+, xLoud Experience, Clear Bass, Manual Equaliser. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac Yes USB, Also Wi-fi Hotspot. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. up to 150 Mbps Download 50 Mbps Upload. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Yes Push Mail, MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Time interval between charging a battery from 0 to 100%. Up to 15 Hours in 3G. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. Xperia Z4v Handset, USB Charger, Battery, User Manual, Warranty Card.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from Sony. Sony Xperia Z Smartphone Full Specification. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Smartphone Full Specification. Sony Xperia XA2 Smartphone Full Specification. Sony Xperia L1 Smartphone Full Specification. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Smartphone Full Specification. Sony Xperia XA1 Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 7 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950F Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Oct 5, 2015 3:48 PM by Ann154. Will the Sony Xperia z4v launch soon?. LeonGehste May 12, 2016 8:48 AM. Tags: none ( add ). Has there been any info on the release of Sony Xperia z4v? I'd like to know since I'll soon be getting a new phone and wanted the Xperia Zv3 but I saw that the Xperia Z4v been announced and kinda want that, but while looking for a new phone i also been searching about VR then came across the Gear VR and and it requires the Samsung Galaxy S6. If the Xperia Z4v is released really soon I'll wait but is there any info about?. This content has been marked as final.. Show 6 replies. ( in response to LeonGehste ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). It never hurts to ask about upcoming devices, LeonGehste.. If we have information we will always “share with the rest of the class.” Alas, we do not have any details about Verizon Wireless releasing the Sony Xperia z4v.. There is an email newsletter that one can sign up for “the latest information on products.” Here is a link to sign up for this: http://spr.ly/6585ByHUt. VR certainly is the cutting edge of mobile capabilities, and right now the Samsung Galaxy S6 seems to be the way to go for VR. DavidH_VZW Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport If my response answered your question please click the �Correct Answer� button under my response. This ensures others can benefit from our conversation. Thanks in advance for your help with this!!. ( in response to LeonGehste ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Confirmed: The Z4V Launch Delayed, Z3V Lollipop Upgrade Still Up in the Air | The Verge. ( in response to LeonGehste ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). There's a much longer (but also unanswered) discussion of this very topic elsewhere on the board, here: Was the Sony Xperia z4v canceled?. ( in response to LeonGehste ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Experience the Freedom to Play with Sony’s Xperia® Z4v Smartphone Coming to the United States Exclusively on Verizon Wir…. ( in response to jrosen9 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). ( in response to LeonGehste ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). You are going to have a long wait. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. There is much to love about the Sony Xperia Z4v running Android 5.0 Lollipop OS. The device is built with a 5.2-inch display, a 1440x2560p resolution and a 565ppi index. Powering it from within is a 2GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor with 3GB of RAM and the Adreno 430 GPU. Its internal storage capacity is 32GB with an option to expand this by up to 128GB through the use of a microSD card. Photos may be captured from the 20.7MP rear-facing sensor or the 5MP camera in front. The camera on the back can also record videos with 4K quality. Thanks to a non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh battery included in the back of the phone, it is able to last up to 17 hours of talk time. Color options for the Xperia Z4v include black or white.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on Sony LA-EA3 A-Mount Adapter.. Limited Time Offer on Sony STRDN1080 7.2 Channel Dolby Atmos Home Theater AV Receiver.. Limited Time Offer on Sony CT800 Powerful sound bar with 4K HDR and Google Home Support (2017 model).. Limited Time Offer on Save on Sony SSCS3.. Limited Time Offer on Sony UBP-X800 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Player (2017 Model).. Limited Time Offer on Save on Sony SSCS8.. Limited Time Offer on Sony XBR55X900E 55-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV (2017 Model).. Limited Time Offer on Sony STRDH130 2 Channel Stereo Receiver (Black).. Limited Time Offer on Sony STRDH550 5.2 Channel 4K AV Receiver.. Limited Time Offer on Sony CT290 Ultra-slim 300W Sound Bar with Bluetooth (2017 model).. LG Connect 4G Kyocera Presto Kyocera Torino LG Beacon. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 14 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 11 hours ago. 1 week 10 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Sony Sony Xperia Z4v. Sony Xperia Z4v Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Sony brings you innovation and style packed in their new device Xperia Z4v. A 2G, 3G, and 4G networks supported Sony Xperia Z4v is a Nano SIM integrat ... GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600),. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps,. 144.4 x 72.3 x 8.7 mm (5.69 x 2.85 x 0.34 in). - IP68 certified - dust proof and water resistant. over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 1440 x 2560 pixels (~565 ppi pixel density). Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2. 20.7 MP, 5248 х 3936 pixels, autofocus, LED. 1/2.3'' sensor size, geo-tagging, touch focus,. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct,. microUSB v2.0 (MHL 3 TV-out), USB Host. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging: 60% in 30 min (Quick. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Up to 590 h (2G) / Up to 580 h (3G). Up to 17 h (2G) / Up to 20 h (3G). I got the bets experience form the device of Sony xperai z4v that gives the bets support to wifi signals and get easily download the everything in it. I have Sony Xperia Z 2 its result is mind blowing i love i like only Sony. Sony Zpeira Z4V the smartphone which can give the best features you need so you could easily manage your applications what you need to install in it. While I am using the smart phones so far I am using only this brand mobile of sonny xperia who provide me the best quality mobile phones. Sony Xperia Z4v Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Sony brings you innovation and style packed in their new device Xperia Z4v. A 2G, 3G, and 4G networks supported Sony Xperia Z4v is a Nano SIM integrated device. The best thing is that this phone is protected by various technologies dustproof and water proof, Scratch-resistant glass, Oleophobic coating, X-Reality Engine, and Triluminos display. This Sony Xperia Z4v sports a 5.2 inches screen size that gives you wide screen luxury to enjoy, reading, texting, watching movies and lot more with the resolution of 1440 x 2560 pixels resolutions. Running on latest Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) this phone comes with Quad core processor and Snapdragon 810 chipset. This sounds pretty impressive from user’s perspective as the device is fully upgraded. There is a 3 GB RAM enabling high and faster performance without being stuck or heat up. The internal memory of Sony Xperia Z4v is also impressive with 32 GB and micro SD card extends it to 128 GB. The camera of Sony Xperia Z4v comes with high quality 20.7 MP with auto focus, and LED Flash. It features geo-tagging, touch focus; face detection, HDR, and panorama to give you quality images. You can click selfies with 5.1 MP camera and video recording at high definition [email. protected] Incredible and revolutionary for Sony camera fans! The battery of 3000 mAh is sufficient for chatter boxes to enjoy talk time of 20 hours on 3G. The price of Sony Xperia Z4v in Pakistan will be high and market based targeting high end Sony users!. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Karachi Kings Case for iPho .. M2 - Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 .. HBS 730 - Wireless Neckband .. Vintage Leather Case For Sa .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. OtterBox Defender Case for Sony Xperia Z4V - Retail Packaging - Black. on orders over $25—or get FREE Two-Day Shipping with Amazon Prime. Free 5-8 business-day shipping within the U.S. when you order $25 of eligible items sold or fulfilled by Amazon.. Or get 4-5 business-day shipping on this item for $5.99. (Prices may vary for AK and HI.). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by SkylinkMan and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Robust, 3-layer protective case withstands drops, bumps and shock.. Built-in screen protector guards against scratches.. Port covers keep out dust and debris.. Belt-clip holster included that doubles as a kickstand for hand-free media viewing.. Includes OtterBox 1-year case warranty (see website for details) and 100% authentic. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. OtterBox Defender Case for Sony Xperia Z3V - Retail Packaging - Black (Black/Black). Xperia Z3 Case, Extreme Hard Military Heavy Aluminum Metal Armor Tank Gorilla Glass Shockproof Rainproof Water Resistant Weatherproof Acoustic Port Protection Cover Case For Sony Xperia Z3 L55. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for iPhone 8 Plus & iPhone 7 Plus (ONLY) - Retail Packaging - BLACK. OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for iPhone 8 Plus & iPhone 7 Plus (ONLY) - Frustration Free Packaging - BOREALIS (TEMPEST BLUE/AQUA MINT). OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for LG V20 - Retail Packaging - BLACK. OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES Case for iPhone 8 & iPhone 7 (NOT Plus) - Retail Packaging - BLACK. OtterBox DEFENDER SERIES for Samsung Galaxy S6 - Retail Packaging - Black. OtterBox 77-54268 DEFENDER SERIES Case for Google Pixel XL (5.5" VERSION ONLY) - Retail Packaging - BLACK. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. OtterBox Defender Case for Sony Xperia Z3V - Retail Packaging - Black (Black/Black). Supershieldz for Sony Xperia Z3v Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Defender Series for Song Xperia Z4v. Building protective cases is what we do at OtterBox. But, we give you so much more than a case.. Every case we make delivers premium quality and ultimate protection. Plus, you get world-class customer service and our industry-leading warranty.. Defend your device from drops, dirt and daily adventures. Defender Series for Song Xperia Z4v. Rugged and robust, Defender Series for Sony Xperia Z4v fortifies your device with two ultra-tough layers that guard against drops, falls, dirt, and daily bumps. Plus, the built-in screen film adds a third layer of protection to prevent display scratches to your vivid touchscreen. And the included holster gives you the quick draw on calls and extra protection while on the go. Make sure your Xperia survives all your experiences with Defender Series from OtterBox.. Defender Series is your phone’s first line of defense against drops, falls, impacts and the rugged world outside.. Built-in screen protector safeguards your touchscreen from the scratches and scuffs of daily phone use.. Port plugs lock out dust, dirt and grime so your device stays clean and debris free from pocket to pavement.. A high-impact polycarbonate shell, synthetic rubber exterior slipcover and built-in screen protector combine to protect your device from harm.. What’s in the Box — Includes Everything You Need! — Protecting Your Mobile World. Defender Series shields your device with three ultra-tough layers and uncompromising protection.. Detailed, step-by-step instructions are included so you can install your case with ease.. Our 1-year warranty covers material and workmanship defects for one year from the original purchase date. Rest assured, this is 100% authentic OtterBox.. Have questions about your case, your warranty or our other products? Our customer service team is here to help.. OtterBox Defender Case for Sony Xperia Z4V - Retail Packaging - Black. OtterBox Defender Case for Sony Xperia Z3V - Retail Packaging - Black (Black/Black). Xperia Z3 Case, Extreme Hard Military Heavy Aluminum Metal Armor Tank Gorilla Glass Shockproof Rainproof Water Resistant Weatherproof Acoustic Port Protection Cover Case For Sony Xperia Z3 L55. Case for Sony Xperia Z Ultra Case Cover DK-HS. The OtterBox Defender Series case for Sony Xperia Z4V provides heavy duty protection against drops, dust and damage without taking away from the usability of your phone's features. The Defender Series case offers triple-layer protection and is built from a high-impact polycarbonate shell, durable silicone slipcover and a built-in screen protector, making it one of the toughest cases on the market. Why else do you think we called it the Defender Series?. 7.5 x 4.3 x 1.7 inches. 7.2 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). Item can be shipped within U.S. This item is not eligible for international shipping. #704,249 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #325,781 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Cases > Cases. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 88% 4 star 12% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Very intense (and bulky) protection for your phone. Vine Customer Review of Free Product ( What's this? ). You should make sure you know what you are getting when you buy this. It is the top of the line protection for your phone, but the cost is a very bulky case, and a plastic screen on the front that isn't like the ones that you stick completely up against your screen - I find it kind of annoying and too thick. However, I think for what this is, it does exactly what it is supposed to do so it is hard to rank it down for things I don't personally like when it is doing what it says it will do, which is to provide very strong protection for your phone. It seems like an ideal option for someone that works a rough and tough job or is extremely clumsy or had a bunch of kids running around and you need major protection. I actually do not need something this rugged and I didn't quite realize what I was getting when I got it and then decided it wasn't suitable for me, and I got a slimmer case and gave this one to my husband who likes it better and feels like it is worth the bulk. If you aren't familiar with this kind of case, try to look at it in the store before you get it so you realize what you are getting. Overall, it does just what it says it does very well. I would recommend to someone who needs this level of phone protection.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great New Clip Design. Vine Customer Review of Free Product ( What's this? ). They seem to have redesigned the holster and I like it much better. You simply snap it in and pop it out. There are little bumps in the top half that engage with the detents at 2 points on the case. It work soooo much better than the old style clip with release lever. The case itself shows good fit and form. The buttons are pretty easy to press thru the case. The camera button is not my favorite but it works just fine. The power cable port takes a good fingernail to open, but does a good job of keeping the port clean of dust and debris. Installing the phone was pretty straight forward. The hard inner shell and the soft rubber outer shell. If you are familiar with OtterBox you will know how to assemble it. The screen protector is as good as was expected. It has good touch response and protects the screen well. Overall I am pleased with the case and it looks nice on my phone too. Defender cases do add a bit of bulk, but if you need the protection like I do then they are worth it.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Highest lefel of protection. Vine Customer Review of Free Product ( What's this? ). If you’re looking for the case with the most protection. If you don’t work in an area where you need such protection, or you’re not really rough on phones, then OtterBox makes other cases which may work better for you, and be less “bulky”. But for construction, anything with a lot of dust and grime, then this is the one. There is a built-in screen protector, so you don’t have to worry about purchasing that separately. The screen protector is very responsive, with no “lag”. The current price is also lower than Defender cases for other phone models. So overall, if you need the most protection. then this is certainly the case you want.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Beefy, bulletproof protection. Vine Customer Review of Free Product ( What's this? ). OtterBox cases have a solid reputation of protecting phones like no others. They make a few different lines of cases to cater to specific needs (ie: slimmer profile, more durable, etc.). The Defender series is built to protect. It's not designed to be slim and in a lot of cases it's not even designed to be aesthetically pleasing. This case is built like a tank. As you can see from the photos, the case is quite stout and covers every exposed area of the phone, right down to the built in screen protector. Edges are raised a substantial amount to ensure nothing within reason is coming into contact with your screen should your phone get dropped or otherwise abused. This case fits the Z4V like a glove. Button and screen responsiveness are decent and the belt holster is of course a perfect fit. Buying a case, then trying to find a way to attach your phone in said case onto your belt is a pain. Otterbox takes the annoyance out of this by custom building a belt holster for these cases. All in all a great product. If you're looking for superior protection in a non-flashy case and aren't concerned about keeping it slim, look no further.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Very good durable case.. Vine Customer Review of Free Product ( What's this? ). The OtterBox Defender Series case for Sony Xperia Z4V is a great phone case. It is really a heavy duty cover which will definitely protect the phone against drops, scuffs and other types of damage however it is a bit too big for my liking. The case is made of a polycarbonate shell with a silicone slipcover with a screen protector. It may be one of the toughest cases you can get, however, like I said it does make your phone heftier to carry. Otherwise a very good, durable quality case!. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best protection for your phone. Vine Customer Review of Free Product ( What's this? ). I always get a new OtterBox case as soon as I get a new phone. My phones have been dropped, kicked, sat on, you name it, and my phones have always survived with no damage. A friend of mine recently picked up the Sony Xperia and he works in construction, so I knew he needed this. I now have an Otterbox on all my devices and they have yet to let me down. Some devices we have owned for over 3 years and upon taking off the case, they still look brand new. I won't use anything else until my kiddos are older and can handle these things more carefully. I still cringe a bit when I see my very expensive and very shiny gadget falling to the floor, but it is well protected with the OtterBox Defender. It's been dropped from as high as 4 feet, and though I don't dare do it myself, I've seen video reviews of it being dropped from 3 stories and then being run over by a car with no damage to the phone. Just want to point out, this case is NOT waterproof, but it will protect it from minor spills. My phone has been drenched more than once and come out completely dry. The case seems complicated when you first look at it, but it's actually really simple to put on and also to take off, IF you know how to do it, meaning your kids will have no idea how to get it off. Love the built in screen protector also. Keeps moisture out and no annoying bubbles to deal with! Can't recommend enough for all your gadgets.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Great otter box case for phone, offers style and a lot of durability and protection in it's thick shell case. 5.0 out of 5 stars Lots of defense on Sony Xperia Z4V. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. It's a Defender case but not as bulky as some of the other Otterbox's I've seen. It fits well and honestly is such great protection, even at the cost, that it's worth it. 5.0 out of 5 stars Defender says it all.. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. This is bulky and plastic, but it works great for protection. This is a high quality protector that's a good fit for your Sony Xperia. 5.0 out of 5 stars Definitely recommended protection. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. The OtterBox Defender is a very strong, durable case that it good at protecting against drops and other impacts. 4.0 out of 5 stars Strong Case. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. The whole Otterbox series are smartly designed. It is solid and built to defend against "daily adventures. 5.0 out of 5 stars Worth the defending. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. OtterBox! I've been a fan for years. OtterBox has saved my phone's life so many times. The level of protection is unmatched by any other case, hands down. 5.0 out of 5 stars OtterBox Defender. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. Otter Box is a brand you can trust to protect your electronics. In our house we have Otter Box cases on all our phones and tablets. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great case. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. I love the defender series from OtterBox! This case is so durable it's ridiculous. I dropped my phone down a few steps and they were concrete so I thought for sure at least the... 5.0 out of 5 stars I love the defender series from OtterBox. Vine Customer Review of Free Product. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
