Please help us improve our website. Take our customer survey to evaluate your visit.. It should only take a few minutes to answer five quick questions. Just click the Launch survey button at the end of your visit to begin.. Explore the world of Sony Apps and Services.. Your ticket to the biggest hits and hottest shows. Personalize your Xperia®, keep it safe, and more. A new chapter of premium performance from Xperia. Xperia X Performance Design Sophisticated touch. Hold Xperia X Performance and you’ll know it’s beyond the ordinary – with a curved display and a seamless metal back. Choose Graphite Black or White for an exclusive hairline finish.. Designed for comfort and to impress from every angle, with its rounded glass edges, seamless brushed metal back, and form fitting 5” display. The user interface has also been updated to be more in tune with you, both in looks and responsiveness.. Xperia X Performance has a tone-on-tone approach, with countinuous colour on front and back and a lock screen in the same hue.. It's only water Sony’s water resistant* design takes the worry out of wet. A little water shouldn't be a big deal. Xperia® X performance is built to withstand the splashes that are a part of everday life. So you can relax about sudden spills or unexpected showers.. Streaming in the fast lane Uninterrupted entertainment with the fastest connectivity. Whether its streaming comedy on Netflix or downloading your favorite podcast, you don’t want to wait to be entertained. With the latest Snapdragon 820 processor, and a seamless network experience, Xperia X Performance delivers you the media you’re in the mood for with blazing-fast processing speed and real-time high-definition graphics.. The supercharged Snapdragon 820™ processor and Cat9 1 connection speeds is ideal for high-powered activities such as PS4 games with Remote Play, and exceptional video and music streaming.. This is our fastest and smartest camera yet. Xperia X Performance has improved camera features with quicker response times, more intelligent focus and highly adaptive shutter speed, so you can capture clearer shots.. The Xperia X Performance is always one step ahead, with some of Sony’s best camera technology. Taking pictures of someone in action is simple if you could predict their next move. The intelligent Predictive Hybrid Autofocus will do the tracking for you, so you can capture the moment with the sharpest quality. The Xperia X Performance also features SteadyShot™ video stabilization technology that compensates for movements, making panning smoother and the images more stable.. Front facing camera puts the focus on you. We’ve taken specs other smartphone have on their main camera and placed them up front. With 13 megapixels and a low light camera, Capture your good side, all day and night.. World’s Best Autofocus on a Moving Object* Technical Test. *Sony Xperia X Performance outperformed all leading global competitors and delivered the most accurate autofocus performance in this assessment.. Blink and you’ll get it The 23MP camera for the faster moments. Our fastest camera yet goes from standby to capture in less that 0.6 seconds. With the quick start up, lightning speed Hybrid Autofocus and faster image processing, you can capture the most spontaneous moments. Smarter battery management solutions include groundbreaking Qnovo adaptive battery charging that maintains battery performance and extends battery lifespan up to twice as long.. Charge the Xperia X Performance with the Quick Charger UCH10 (charger included in box) for 10 minutes and get 5.5 hours of usage.. With Hi-Res Audio and DNC support, you can hear music as it was meant to be heard and block out everything else.. Everything you see is more vivid on this Full HD display with Sony’s BRAVIA® TV technologies built in.. PS4™ Remote Play lets you access your PS4 console through your smartphone and keep playing in any room.. 23MP camera with Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. 13MP front camera for low-light selfies. SIM capability Single SIM, Nano SIM Memory and storage microSD™ card with up to 200 GB Weight 5.8 oz. Dimensions 5.6 x 2.77 x 0.33 in. Display 5" Full HD 1080p, TRILUMINOS™ Display for mobile, X-Reality® for mobile, Dynamic Contrast Enhancement Camera 23 MP , 1/2.3'' Exmor™ RS for mobile sensor, Quick launch, Predictive Hybrid AF , 5x Clear Image Zoom , 24mm G Lens F2.0 , Low-light photography: ISO 12800/3200, Full HD 1080p Video Recording On the inside Google Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820 Processor, 64-bit-capable. Xperia Ear® Your personal assistant. Style Cover Touch SCR56 for Xperia X Performance Use your phone through the cover. Quick Charger UCH10 Power up in no time. There’s so much to discover with Xperia: from smartphones, tablets, and Smart Products to exclusive offers and content. We want to help you do more.. Switching to Xperia®? Xperia Transfer Mobile makes it easy to move over all your content.. With exclusive access to the latest movies, music, and games, it’s your ticket to a world of entertainment.. Everything you need to work smarter—discover the benefits of Xperia for business.. Your product will stay like new if you install the latest software. To be notified by email when updates arrive, simply register at My support.. Xperia® Care has the answers to almost anything you’d want to know about your product. Get help wherever you are, both in the device and online.. 1 Available in markets with Cat9 2 * Xperia X Performance is water resistant and protected against dust, so don’t worry if you get caught in the rain or want to wash off dirt under a tap water, but remember all ports and attached covers should be firmly closed. You should not put the device completely underwater; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty. The device has been tested under Ingress Protection rating IP65/68. Note the Xperia™ X Performance has a capless USB port to connect and charge. The USB port needs to be completely dry before charging.. Support Product Support Contact Support Support forum Xperia About Xperia Smartphone photography Xperia in Business Xperia & Android About Smart Products Sony Mobile About Sony News & blog Accessibility Sustainability Sony & other sites About Sony Sony and the Environment Developer World Accessibility and Usability. Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Local channels. Copyright © 2011-2018 Sony Mobile Communications Inc. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - F8131, F8132. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 29(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - F8131, F8132. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps. 143.7 x 70.4 x 8.7 mm (5.66 x 2.77 x 0.34 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~68.1% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~441 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) - dual SIM model only. 32 GB, 3 GB RAM - single SIM 64 GB, 3 GB RAM - dual SIM. 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 13 MP (f/2.0, 22mm, 1/3"), 1080p, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS/ BDS (region dependent). Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, barometer, compass. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold. Basemark OS II: 2303 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 2179 Basemark X: 28450. Contrast ratio: 1461 (nominal), 3.234 (sunlight). Voice 63dB / Noise 65dB / Ring 67dB. Also known as Sony Xperia X Performance Dual F8132 with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia X Performance - user opinions and reviews. Yeah, her phone might just be a defective one.. i find some rounded pittings on the places where i am touching alot but when i am cleaning the screen its disapear then again after using apears. have you had experienced any touch screen issue?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia X, X Performance and XA. Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XZ Premium. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Get up to a $13.55 Gift Card.. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $99 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by DoodShop and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Sony Exmor RS 23 MP camera with Quick Launch <0.6s capture. 13 MP front-facing camera with a Sony wide-angle lens. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor powerful performance enables PS4 Remote Play. Seamless metal back, curved edge 2.5D glass display and water resistant design has a soft feel yet is durable. 32GB onboard memory and up to 200GB expandable with MicroSD card. SIM unlocked and compatible with GSM/LTE carriers utilizing GSM network such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, MetroPCS, Simple Mobile, Bright spot, Net10, h20 Wireless, Cricket Wireless. Model F8131; compatible with Nano SIM Cards. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty) $549.99. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by DoodShop and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Sony Xperia X Performance [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime… $6.95. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Xperia X Performance / XP Case, Ringke [FUSION] Crystal Clear PC Back TPU Bumper [Drop Protection… $10.99. Sold by Ringke Official Store and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB White (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Forest Blue (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mist Blue (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mineral Black (US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Sony Xperia X Performance [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Sony Xperia X Performance Screen Protector, Skinomi TechSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for Sony Xperia X Performance Clear HD Anti-Bubble Film. Sony 128GB Class 10 UHS-1 Micro SDXC up to 70MB/s Memory Card (SRG1UY2A/TQ). Sony Xperia X Performance Case, [Invisible Armor] Xtreme Slim, Clear, Soft, Lightweight, Shock Absorbing TPU Bumper/ Back Cover. [3 Pack] Sony Xperia X Performance Tempered Glass, Nacodex Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film 0.3mm 9H Hardness Bubble Free (For Sony Xperia X Performance). Xperia X Performance / XP Case, Ringke [FUSION] Crystal Clear PC Back TPU Bumper [Drop Protection/Shock Absorption Technology] Protective Cover For Sony Xperia X Performance 2016 - Clear. No interest if paid in full within 6 months with the Amazon.com Store Card on any purchase totaling $149 or more.. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Android Central and Ubergizmo MWC 2016 Award Winning Device.. The Sony Xperia X Performance Smartphone Defines Premium with its Intelligent and Powerful Features. The intelligent Sony 23MP main camera and 13MP front-facing camera captures stunning pictures. The powerful performance of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, enables activities such as PS4 Remote Play gaming. The curved edge 2.5D glass display and water resistant design has a soft feel yet is durable. If you are running low on power, Quick Charge technology enables 5.5 hours of battery on 10 minutes of charge.. Main Camera: 1/2” 23MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor , Predictive Hybrid AF. ISO 12800, 24mm Wide Sony G Lens.. Front Camera: 1/3” 13MP – Sony Exmor R Sensor, 22mm Wide, ISO 6400.. Display: 5“Curved Glass Edge Full HD (1920x1080), Dynamic Contrast Enhancer, sRGB 140%, Brightness 600cd.. CPU/GPU: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, 2x 2.2GHz 2x 1.6GHz, Qualcomm Adreno 530.. Memory: 3GB RAM, 32GB Flash memory, Up to 200 GB expandable memory card.. Battery: 2700mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging and Quick Charge Compatible.. Sound: Hi-Res Audio, Stereo Speakers, Digital Noise Canceling, DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC.. Size: 5.6 x 2.77 x 0.33 in / 5.8 oz.. Networks: UMTS HSPA+ 800 (Band VI), 800 (Band XIX), 850 (Band V), 900 (Band VIII), 1700 (Band IV), 1900 (Band II), 2100 (Band I) MHz GSM GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8,12,13,17,19, 20, 26, 28, 29, 38, 39, 40, 41).. Compatible Networks: with GSM/LTE Networks and cellular network providers utilizing GSM network such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, MetroPCS, Simple Mobile, Brightspot, Net10, h20 Wireless, and Cricket Wireless.. Manufacturer Warranty: 1 year US manufacturer warranty on parts and labor.. Predictive Hybrid Autofocus with Smart Capture For Blur Free Shots. With Sony’s intelligent Exmor RS sensor and BIONZ processing camera technologies you can choose a moving person or object and automatically track it. Your subject stays in focus, even when moving, enabling you to capture blur free shots.. Sony’s Fast 23MP Quick Launch Camera to Go from Standby to Capture in Less Than 0.6s. Leveraging Sony’s experience in image sensor technology, the camera is faster and smarter. A dedicated camera button that allows you to go from standby to capture in less than 0.6s.. Sony Steady Shot For Smooth Videos. Using Sony’s BIONZ image processor, SteadyShot video stabilization shoots smoother video and minimizes 'shaky cam' effects.. 13MP Selfie Camera Fits Everyone in the Picture. With a Sony 22mm wide-angle lens and renowned Exmor RS 6400 ISO low-light sensor, the front camera is ready for round-the-clock sharpness.. 2x Faster CPU for Rapid App Multitasking. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor has 2x faster CPU performance, 1.4x faster GPU, and 1.5x faster LTE speeds compared to previous Xperia smartphones. With 3GB of RAM the processor allows you to have a super-fast camera, heavy app multitasking and have smooth video streams.. Water Resistance with a Seamless Metal Back. Water resistance rating of IP68 and a 2.5D rounded glass edge and seamless metal back for a stylish, durable, and comfortable design that travels in any weather.. PS4 Remote Play lets you access your PS4 console through your smartphone and keep playing in any room.. If you’re running low on power, Quick Charge technology enables up to 5.5 hours of battery life on 10 minutes of charge with the included Quick Charger accessory.. 5 Inch Display with Brighter Colors. Sony’s Triluminos display technology combined with Dynamic Image Enhancer enables super brilliant colors on this Full HD display, simulating Sony’s BRAVIA TV viewing experience in the palm of your hand.. Listen In Hi-Res With Clear Audio+. Sony’s Hi-Res Audio and Clear Audio+ technologies, allow you to hear audio from your music, videos, and games the way it was meant to be heard.. Switch between compatible carriers without the hassle of contracts. Without carrier bloatware you have additional storage space on your phone for more of what you want.. 5“ Curved Edge Glass HD (1280x720), Super Vivid Mode, sRGB 100%, Brightness 450 cd/m2. 6” Curved Edge Glass Full HD (1920x1080), Super Vivid Mode, sRGB 100%, Brightness 500 cd/m2. 5“ Curved Edge Glass Full HD (1920x1080), Dynamic Contrast Enhancer, sRGB 140%, Brightness 600cd. 5“ Curved Edge Glass Full HD (1920x1080), Dynamic Contrast Enhancer, sRGB 140%, Brightness 600cd. 1/3” 13MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Hybrid AF <0.15 seconds, ISO 6400. 1/2.4” 21.5MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Hybrid AF <0.15 seconds, ISO 6400. 1/2” 23MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Predictive Hybrid AF, ISO 12800, 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 1/2” 23MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Predictive Hybrid AF, ISO 12800, 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 1/4” 8MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, 88 degree Wide Angle, ISO 3200. 1/2.6” 16MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, Optical Image Stabilization, Smart Selfie Flash, 88 degree wide Angle, ISO 3200. 1/3” 13MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, 22mm Wide, ISO 6400. 1/3” 13MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, 22mm Wide, ISO 6400. Mediatek HelioTM P10, Octa-core (8x A53,@ 2.0GHz) / Mali-T860. Mediatek HelioTM P10, Octa-core (8x A53,@ 2.0GHz) / Mali-T860. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, 2x 1.8GHz, 4x 1.2GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 510. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, 2x 2.2GHz, 2x 1.6GHz / Cat9 Support / Qualcomm Adreno 530. 2GB RAM, 16GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 3GB RAM, 16GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 3GB RAM, 32GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 3GB RAM, 32GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 2300mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging and Quick Charge Compatible. 2700mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging and Quick Charge Compatible. 2620mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging, Quick Charger Included. 2700mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging, Quick Charger Included. Hi-Res Audio, Stereo Speakers, Digital Noise Canceling, DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC, Remote Play capable. Hi-Res Audio, Stereo Speakers, Digital Noise Canceling, DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC, Remote Play Capable. 5.65 x 2.62 x 0.31 in / 4.9 oz. 6.45 x 3.11 x 0.33 in / 7.1 oz. 5.6 x 2.73 x 0.31 in / 5.4 oz. 5.6 x 2.77 x 0.33 in / 5.8 oz. 0.33 x 3.1 x 6.5 in. 0.34 x 2.7 x 5.6 in. 0.37 x 2.55 x 5.07 in. 0.32 x 2.83 x 5.76 in. 2.6 x 5.7 x 0.3 in. 0.2 x 5.8 x 2.8 in. Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mineral Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ1 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2" Full HD HDR Display - 64GB - Black (U.S. The Sony Xperia X Performance smartphone defines premium with its intelligent and powerful features. The intelligent Sony 23MP main camera and 13MP front-facing camera capture stunning pictures. The powerful performance of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, enables activities such as PS4 Remote Play gaming. The curved edge 2.5D glass display and water resistant design has a soft feel yet is durable. If you’re running low on power, Quick Charge technology enables up to 5.5 hours of battery life on 10 minutes of charge with the included quick charger accessory.. 3.1 x 0.3 x 6.5 inches. 10.4 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #118,177 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #548 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Carrier Cell Phones. #2,206 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 59% 4 star 20% 3 star 6% 2 star 5% 1 star 10%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars I'm Loving the Phone So Far. Offer Type: Phone Only | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. First, I'd like to address some questions or concerns about this phone that I have frequently seen throughout the internet. 1) This model (F8131) is not the dual sim model. If you want to use 2 sim cards, you will have to purchase the international version of the XPERIA X Performance, which is model number F8132. 2) This model (F8131) DOES have the fingerprint sensor. HOWEVER, the fingerprint sensor is disabled by Sony in the US market at the firmware level. What this means is that, the firmware for the fingerprint sensor, must be changed. You will have to flash an international firmware for the fingerprint sensor to be enabled. If you don't want to go through the lengthy process leading up to changing the firmware of this device, just buy the international version of this phone, which is model number F8132, which already has the fingerprint sensor enabled. So, in conclusion, the fingerprint sensor is not nonexistent on this model, just disabled by default by Sony in the US market. I am using this phone with a T-Mobile sim card, in the United States. I'm having no problems with connection. The phone does come with a few pre-installed apps that I wanted removed so I rooted my phone to be able to remove unnecessary apps so I'm much happier about that. Some of the apps that were pre-installed were: Spotify, Facebook, Amazon shopping, some Tetris demo game, some Spiderman demo game, and etc. Sony's stock apps on this device are: Music, Album, Video, Lifelog, PartyShare, TrackID, XperiaTransfer, and etc. I have only had this phone for a few days and haven't had time to explore the Sony apps yet, but I am interested in exploring them. This is my third Sony device. I had the Sony ZR and the Sony XA Ultra (HUGE phone *LoL*). Make sure you get a case for this phone. The surface of this phone is very smooth and can easily slip out of your hand. I don't often buy cases for my phones, but this phone makes me a little afraid of dropping it due to the smooth surface. I just ordered this case: https://www.amazon.com/Performance-Ringke-Protection-Absorption-Technology/dp/B01HBWIPSI/ref=sr_1_62?m=A8YCUEQIOX5AP&s=wireless&srs=5811452011&ie=UTF8&qid=1493039145&sr=1-62&refinements=p_89%3ARingke%2Cp_n_feature_ten_browse-bin%3A11043312011%2Cp_6%3AA8YCUEQIOX5AP and a beautiful gold mirror case on another website. The lime gold color of this phone in Amazon's photo is off from the actual phone color. In person, the lime gold is more like a soft gold with a hint of lime. A slight disappointment, but nothing to make me return this phone. I only gave this phone 4 stars because I have only had it for a few days so not enough time to fully evaluate it, but so far, I have not had any problems. I've uploaded some pictures and sorry about the picture quality in advance. For the technically advanced, I've uploaded an image showing the kernel version, baseband version, and build number. I've unlocked my bootloader, rooted my phone, installed/flashed the kernel that you see in the image, and I installed a Latin America firmware on this phone which has enabled the fingerprint sensor. I have TWRP recovery in which I used to flash the kernel and SuperSU. I hope this information helps someone! ---------------------------------------------------- UPDATE (4-25-17): The battery life is great. I went all day, on the 24th, without charging the battery. I browsed the internet, watched multiple videos, downloaded large files, left Wi-Fi and cell data on all day, and left quite a bit of apps running. On the 25th, I still have about half of my battery left to use. I've uploaded an image showing how much time I have left to use up the battery life, and this is without any of the Sony's battery management features enabled or any other battery management app. In the real world, I personally wouldn't be doing all of those things on my phone simultaneously, but it was a nice test that ensures me that the battery can handle multiple tasks without being drained extensively AND without running hot. However, if you are one who likes to play intense games on your phone for an extended period of time, I don't know how well the battery will hold up, but Sony does have battery management features on this phone to help extend the life of the battery. The battery is great so far and I've no problems with it.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone. Offer Type: Phone Only | Color: White | Verified Purchase. Slightly thicker than iphone but I think overall this has a very comfortable form factor. Using it on t-mobile without any issues. Battery life is good and camera is awesome. Not missing my Samsung phone that it replaced. Pity that no carrier is supporting Sony in the US.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars I Love It! But my old phone was garbage so...subjective?. Offer Type: Phone Only | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. I had read a LOT of phone reviews before settling on the Xperia X Performance & I feel I chose well. PROS * Camera: Great camera! The colors are incredible & I've found the camera's focus to be excellent. It takes about 2 seconds to fully launch the camera from sleep, which for me is pretty great. Video is excellent as well & while it isn't supported out of the box, there is a way to enable 4K video on this phone. I'm not sure why they chose to disable it, but you can re-enable it & it looks great. * Performance: 3GB of RAM & a Snapdragon 820, it runs great! I've run high-end games, streaming video, browsed media-heavy pages, edited 1K+ row spreadsheets in Google Sheets & MS Excel, all a what I'd consider to be extremely impressive speeds. I've read reviews to the contrary, but this hasn't been my experience. * Design: Aesthetics are 'meh' but the form factor is nice. A bit of a smaller screen/phone than I'm used to. However, I should note I'm 6'2 & 240lbs so my wife has suggested maybe the phone isn't small to everyone. I'm also used to a near phablet screen, so there's that. * Screen: The display is sharp, great colors. * Battery: Battery is middle-of-the-road, I'd say. I don't know if the OS/hardware has some kind of heuristic learning? The first day the battery dropped really fast, even if idle. The more I use it, however, it seems the more that isn't the case. I've had the phone about a week & a day of calls, email & gaming only get me down to about 73%. Idle works really well now too - would be interested to CONS * Cooling: I shot video of my kids playing outside in the pool this weekend. It was about 82 F & I'd only been shooting outside for maybe 5 minutes when the phone gave me a warning the temperature was rising, & if it continued to do so it would auto-shut off. The phone was pretty hot, but I'm not sure how much was the case I have for it vs the environment + video recording. I haven't had any problems recording indoors for long periods of time, so I will try again w/o the case & update my review. * Design: The screen bevels just a little bit. It doesn't hurt the display at all, but I note it as a negative because this could be a problem if you drop it. On the cases I bought, it looks like the glass may bevel enough to stick out more than the case if dropped, which would result in a busted screen. NOTE: I should note that my previous phone was an Alcatel Idol 4. Some of the reviews I had read about the Xperia said that the reviewer thought their phone took better pics, even at a lower resolution. That might be true, results are subjective is my point. I upgraded from a junk phone to this. If you already own an iPhone 6 or something, you may not be as impressed as I have been.. Was this review helpful to you?. It's beautiful product and easy to use. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Xperia at its best!. DOES EVERYTHING A PHONE OF TWICE THE VALUE. EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW WHAT IT IS.EASY TO USE. 5.0 out of 5 stars BEST PHONE FOR PRICE. Great affordable phone but wire and plug that came with the phone doesn't work. 5.0 out of 5 stars Decent phone. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. This phone prompts for an update several times a day. Even when I choose to do the update, it still prompts me. I have tried updating through my desktop as well. 3.0 out of 5 stars This phone prompts for an update several times a day .... Hi, i bought this phone in june2017 and i have problem to use with a sim card in Venezuela and now in Argentina with Claro. 1.0 out of 5 stars Hi, i bought this phone in june2017 and i .... nice seller and product! 100% satisfied. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Rather lackluster call quality, battery life and ruggedness. Even a fairly small drop from a few feet caused the screen to break. 3.0 out of 5 stars Good camera does not make up for unimpressive battery life, call quality and ability to stand up to heavy use.. Phone showed up on time and works great!! :). 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Sony Xperia X Performance [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Sony Xperia X Screen Protector, IQ Shield LiQuidSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for Sony Xperia X HD Clear. See and discover other items: android phones 2016 , cricket compatible phones , cricket wireless smartphone , sony cell , sony xperia waterproof , sony xperia cell phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Sony Xperia X Performance review:. Sony Xperia X Performance (64GB, rose gold). (Part #: Xperia X Performance-64GB/rose gold). Sony Xperia X Performance (64GB, graphite black). Sony Xperia X Performance (32GB, rose gold). Sony Xperia X Performance (32GB, graphite black). Sony Xperia X Performance (64GB, lime gold). Sony Xperia X Performance (64GB, white). Sony Xperia X Performance (32GB, white). Sony Xperia X Performance (32GB, lime gold). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good Absolutely brimming with power, the Sony Xperia X Performance is well designed and the only new Xperia to be waterproof.. The Bad Battery life needs a big boost for this phone to live up to its potential.. The Bottom Line The Xperia X Performance runs rings around the basic Xperia X and is a great phone for anyone who likes their handsets with a bit of grunt.. Design Performance Sony Xperia X Performance benchmark scores. If you're a "Top Gun" type and expect your phone to have the power of a jet engine, then you're exactly who Sony had in mind with the Xperia X Performance.. The X Performance (never to be called the XP, I'm told by Sony) is the turbo-charged version of the Xperia X. Sony has packed more processing power into the Performance, along with speedier LTE 4G connectivity and a slightly bigger battery. Other than that, the two phones are almost identical, from the 5-inch full HD screen to the 23-megapixel camera on the rear. But trust me, the differences are very noticeable.. At $699 or AU$999, it's less expensive than I'd anticipated. (There are no pricing or launch details for the UK, but the price converts to around £525.) With the basic X model costing $549, AU$799 or £450, that's not much of a price hike at all.. When I first saw the phone, I confess to finding the smooth, rounded edges and matte back a little pedestrian. But my opinion changed significantly while using it. It's comfortable to hold, and when I went back to compare it with the Z5 and Z5 Premium I found it to be the best looker of the group.. My colleague Jessica Dolcourt called the Xperia X a "great one-handed phone" and the same goes for the Performance. Where she and I disagree is on screen size: A 5-inch screen is perfect for her dainty fingers. My hands are about twice as big, and 5-inch phones make me feel like I'm using a Fisher Price "My First Phone" toy. But 5-inches is what's on offer here and I happily admit that's a good size for 80 percent of the world.. Shining a limelight on the Sony Xperia X Performance. With the word Performance in the name, I had some high expectations for this phone and it didn't disappoint. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core 64-bit processor is a big jump up from the X and the numbers prove it. It far outstrips the Xperia X and actually rivals the Samsung Galaxy S7 .. The phone feels exceptionally slick and fast. Apps open rapidly and navigating is smooth as silk. This speed even transfers over to the fingerprint sensor. Built into the power button like previous Xperia models, this is the most reliable and quick biometric security I've ever used on a phone. If you're in the US, however, you'll just have to take my word for it, because Sony has disabled the fingerprint scanner for your region.. The X Performance is also the only of the new X range to be water and dust proof. It's rated IP65/68, which means you can not only splash the thing, you could leave it under a metre of water for 30 minutes (you know, if you desperately wanted to).. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Sony Xperia X Performance. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Please help us improve our website. Take our customer survey to evaluate your visit.. It should only take a few minutes to answer five quick questions. Just click the Launch survey button at the end of your visit to begin.. Explore the world of Sony Apps and Services.. Your ticket to the biggest hits and hottest shows. Personalise your Xperia, keep it safe and more. High Performance smartphone with high quality camera that predicts the next motion.. Xperia X Performance Camera Our top-performing camera. The Xperia X Performance boasts our new flagship camera, which is our smartest and fastest yet. With quicker response times, more intelligent focus, and a new highly adaptive shutter speed, you get clearer shots in the toughest situations.. The next step in focus Our smartest camera predicts movement for sharper results. Based on Sony’s camera technology, the Predictive Hybrid Autofocus in the Xperia X Performance is a master of movement. You select a focus object, and your camera tracks it automatically as it moves. The focus stays clear and your subject stays sharp. So even if you can’t predict where the shot is headed, your smartphone can.. World’s Best Autofocus on a Moving Object* Technical Test. *Sony Xperia X Performance outperformed all leading global competitors and delivered the most accurate autofocus performance in this assessment.. Blink and you’ll get it The 23MP camera for the fastest moments. Our fastest camera yet goes from standby to capture in less than 0.6 seconds. With the quick start up, lightning-speed Hybrid Autofocus, and faster image processing, you can capture the most spontaneous moments.. With double-digit megapixels and Sony’s renowned low-light sensors, we’ve taken specs other smartphones have on the main camera and placed them up front. Xperia X Performance Design Sophisticated touch. Hold the Xperia X Performance and you’ll know it’s beyond the ordinary – with a curved display and a seamless metal back. Choose graphite black or white for an exclusive hairline finish. Or go for the elegance of lime gold or rose gold.. As if it were tailored to you Designed to fit your hand as comfortably as your life. The Xperia X Performance’s style is designed to perfectly suit your life and taste. The latest update to our classic form is as striking in its simplicity as ever, while the curved edges and 5" size make for a more comfortable grip. Even the user interface has been updated to be more in tune with you, both in looks and responsiveness.. The Xperia X Performance has a tone-on-tone approach, with continuous color on front and back and a lock screen in the same hue.. The fingerprint sensor on the Xperia X Performance is placed on the side of the phone, so you can pick up and unlock in one movement.. It's only water Sony's water resistant*. design takes the worry out of wet. A little water shouldn't be a big deal. Xperia X performance is built to withstand the splashes that are a part of everday life. So you can relax about sudden spills or unexpected showers.. Xperia X Performance Performance High scores for power. Equipped with a blazing-fast Snapdragon™ 820 processor and Cat9 1 connection speeds, the Xperia X Performance brings you a new level of overall performance that never disappoints.. Streaming in the fast lane Uninterrupted entertainment with the fastest connectivity. Whether it’s streaming comedy on Netflix or downloading your favorite podcast, you don’t want to wait to be entertained. With the latest Snapdragon 820 processor and a seamless network experience, the Xperia X Performance gets you the media you’re in the mood for quickly and delivers it smoothly – without unnecessary buffering or stuttering.. With Hi-Res Audio and DNC support, you can hear music as it was meant to be heard and block out everything else.. Everything you see is more vivid on this Full HD display with Sony’s BRAVIA® TV technologies built in.. PS4® Remote Play lets you access your PS4 console through your smartphone and keep playing in any room.. 23MP camera with Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. 13MP front camera for low-light selfies. 5” Full HD display with curved glass More about display. SIM capability Single SIM, Dual SIM, Nano SIM Memory and storage microSD™ card with up to 200 GB Weight 5.8 oz. Dimensions 143.7 x 70.5 x 8.6 mm Display 5" Full HD 1080p, TRILUMINOS™ Display for mobile, X-Reality® for mobile, Dynamic Contrast Enhancement Camera 23 MP , 1/2.3'' Exmor™ RS for mobile sensor, Quick launch, Predictive Hybrid AF , 5x Clear Image Zoom , 24mm G Lens F2.0 , Low-light photography: ISO 12800/3200, Full HD 1080p Video Recording On the inside Google Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820 Processor, 64-bit-capable. Style Cover Touch SCR56 for Xperia X Performance Use your phone through the cover. Style Cover Flip SCR58 Your phone’s perfect match. Style Cover SBC30 Stylish protection for your phone. Micro USB Charging Dock DK52 Easy connect Effective charging. Xperia Ear Your personal assistant. Quick Charger UCH12 Power up in no time. There’s so much to discover with Xperia: from smartphones, tablets and Smart Products to exclusive offers and content. We want to help you do more.. Switching to Xperia? Xperia Transfer Mobile makes it easy to move over all your content.. With exclusive access to the latest movies, music and games, it’s your ticket to a world of entertainment.. Everything you need to work smarter – discover the benefits of Xperia for business.. Your product will stay like new if you install the latest software. To be notified by email when updates arrive, simply register at My support.. Xperia® Care has the answers to almost anything you’d want to know about your product. Get help wherever you are, both in the device and online.. 1 Available in markets with Cat9. 2 * Xperia X Performance is water resistant and protected against dust, so don’t worry if you get caught in the rain or want to wash off dirt under a tap water, but remember all ports and attached covers should be firmly closed. You should not put the device completely underwater; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty. The device has been tested under Ingress Protection rating IP65/68. Note the Xperia™ X Performance has a capless USB port to connect and charge. The USB port needs to be completely dry before charging.. Products Phones Tablets Smart Products Accessories Support Product Support Contact Support Support Forum Xperia About Xperia Smartphone photography Xperia in Business Xperia & Android About Smart Products Sony Mobile About us News & blog Smart Solutions Incubation and Acceleration Sustainability Sony & other sites About Sony Developer World. Global site - English - Change. Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Local channels. Copyright © 2011-2018 Sony Mobile Communications Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Sony Xperia X Performance. All Listings - Current page. results for Sony Xperia X Performance. Save Sony Xperia X Performance to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Sony Xperia X Performance to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. New Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 64GB 3GB Ram 23MP Dual+Gift. Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - White/Black/ Gold. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 - 32GB - Graphite Black (Rogers) See Pics (7883). Peacock Leather Flip Stand Wallet Case Cover For Sony Xperia X,XA,X Performance. For Sony Xperia X Performance | Ringke [FUSION] Clear PC Shockproof Case Cover. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN BLACK. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - Black. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 White 64GB 5'' DUAL SIM Android Phone By FedEx. USED - Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - Black. 5.0" Original Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 Smartphone 4G Unlocked GPS WIFI. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 Black 64GB 5'' DUAL SIM Android Phone By FedEx. Docomo Xperia X Performance SO-04H Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 32GB Graphite Black (Unlocked) Good-Fair Conditi. New Leather Filp Stand Card Wallet Case Cover For Sony Xperia X/XA,X Performance. TETDED Premium Leather Case for Sony Xperia X Performance Dijon II LC Black. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN WHITE. Sony XPERIA X Performance F8131 Unlocked GSM 4G Smartphone Black - Refurbished. Good Condition[Lock ed]Sony Xperia X Performance 502SO LimeGold. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JPN ROSE GOLD. Docomo Xperia X Performance SO-04H White Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Original 5.0inch Fingerprint 32GB smartphone for Sony Xperia X Performance F8131. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JPN LIME GOLD. FREE SHIP for Sony Xperia X Performance 5" Black LCD Screen w/ Digitizer ZVLQ131. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 LCD Display Touch Digitizer Assembly+Frame White. Sony Xperia X Performance / 5.0" / 32GB / Factory Unlocked / 23MP / LTE Smartpho. USED - Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - White. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 - 32GB - Rose Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 - 64GB - Lime Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone USED. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 Original factory unlocked smartphone Quad core. Ultrathin Matte Hard PC Case For Sony Xperia XZS XZ XA XA1 Ultra X Performance L. LB1 High Performance Mini Universal Stylus Pen for T-Mobile Sony Xperia Z (Blue). Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 64GB 3GB Dual SIM 5" 23MP Factory Unlocked White. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 (Latest Model) - 32GB - GSM Unlocked FROM UK. Sony XPERIA X performance Rose Gold 5.0 inch 32gb used. Sony XPERIA X Performance White 5.0 inch 32gb used. Sony XPERIA X Performance Green Gold 5.0 inch 32gb used. Sony XPERIA X Performance Graphite Black 5.0 inch 32gb used. Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Hexa-Core Android Phone - Lime Gold. Sony Xperia X F5121 - 32GB - Lime Gold GSM Unlocked NO CDMA Smartphone OPENBOX. USED Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone Black. Sony XPERIA X Dual F5122 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB , 23MP - White / Black / Gold. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Black (Factory Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Android F5121 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Good Condition SEE DETAILS. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Universe Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. SONY XPERIA X F5121 SS BLACK/WHITE 32GB SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. New Original Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE 23MP Smartphone. SONY XPERIA XZ F8331 32GB 4GB RAM 4G/LTE FACTORY UNLOCKED Android Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Android F5121 32GB - Black (Unlocked) 7/10 Dent in the back. New Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra G3226 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Black. Sony Xperia XA 16GB Unlocked GSM 13MP Octa-Core Smartphone - Graphite Black. Sony XPERIA C4 Dual E5363 BLACK 13MP, 5.5" 16GB UNLOCKED!. Sony XPERIA X F5121 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 23MP - White / Black / Gold. New Sony Xperia M5 E5663 3GB RAM 16GB Dual SIM Factory Unlocked - White. Sony Xperia XA Ultra F3216 - 16GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone NEW. New Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra G3226 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - White. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Mist Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony XPERIA XZ F8331 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB - Platinum Black Blue Pink. Sony XPERIA XA F3113 QuadBand Unlocked GSM 4G Smartphone Rose Gold -Good Condion. Xperia X Performance Phone Case Protector Cover Crystal Clear PC Back TPU Bumper. FREE SHIP for Sony Xperia X Performance 5" Pink LCD Screen w/ Digitizer ZVLQ133. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 58 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. Without Simlock - 12 month warranty from the dealer. Without Simlock - 12 month warranty from the dealer. Without Simlock - 12 month warranty from the dealer. Without Simlock - 12 month warranty from the dealer. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. *Real USA Seller ** #1CUSTOMER SERVICE ** Free Ship*. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia X Performance. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia X Performance smartphone was launched in February 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820It comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia X Performance packs a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 13-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia X Performance runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2700mAh non removable battery. It measures 143.70 x 70.40 x 8.70 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 164.40 grams. The Sony Xperia X Performance is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia X Performance Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Performance, Xperia XZ Android 7.0 Nougat Update Now Rolling Out. Sony Xperia X Performance Price Revealed. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA, Xperia X Performance First Look. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Sony Xperia X Performance detailed specifications. Release date February 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 143.70 x 70.40 x 8.70 Weight (g) 164.40 Battery capacity (mAh) 2700 Removable battery No Colours White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 23-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 13-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia X Performance. 3.7 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 1. Displaying review(s) 1- 3 of 3 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Brandon Nel | 27 Jun 2016. With better performance and benchmark scores than the S7 Edge, better battery then the Droid Max 2, and better camera than the Nexus 6P, you can't go wrong with this phone. Simply amazing device, from top to bottom. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Love it minimal specs best out of it looks naturally aspiring.. By Jb Ei | 24 Jun 2016. Best looking smartphone with best in the world sony camera, best bravia displays,best quality waterproofing, more free ram in 3gb rather than 4gb phones, best in class processor, clean and fastest performance in its class, world best music walkman sound, quality of phone is worth its price. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By jahur arts | 25 Mar 2016. undefineso booooring design, ram 3gb nothing special d undefineso booooring design, ram 3gb nothing special dundefineso booooring design, ram 3gb nothing special dundefineso booooring design, ram 3gb nothing special dundefineso booooring design, ram 3gb nothing special dundefineso booooring design, ram 3gb nothing special dundefineso booooring design, ram 3gb nothing special d. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia X Performance Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Performance, Xperia XZ Android 7.0 Nougat Update Now Rolling Out. Sony Xperia X Performance Price Revealed. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA, Xperia X Performance First Look. Sony Says Xperia X Phones Will Replace Flagship Z-Series. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA Price Revealed. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA, Xperia X Performance Launched at MWC 2016. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Sony Xperia Xa Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4g Sony Xperia X vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe Zs570kl vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Sony Xperia X vs. Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Sony Xperia Xa Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual vs. Sony Xperia C5 Ultra Sony Xperia E5 vs. Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Sony Xperia Xa Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Sony Xperia X Performance Dual vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia X Performance in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Sony's high-end Android phone is seriously lacking. It's as if Sony doesn't realize how cutthroat this market is. Snapdragon 820 performance, waterproofing and microSD support aside, there's not enough here to recommend this overly expensive Android phone.. Design The glass front's slightly curved edges give off an elegant look A 1080p screen that is vibrant, but too low-res for the price Its brushed metal chassis fits perfectly in the hand and pocket. Update: Barring a few differences, the Sony Xperia X Performance brings most of the same goods as the Sony Xperia XZ, but for a cheaper price.. Not only has this device become cheaper to purchase since it launched, it has also received a welcome upgrade to Android Nougat. This means that it's secure and stocked with enhanced battery-saving features and multitasking is even easier thanks to the multi-window mode.. Looking forward, we've heard that Android O will be heading to this device. So even though you won't have the latest specs, you'll have the latest software.. The Sony Xperia X Performance is a phone that makes a statement. It's just not a very consistent one.. Like the others in the new X series, the Sony Xperia X Performance is really good at waving all the signs of a flagship phone. The eye-grabbing glass and brushed metal design make it enjoyable to look at and its 5.6-inch body fits nicely in one hand.. Underneath the hood, though, there's a mix of what you'd expect to find in a top-tier smartphone, but with a few unpleasant surprises tossed in.. It contains the high-end Snapdragon 820 processor, but backs it with only 3GB of memory. The waterproof phone comes with the latest build of Android Nougat , offers PS4 Remote Play , and expandable storage. But the screen is limited to 1080p, and the battery capacity is a rather meager 2,700mAh.. These shortcomings would be excusable if the Xperia X Performance were the least bit competitive in price with some of recent unlocked movers-and-shakers, like the OnePlus 3 or ZTE Axon 7. At US$699 (about £541, AU$913), this phone just about doubles the price of some more capable options, even costing slightly more than the Samsung Galaxy S7. For a phone positioned near the top of Sony's offering, the Xperia X Performance is either woefully under-specced, or just too expensive for what you're getting. If you're hoping for a flagship smartphone that balances power, design and value in equal measure, you'll be better served by another phone on our best phones list.. If you're seen one Xperia device within the past few years, you've seen them all. The Xperia X Performance falls neatly into that group, but it's not a bad thing at all.. Minimalists will love the Xperia X Performance for its subtle design touches. In the rose gold review unit provided to TechRadar by Sony, the brushed metal back and edges nicely play off the ever-so-slightly curved front panel.. The port layout is thoughtfully placed around the phone, and at first glance, it seems that so too are the buttons. While the power and dedicated camera capture buttons are easy to use and access during everyday use, the volume rocker is a bit of a nightmare.. Located on the bottom right side of the trim, it makes a simple task needlessly difficult. The odd reach even caused the phone to slip out of our hands on occasion.. If you're looking to get this phone in the US, here's one more knock against the X Performance: it doesn't have a fingerprint sensor built-in like its UK counterpart. For whatever reason, it has been omitted, though Sony's website states otherwise.. Given the fashion-forward look of the Xperia X Performance, it's a delightful surprise that it's dust and waterproof with a rating of IP68, which means that it can be plunged under water no deeper than a meter (under five feet) for up to a half hour. So a drop into the sink, a puddle, or even the toilet will be fine (just wash it reeeeally well afterward.). Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (45). Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. As the name implies, the Sony Xperia X Performance is built for speed. Processing power is provided by one of the fastest smartphone chips right now, backed by decent amounts of RAM and storage. As other premium Sony models, the Xperia X Performance is equipped with a very promising, 23MP camera boasting super-fast autofocus. It can even "predict" the trajectory of moving objects for better accuracy. The built-in battery should last through a couple of days of regular usage thanks to Sony's software optimizations added on top of Android 6.0.. Sony Xperia X Performance vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Sony Xperia X Peformance vs Apple iPhone 6s Sony Xperia X Performance Review Sony Xperia X Performance manual Sony Xperia X Performance benchmarks. OS: Android (8.0, 7.1, 7.0, 6.0). Dimensions: 5.67 x 2.76 x 0.34 inches (144 x 70 x 8.7 mm). Weight: 5.82 oz (165 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Display Physical size: 5.0 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects. Features: Time-lapse video, Continuous autofocus, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 11.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 22.1 days (530 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 15.67 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 22.5 days (540 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 22.1 days (530 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 800, 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 9 (450/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 22 Feb 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Sony F8131 , Sony F8132. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Sony Xperia X Performance Dual (F8132). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia X Performance specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $350 Buy. $787 Buy. The Xperia X Performance is the fourth Sony smartphone to receive Android 8.0 Oreo. Sony rolls out Android 7.1.1 Nougat update for Xperia XZ and Xperia X Performance. The attractive Sony Xperia X Performance on sale: get the unlocked 32GB Lime Gold US version for $367.09. Sony Xperia XZ and X Performance get the January Android security patches. Android 7.0 Nougat update for Sony Xperia X Performance available starting today. Sony rolls out first Android 7.0 concept update for Xperia X, adds November security patch. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
F8131, SO-04H, SOV33, 502SO (single SIM). June 2016 ; 19 months ago. June 2016 ; 19 months ago. June 2016 ; 19 months ago. ( 2016-06-17 ) (Hong Kong). July 2016 ; 19 months ago. July 2016 ; 18 months ago. Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 Quad Core 64-bit. Multi-touch , capacitive touchscreen , proximity sensor. mm) 1080p IPS LCD. px TRILUMINOS Display for mobile with X-Reality for mobile and Dynamic Contrast Enhancement. MP 1/2.3 Exmor™ RS for mobile sensor, Predictive Hybrid AF, Quick launch, 5x Clear Image Zoom, 24mm Wide Angle G Lens F2.0. 13 MP 1/3 Exmor ™ RS for mobile sensor, with Quick launch and 22mm Wide Angle Lens F2.0. USB 2.0 (Micro-B port, USB charging, Quick Charge 2.0). in) headphone jack , 5 pole. fingerprint sensor (except US variant) [2]. GSM GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900. Introducing the first ”X” series smartphones – Xperia X, Xperia X Performance and Xperia XA featuring new camera and battery technology. The Sony Xperia X Performance is an Android smartphone produced by Sony. Part of the Sony Xperia X series, the device was unveiled along with the Sony Xperia XA and Sony Xperia X at MWC 2016 on February 22, 2016. [3] [4] It was Sony's flagship smartphone for the first half of 2016.. The device features a 5.0 inches (13. cm) 1080p screen, also features a 64-bit 2.0. GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 64-bit system-on-chip with 3. GB internal storage with microSD card expansion up to 200. GB and includes non-removable 2700 mAh battery. The rear-facing camera of the Xperia X Performance is 23 megapixels with sensor size of 1/2.3 inch and an aperture of f/2.0, featuring Sony Exmor RS image sensor with quick launch and also features hybrid autofocus that utilizes phase detection autofocus that can focus the object within 0.03 seconds. Also the device is water and dust resistant with an IP rating of 65 and 68 and features a fingerprint sensor as well. variant will include a free Qnovo Quick Charge 2.0 charger in the box. This would be the first time ever that Sony Mobile has included something extra for its U.S. Brushed metal back of the Sony Xperia X Performance. The Xperia X Performance is preinstalled with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with Sony's custom interface and software. [7] On August 23, 2016, Sony announced that the Xperia X Performance would receive an upgrade to Android 7.0 Nougat. On November 29, 2016, the Android 7.0 Nougat update for the Xperia X Performance was officially rolled out. [9] An update to Android 7.1.1 rolled out in April 2017.. On 27 November 2017 Android 8.0 Oreo has been upgraded for Sony Xperia X Performance through build number 41.3.A.0.401.. Here are the complete description of the Xperia X Performance variants in the world:. UMTS HSPA+ 800 (Band VI), 800 (Band XIX), 850 (Band V), 900 (Band VIII), 1700 (Band IV), 1900 (Band II), 2100 (Band I) MHz LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 21, 26, 28, 38, 39, 40, 41 (SO-04H)/ 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 12, 17, 41 (502SO) [10]. The Sony Xperia X Performance made its market debut in Taiwan on June 15, 2016.. ^ "Xperia X Performance announced". ^ Hardawar, Devindra (24 February 2016). "Sony's Xperia X Performance is a confusing phone". Retrieved 25 February 2016. ^ "Sony Xperia X Performance specifications". Retrieved 27 February 2016. ^ "Sony Xperia X Performance details". Retrieved 27 February 2016. ^ "Sony Xperia X Performance Specs compared". Retrieved 27 February 2016. "Sony announces Android 7.0 upgrade list—includes the Xperia Z5, Xperia X, and more". Retrieved 23 August 2016. ^ "Xperia X Performance is first Sony handset to get Android 7.0 Nougat". Retrieved 4 December 2016. ^ "Sony Xperia X Performance Single SIM Specifications" (PDF). Sony Xperia mobile phones. See also: List of Sony Xperia phones. X10 mini / X10 mini pro. acro HD / acro S. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Smartphones Touchscreen mobile phones Sony mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2016 Digital audio players. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 8 February 2018, at 02:28. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The unlocked Sony Xperia X Performance packs a top-of-the-line processor and camera, but it's missing some key features you'd expect from a high-end phone, and it suffered from overheating in testing. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. The unlocked Sony Xperia X Performance packs a top-of-the-line processor and camera, but it's missing some key features you'd expect from a high-end phone, and it suffered from overheating in testing.. The $699.99 Xperia X Performance is the second of Sony's new to hit the US market. On paper, it's the best unlocked phone the company has to offer, with a top-of-the-line Snapdragon 820 processor, a 23-megapixel rear camera, and a waterproof build, which places it on a similar level as flagships from HTC, LG, and Samsung. But mediocre battery life, a 1080p display, and the lack of a fingerprint scanner aren't things you should encounter in this price range. And the phone overheated in our tests. For these reasons, you're better off buying the HTC 10 , our Editors' Choice for unlocked phones.. Design, Features, and Display Nearly identical in design to the Xperia X , the Xperia X Performance has the same rounded polycarbonate edges, the same metal back, and the same button and port layout. It measures 5.66 by 2.77 by 0.34 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.78 ounces, which puts it in line with flagships like the Samsung Galaxy S7 (5.61 by 2.74 by 0.31 inches, 5.36 ounces) and the HTC 10 (5.74 by 2.83 by 0.35 inches, 5.68 ounces). One-handed use is easy, thanks in part to the comfortable rounded edges.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. On the right side you'll find a power button (which lacks a fingerprint scanner in the US), a volume rocker, and a camera shutter button. The left side has a flap that covers the SIM and microSD card slots, the latter of which worked fine with a 200GB SanDisk card in testing. The bottom edge is home to a micro USB charging port, while a 3.5mm audio jack sits up top.. Unlike the Xperia X, the Performance is rated IP68 waterproof, which means it can survive being submerged in up to five feet of water for 30 minutes. I washed it in the sink and kept it in a bowl of water with no issues, but this isn't the sort of standout feature it once was. A number of newer phones (including the Galaxy S7) are waterproof.. The display is a bright 5-inch IPS LCD with good viewing angles and outdoor visibility. But at 1080p resolution (a pixel density of just 441 pixels per inch), it's not as crisp as the Quad HD panels on the Galaxy S7 (577ppi) and the HTC 10 (565ppi). The screen still looks sharp, it just doesn't stand out.. Network Performance and Connectivity Like the rest of the X series, and most Sony phones in general, the Performance is available unlocked. With support for LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/19/20/26/28/38/39/40/41, it should work well on both AT&T and T-Mobile. I tested it on T-Mobile in Jersey City and received excellent network performance. Download speed reached a high of 30Mbps outdoors, and remained in the double digits indoors. The Performance also supports dual-band Wi-Fi, NFC, and Bluetooth 4.2.. Voice calls are nothing to write home about. Transmissions are fairly clear, but can occasionally sound robotic or garbled. Noise cancellation is OK, but some background noise can come through during calls, though not significantly enough to be disruptive.. Processor and Battery With a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 2.15GHz, the phone is no slouch in the performance department, scoring 129,880 on the AnTuTu benchmark, which tests overall system performance. That's better than Galaxy S7 (123,993), thanks to the lower-resolution display. We also saw this with the OnePlus 3 (141,429), which also has a Snapdragon 820 processor and a 1080p display.. Launching apps, multitasking, and playing graphically advanced games like Asphalt 8 and GTA: San Andreas are all super smooth. The 3GB of RAM isn't as much as the 4GB you'll get with the HTC 10 or the Galaxy S7, let alone the 6GB of RAM on the OnePlus 3, but it's almost impossible to hit the RAM usage limit either way.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life is far less impressive. The phone clocked 4 hours and 5 minutes in our rundown test, which drains the phone by streaming full-screen video over LTE, with the screen's brightness turned all the way up. That's not nearly as good as the HTC 10 (6 hours, 4 minutes), and it's even lower than the Xperia X (4 hours, 48 minutes), which has a slightly smaller battery.. The adaptive charging technology Qnovo is designed to boost battery life by allowing for two days of use between charges, faster charging, and a longer battery lifespan. Those claims are not apparent in use. I managed to get a full day of battery life with average usage, and the phone lasted a full weekend in standby mode, but two days of normal to heavy usage isn't possible. That said, quick charging lets you top the 2,700mAh battery up to 60 percent in 30 minutes.. Performance Issues Camera performance is the biggest issue I encountered, but it has nothing to do with the pictures themselves. From a quality perspective, the 23-megapixel rear camera and 13-megapixel front camera are both capable of taking excellent daylight shots. Pictures are clear, with strong details and almost no noise or blur. A particularly impressive aspect is Sony's proprietary Predictive Hybrid Autofocus, which can keep a moving object in focus by predicting its motion. The low-light shooting experience isn't as good as it is one the Galaxy S7, but you still probably won't be disappointed.. In pictures taken in the PC Lab test studio, the white background behind our still life showed a distinct pink cast. It's a problem I've encountered on other Sony Xperia phones, including the Z5 , the Z5 Compact , and the X. Fortunately, manual controls allow you to adjust white balance, shutter speed, and exposure; some tweaks to the white balance fix this issue.. The bigger problem has to do with video recording. While using the rear camera to capture 1080p footage, the phone began to overheat after only a few minutes of recording. I received a message (pictured to the right) that the temperature was getting high and the camera app would shut down. The back of the phone also became noticeably warm, especially in the area around the camera sensor. A second review unit had the same problem. Even if you don't intend to shoot much video, this is unacceptable for a $700 phone.. Software Android 6.0 Marshmallow is on board. It's not a stock version—Sony's UI layer makes alterations to the lock screen, the app icons, and the settings menu. You'll find a What's New widget on one of the home screens, which shows recommended apps and games. Inside the app drawer, swiping left takes you to a search bar with the most frequently used apps, as well as a list of recommended apps below.. Although it didn't help much, the phone also has Stamina and Ultra Stamina modes. These are supposed to help improve battery life by tamping down performance, reducing screen brightness, and turning off network connectivity. Additionally, a Smart Cleaner removes temporary files to free up storage.. There's very little bloatware on the phone. There are some PlayStation apps, as well as Facebook, Movie Creator, and Spotify. Most of them, including the stock apps, can be deleted. Of the 32GB of internal storage, 14.78GB is available out of the box. Capacity can be expanded by adding a microSD card.. Conclusions For $700, the Sony Xperia X Performance doesn't bring anything new or particularly interesting to the table. It does have some of the hardware you'd expect from a top-tier phone, but the 1080p display, middling battery life, and overheating issues mean there is no reason to choose it over comparably priced alternatives. It doesn't have the semi-modular design of the LG G5 or the low-light camera performance of the Galaxy S7. The HTC 10 is the best unlocked phone you can buy right now, and our Editors' Choice thanks to its superior build quality and terrific audio performance. But even the $400 OnePlus is a better alternative, with the same fast processor and display resolution as the Performance, but with no worrisome heating issues.. Bottom Line: The unlocked Sony Xperia X Performance packs a top-of-the-line processor and camera, but it's missing some key features you'd expect from a high-end phone, and it suffered from overheating in testing.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Sony Xperia X Performance review: a luxury let down. Sony Xperia XA review [hands on]. Sony Mobile’s recent past has been riddled with problems. confusion over brand names and week-one price drops, it’s no surprise that its smartphone sales are floundering. With new branding for its flagship series, can Sony’s Xperia X Performance also kick-start. a turnaround for Sony Mobile’s sales? Find out what we think in our Sony Xperia X Performance review.. ✓ Performance worthy of the name. ✓ Nice selection of default wallpapers. Sony Xperia X Performance release date and price. The Sony Xperia X Performance is not yet available, but it can be pre-ordered starting at $699 unlocked. You can find it at Best Buy , B&H. The device is available in rose gold, lime gold, graphite black, and white, but available variants differ depending on the reseller.. The Xperia X Performance release date is slated for July 17. Our test device for this review was the 32 GB US model in graphite black.. Sony Xperia X Performance design and build quality. The Sony Xperia X Performance is elegant. but looks much the same as previous Xperia phones. The X Performance is quite thick for a flagship. Sony has bid farewell to its logo on the back of the device, and only Xperia remains. Despite offering water resistance, the Xperia X doesn't require a special tool to access the SIM and microSD card tray. The X Performance benefits from the IP68 certification for dust and water resistance. Anybody familiar with Sony’s Xperia Z device designs will be immediately at home. Despite a change in title, you could easily think of the Xperia X Performance as an Xperia Z6 – it looks and feels just like an iteration on the Xperia Z5 (and devices before it).. The X Performance is almost identical to the mid-tier device in the X range that we previously reviewed, the Sony Xperia X , though the Performance model is a few millimeters thicker (arriving at 8.7 mm compared to 7.9 mm). Those in search of the sleekest Android machine available should take note: it’s not thick, but it’s thicker than most of the 2016 flagships and it’s one of the first. Thickness aside, this looks like a typical Sony Xperia, built of premium-feel brushed metal and glass (I reached out to a Sony PR to confirm. the exact material used, and they said. "the back of the device is brushed metal" and referred me to the specs sheet). The build quality is strong and it’s both comfortable to hold and impressive to look at.. The metal finish on the device rear and sides give it a sophisticated overtone which is hard to beat. Device’s like the Nextbit Robin, or perhaps the LG G5, seem to lack refinement. It’s a hefty little devil, weighing 164 g, and combined with its shiny. gray color, it lives up to any expectations instilled by its high price tag: it feels like an expensive piece of hardware. The smartphone's good looks are only boosted by the 2.5D glass on the front and soft, square corners.. Size-wise, the Xperia is X Performance sits between the Xperia Z5 Compact and Xperia Z5. With a 5-inch display, it’s a comparatively small handset, which is appreciated in a market crowded by 5.2 to. The bezels, however, are quite large, with Sony failing to hit even a 70 percent screen-to-body ratio, but the integration of stereo front-facing speakers makes up for this somewhat: at least those bezels are going to good use.. IP68 certification for dust- and water-resistance is also in effect, true to Sony flagship form.. As a long-time user of Xperia devices, there are a few aspects of the design that I find disappointing, however. Firstly, the volume rocker is placed so far down the handset that it’s hard to press with your thumb when held in the right hand. Perhaps a small detail, but I frequently adjust the volume of media, calls and my Bluetooth speakers and headphones, so I find this uncomfortable and annoying.. Another irksome feature is the integration of the notification LED into the top speaker. Speakers are speakers, notification lights are notification lights;. combining these disrupts the symmetry of the handset. it’s not a radical departure from past Sony devices, and. might be a bit too familiar now. the few changes that have been implemented on this device aren’t exactly for the better.. Still, the Xperia Z6 Xperia X Performance. a very attractive smartphone and simply gliding fingers over its silky rear is a pleasure. Despite quibbles, if you're in the market for an understated and confident handset look and feel, this Xperia could be the device for you.. The X Performance display offers good viewing angles and outdoor visibility. The most demanding can change the display settings. The Sony Xperia X Performance arrives with a 5-inch Full HD display with 441 pixels. It’s an IPS LCD display, giving it a cooler tone than its LED competitors, and images look true to life thanks to Sony X-Reality for Mobile image-enhancement software.. If this isn’t to your liking, you can switch it off, or even make use of 'Super-Vivid mode' which increases the overall saturation to deliver vibrant images.. Letting the user quickly alter the color palette and saturation to. their particular preference is a nice addition, even when Sony’s display is still highly capable with the setting switched off.. Viewing the display in direct sunlight is fine with the brightness whacked up, and screen protection comes in the form of scratch-resistant glass with an oleophobic coating – Sony uses its own alternative to Corning's Gorilla Glass.. At a glance, the X Performance. suffers little compared to its QHD friends (there are only a few occasions where QHD can really be taken advantage of), but for the price, and future potential, I’m still disappointed that Sony didn’t integrate a 2K display, especially when they released a 4K-display phone last year .. Xperia UI, based on Android Marshmallow, makes use of distinctive, round icons. The Sony Xperia X Performance is running on Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 with Sony’s Xperia user-interface on top. Xperia UI is one of the more distinct Android skins, making. use of its own buttons and settings menus, but you’ll be familiar. with the notification shade and quick-settings, which stick. If you don’t know what any of this means, head to our Android UI guide .. Xperia UI arrives bundled with the usual Sony apps such as Album, Music and Video, as well as Sony’s own What’s New store. What’s New is like a poorer version of the Play Store and I can’t imagine users will get much mileage out of it. The same can be said for its Lounge app, but at least this one can be deleted.. Sony’s dedicated media apps are completely functional, but they aren’t removable, which is a shame seeing as many users have their own preferences for these types of apps.. Additionally, Sony has its own Themes store where you can download complete UI overhauls. These are generally used to promote Sony movies or products, but there are the occasional themes which stand. on their own and the X range's default wallpapers look great.. Sony makes use of a number of its own settings, too. options are complemented by detailed and useful audio settings (discussed in the audio section) and extras like Glove Mode and Tap to Wake Up, which wakes up your device display when you double tap it. present in the stock Android software, and I welcome them here.. Sony has packed in a bunch of credible features alongside some disappointing ones. I’m happy to take the rough with the smooth but simply allowing users to delete or disable the unwanted apps would elevate the interface.. As a final consideration on the software side, don’t expect timely Android updates from Sony. The Japanese company is making strides to improve the speed at which these are delivered, but I don’t predict a huge turnaround in the next year or so. It took until April 2016 to bring its flagships up to speed with Android Marshmallow, half a year after the source code was released.. The X Performance is the most powerful Xperia device yet. 3D Mark Sling Shot ES 3.0. 3D Mark Sling Shot ES 3.1. 3DMark Ice Storm Unlimited ES 2.0. Galaxy S7 edge. Inside the Sony Xperia X Performance is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor supported by 3 GB of RAM, while the internal storage capacity comes in at 32 GB or 64 GB (depending on the variant). and can be expanded via microSD card up to 200 GB.. these hardware components ensure that the Xperia X Performance is completely capable of playing the latest Android games without a hitch but it has also secures this device's place as the highest-performing Sony phone to date.. With performance in the title, this was to be expected, but I’m nonetheless happy to report that this is in fact the case. In its 3DMark Sling Shot test, a recognized graphics performance measurement tool, the X Performance even bested. the Samsung Galaxy S7 .. That said, the Xperia X Performance isn’t pushing around as many pixels, so this no doubt forms part of the reason.. The X Performance's overall performance doesn’t, however, exceed many of its competitors (LG G5, Galaxy S7, HTC 10, OnePlus 3) in benchmarks and the reason for this is likely due to. one area: the X Performance is the only one with 3 GB of RAM;. its opponents have 4 GB or more.. In day-to-day, real-world use, it’s an excellent performer.. The stereo speakers deliver stellar audio from the X Performance. A graphic EQ with bass enhancement and other effects found in Sony's settings menu. Sony has a good habit of delivering on sound quality and the X Performance excels in this regard once again. The device makes use of stereo speakers on the front which are perfectly capable of meeting all my multimedia needs.. The X Performance provides a clear sound for watching videos, listening to music or simply talking to someone. but this doesn’t come at a cost to quality and Sony's dedicated audio settings do an excellent job of optimizing the sound experience.. and other sound enhancement effects are found in the X Performance settings menu and the Sony headphones supplied with the smartphone are also high quality and show off the strengths of the handset.. The X Performance has a useful predictive hybrid autofocus system. Check out our full Xperia X Performance gallery here. A late, sunny afternoon in Berlin. Sony's camera app contains some forgettable effects. Taking pictures is faster but their processing takes longer. Xperia X Performance uses the same camera setup as the Xperia X:. rear camera with f / 2.0 aperture and a 13 MP front-facing camera with f / 2.0 aperture. a surprise from a Sony device, it’s not very good.. This camera is new to the X range, an ‘upgrade’ compared to the Xperia Z5, with the. main difference compared to last year's flagship being the X Performance's new, and very fast, predictive hybrid autofocus system. This helps to better capture moving objects and reduces. blur when the smartphone is moving.. The quality of the photos themselves is generally okay. They’re good in well-lit environments with balanced colors, while shooting in darker environments generates a serious amount of noise.. I expected that the 23 million pixels in the sensor would ensure that details remained sharp when zoomed in, but the image processing could be better here,. see a lot of noise generated on closer inspection of images.. Sony’s camera software, meanwhile, includes two main shooting modes: Superior Auto and Manual. Superior Auto serves its purpose as a go-to solution for taking quick snaps, where it automatically chooses settings based on the lighting / environment. In practice, this mode works very well and, though I am an amateur as far as photography is concerned, I never felt a need to stray beyond this to improve a picture.. but could be a little more comprehensive. You can select white balance and ISO values, but that’s about the extent of the advanced controls. It’s a little slim for those wanting to really push the camera.. Videos are helped by Sony’s image stabilization. A strange decision, given that past Sony phones could shoot in 4K, or perhaps not so strange given that they did have a tendency to overheat .. All in all, camera performance is a disappointment. the X Performance is equivalent to, or worse than, the Xperia Z5. Granted, the Z5 features one of the best Android cameras. But as it’s now more expensive successor, I expected more. If you are looking for the Android phone with the best camera, this is not it.. The 2,700-mAh battery may be limiting if you like to watch a lot of videos. Like camera technology, battery life is another area where Sony typically rises above the competition. Unfortunately, the battery performance here leaves something to be desired.. The Xperia X Performance cell itself is around 10 percent smaller than its main competitors, at 2,700 mAh (the HTC 10 and Galaxy S7 feature 3,000-mAh cells). This 10 percent deficit is observable in general usage and results are disappointing.. Getting more than 24 hours of standby time out of the X Performance. With heavy use, you will struggle to reach the end of the day. This is especially the case if you watch a lot of videos or take. After 12 hours of, admittedly pretty intensive, use, the battery. If you want to reach the "two days of battery. life" mark, you’ll need to make use of the Stamina or Ultra Stamina modes provided by Sony while also paying. crippling most of your devices functionality, is. efficient in dramatically extending standby times. This brings your display to a single home screen with no Wi-Fi or data usage but it could provide for 5-7 days of standby time.. The Xperia X Performance has a quick-charging system, which goes some way to making up for its poor battery performance, but doesn’t feature USB Type-C or wireless charging.. Sony Xperia X Performance technical specifications. 143.7 x 70.5 x 8.6 mm. 1920 x 1080 pixels (441 ppi). The Sony Xperia X Performance isn’t a bad smartphone. With water-resistance, a bright Full-HD screen, useful software, strong performance, and microSD card support, it’s not bad at all. It’s just bad value .. It lacks a fingerprint sensor, QHD display, USB Type-C and wireless charging. These won’t be a concern for every user (I don’t care about any of that, personally), though they could become valuable in the next couple of years.. But none of that even matters because the Xperia X Performance has a $700 price tag. Given the disappointing camera software and battery life, this cost is far too steep.. I’m a fan of the build quality, water-resistance and microSD card support, but this is barely an upgrade to the Xperia Z5, which can be found for. In fact, with the better camera performance. and a larger battery, I’d say the Z5 is an even better option, despite that it will probably receive one less Android update.. When Sony released the Xperia Z2 and Xperia Z3, I thought that the general. lack of interest in the devices was unfair; people just didn’t understand Sony had to offer, I thought. Disappointingly, this time around, if the X Performance is overlooked, I think it would be. We called the Xperia X a high-priced. If it wasn’t for a Snapdragon 820 processor, I’d. be tempted to level the same criticism at the Xperia X Performance.. This article has been rewritten since the original hands-on review and comments below may not reflect the current content.. Additional contributions from www.androidpit.fr editor Pierre Vitré. Xperia X Performance is a good rating smart phone. Sony launches Android 7.0 Naugat For Xperia X Performance. The phone is over priced for now, however, you should learn what a millimetre is. Puts your thickness up for debate and whether you understand any of the other technical stuff ;-). listen everybody.forget these 3 new sony phones.forget the z5 range as well.go and get the z3 or z3 compact.they are great phones.any top phone from 2014 and on is good.i have a few.i compared them to my htc one m7 from 2013 and they are a big step up in perfomance.they are all you need. Still no OIS and tons of noise dots indoor, still very soft and heavy chromatic dispersion at the edge of the sample photos and heavy post-processing almost every where. It's very disappoint from a company that dominant the sensor market giving this kind of result and make image quality as one of their selling point. The way they tuning their camera seems no improve from Z2, such a shame.. " It’s an IPS LCD display, giving it a cooler tone than its LED competitors," What? Writing clueless stuff like this makes the readers wonder what you know about any of the tech in the phones you review. LED is used as backlighting of LCD displays - including ones with a IPS panel. You might just as well say "this car has a diesel V8, giving it more torque than its turbocharged competitors" about a turbodiesel V8 engine.. It seems like my z2 still better than this new x series at all levels! Sticking with z 2 till something better will arrive! Cheers. great for a mid range phone but price would be a sticking point. maybe when its cheaper, but then the z5 will keep coming down.. Is the Sony smartphone department CEO deliberately trying to sabotage the Xperia phones? Is he bought and paid by Samsung and apple or something? I own xperia Z since summer 2013. Bought a charging dock as well. I swam in the sea, in the pool, I live in an extremely hot and humid environment. It's waterproofing broke in summer 2016 because I washed it everyday with soap and warm water. It's scratched and pieces are missing from the bezels but it's still working!! Still 1 day medium usage battery life. The BEST phone I ever had. Better than many newer models of same specs (Samsung A5 eg) Why is Sony releasing such disappointing phones? I would have bought z5 but the battery performance was a downgrade from z2/3. I wanted to buy x performance but it's even more of a downgrade from z5! WE WANT A GREAT BATTERY AND WATERPROOFING. That's what Xperia MEANS for me and millions of Sony fans.. Sony The best for sound and music. hhmmm, not very sure if im still gonna get it after reading this. I would leave buying it for a few months then the price will drop significantly, but as i said don't believe reviews they were rubbishing the Z5 camera but customers put that above the S7 in a poll so i would definitely buy the xperformance but not until the price has dropped. Yet another review that contradicts itself! think the only thing that you got right is it is to expensive.. Thanks as ever Peter what did I do now?? ;). Ha ha Scott you didn't do nothing wrong! after all you have had your hands on it which i haven't, but i do think buying a new phone is like buying a car when you first get in it you think have i done the right thing my old one was better! but after a few weeks of getting used to it and tweaking things here and there to suit you your mind changes and the new one always ends up best same as a phone? hope you get the ghist of what I'm saying? 😀. Haha I understand and you're right, opinions change over time and you get to learn more of the subtleties of these products once you've spent more than a month with them. I think your advice of waiting for a price drop before buying might be a good idea for this one. Sony reduced the Z5 price by 10 percent just one week after it launched in the US, so people might not have to wait long! ;). Xperia X price dropped by nearly 10% two weeks after launch. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01FJT7N4W/? Definitely wait a few weeks before ordering the X Performance, folks.. The benchmarks you have show the performace is out performing the s7 edge by about 10% but you says it lags behind in performance. That doesnt make sense to me. Completely misleading article title - should be titled a "Early Preview" given that it's not out yet and this was a pre-release version of the phone.. Yeah we use the term "Hands On review" when it's just an early preview. When the full review is online we take out the "hands on" part and it just says "review". MWC 2018 live updates: Sony's Xperia gets a makeover. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Sony's Xperia X Performance is a confusing phone. It's faster than last year's Xperia Z5, but doesn't have a better screen or camera.. If you need another reminder that Sony is hurting in mobile, just take a look at the Xperia X Performance. It's the most powerful version of the electronics giant's new phone lineup , but rather than a full-fledged successor to the Xperia Z5 (itself a mid-range entry), it's more of a half-hearted attempt at staying relevant. But if you want the fastest Sony phone around, it's also your only option.. The Xperia X Performance is the most intriguing of Sony's new X lineup with its Snapdragon 820 processor, waterproof case, and 3GB of RAM. The base Xperia X only has a Snapdragon 650 processor, and the Xperia XA is even worse off with a MediaTekHelio P10 chip (along with lower specs all around). But, unfortunately, it's only rocking a 5-inch, 1080p screen, which is 0.2-inches smaller than the Z5 (as well as the same resolution). And while its 23 megapixel rear camera and 13 megapixel front-facing camera sound impressive, they're also the same sensors we got last year. Of course, we also loved the Z5's screen and camera, so perhaps Sony didn't need to change much after all.. Specs aside, the X5 Premium feels pretty great. At 8.7 millimeters thick, it's noticeably chunkier than the 7.1 millimeter thick iPhone 6S, but that also gives it a solid feel that I've grown to miss as flagship phones got thinner and thinner. And as always with Sony phones, its metal case gives it a decidedly premium feel. It's a phone that feels like it can withstand a few drops without falling apart, but at the same time it feels luxurious in your hand.. While it seems like the Xperia Z line is pretty much dead , Sony tells us it'll stick around at least until the summer. It's unclear if we'll actually see a new Z model this year, which means the Xperia X Performance is your best choice if you want the fastest Sony phone around. If you're looking for an even bigger and better screen though, along with improved battery life, the Z5 Premium is still worth considering.. Chris Velazco contributed to this report.. gadgetry , gadgets , gear , mobile , sony , XperiaX , XperiaXPerformance. Devindra has been obsessed with technology for as long as he can remember -- starting with the first time he ever glimpsed an NES. He spent several years fixing other people's computers before he started down the treacherous path of writing about technology. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. Sony Xperia X Performance review: You deserve a lot more phone for $700. Seriously, Sony? The Xperia X Performance performs well enough, but it's absolutely not worth its outrageous price tag. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Sony Xperia X review: A mid-range device with no clear direction. 3 key ways the Xperia X Performance is a better phone than the Xperia X. Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus review: No longer the best budget smartphones.... Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. Sony’s version of flagship design [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. An OK camera for an OK phone Florence Ion. What is up with these ads?. Should you buy this phone? Florence Ion. No, you aren’t experiencing déjà vu. What you see here is Sony’s Xperia X Performance, the higher-end sibling of the Xperia X. It’s not a complete disappointment like its mid-range counterpart, but considering it only offers a minor performance upgrade, its $700 price tag should make you blind with rage.. I’m not happy with where Sony is taking its Xperia X series. I was expecting a successful reboot of the terminated Xperia Z family, but instead we got a trio of underwhelming re-entries into the Android smartphone scene. The Xperia X Performance’s higher-end components and water resistance certainly make it the most appealing hardware option among the three Xperia X smartphones, but it’s hardly worthy of its flagship title.. I can’t help but talk about how much I miss the Xperia Z series. Those phones were truly works of art, even with their quirks. They were light and thin, and came in a variety of fun colors. At their debut, they were some of the few Android smartphones that could even remotely compete with Apple’s iPhone.. The Xperia X Performance starts out looking premium.... ...but its backside tells a different story.. Conversely, the Xperia X Performance feels too cheap to be a marquee Sony device. It has Sony’s sharp edges and unibody design, but it’s covered in a weird mixture of thick, tempered glass on the front, and weirdly unimpressive aluminum on the back. Sony probably would have been better served by co-opting Samsung’s design choices, and covering the entire thing in glass.. The Xperia X Performance features a volume rocker and a quick-launch camera button, which also works as a shutter button underwater.. A slot on the left side opens up to a SIM and microSD tray.. The Xperia X Performance employs a microUSB port rather than the new USB Type-C standard.. The Xperia X Performance is water- and dust-resistant, but not particularly durable: I chipped the corner of the phone after accidentally dropping it while walking to my car. Granted, Sony’s Xperia Zs weren’t exactly the most durable smartphones either (remember when I dropped the Xperia Z Ultra ?). But at least those Z phones weren’t so thick that I’d mind putting a case on them. The Xperia X Performance is a chunky 8.7 mm thick compared to the Xperia Z5’s 7.3 mm thickness (granted, the Z5 never actually made it to the U.S.).. The Xperia X Performance’s 5-inch 1080p IPS LCD display is also somewhat disappointing. It’s over-saturated, but not in a good way like Samsung’s Super AMOLED technology. Bright colors appear slightly blown out, which is especially noticeable in apps that follow Android’s Material Design guidelines. But if nothing else, the X Performance’s display can get very bright, which is nice when you need to use the phone in glaring summer sunlight.. Unlike the Xperia X, which uses the mid-range. Snapdragon 650 processor, the Xperia X Performance uses Qualcomm’s latest high-end chip, the Snapdragon 820. It’s the same chip that’s inside all of its competitors, including the Galaxy S7, HTC 10, and LG G5.. Sony’s Xperia X Performance tested rather well in day-to-day tasks like browsing the web and switching between apps.. Like to play games? The Xperia X Performance is capable, but the Galaxy S7 beat it slightly in 3DMark.. The Xperia X Performance performed as expected alongside the rest of the flagship lineup in our benchmark tests. In PCMark, which tests pedestrian tasks like browsing the web and editing documents, the phone actually performed better than the competition, despite boasting the same 3GB of RAM included in all the other phones. However, 3DMark results came in short of the competition, despite Sony using the same chip. Regardless, no app stuttered during my own day-to-day testing.. The Xperia X Performance’s battery life was incredibly disappointing.. The Xperia X Performance’s battery results were disappointing—especially considering this higher-end model has a slightly larger battery than the mid-range Xperia X.. In our Geekbench battery rundown test, the phone’s 2700mAh battery died nearly two hours earlier than the Galaxy S7’s slightly larger 3000mAh battery. Even the Xperia X, which uses an incrementally smaller 2620mAh battery, outlasted the so-called “Performance” model. The Xperia X Performance fared just a bad in PCMark's battery test. The results were a bit surprising considering the stellar battery life I experienced with the device on standby.. The Xperia X Performance’s 23-megapixel camera pairs better with the device’s Snapdragon 820 processor.. Like the mid-range Xperia X, the Xperia X Performance features a 23-megapixel rear-facing camera with an aperture of f/2.0. Lke its sibling, the phone shoots with 8-megapixels on the rear by default, so you’ll have to go in and change that before you start snapping away.. There’s also a 13-megapixel front-facing camera.. A shot from New York City’s High Line. Notice the extreme overexposure toward the top of the photo because of the glare off of the glass buildings.. The Xperia X Performance produced an OK shot during a dreary day, though a little more contrast could have helped it pop.. These flowers were especially vibrant in real life... Again, notice how overexposed the sky is.. I was really hoping for better low light performance, but alas.. There’s not much difference in camera performance between the Xperia X and Xperia X Performance. I was disappointed with the photos produced by the mid-range Xperia X during testing, so, for a recent trip, I brought along an extra phone in case the. Xperia X Performance starting failing me as well. But, thankfully, Sony’s higher-end model was good enough. Performance’s processor bump helped the camera app run more smoothly, and the phone didn’t shoot blurry, glitchy photos like the Xperia X.. Even in our lab test, you can see the Xperia X Performance’s propensity to over expose in bright light.. The Xperia X Performance is decent in low light as long as you can hold the phone perfectly still. Here it’s buckled in to a tripod.. Still, you’ll have to contend with Sony’s awful, bloated camera apps, weird augmented reality add-ons, and limited manual mode. If you’re really considering this phone for whatever reason, I suggest going third-party with the camera app, too. I’ve even put together some suggestions !. The Xperia X Performance’s interface is simple enough, but far from what I’d call a near-stock Android experience.. The Xperia X Performance runs the latest version of Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 with Sony’s own user interface on top. But like the Xperia X, it has a number of ridiculous “recommended applications” taking up space in the app drawer. You can easily ditch these by installing another launcher or by throwing your phone out the window, though I’d caution strongly against the latter choice, considering the cost of the phone.. The mere existence of this is agravating.. In all seriousness, I’m bummed that the Xperia X Performance doesn’t run the simple Marshmallow interface that Sony teased late last year. Hopefully, Sony will get rid of this weird interface add-on in a future software update.. Is this your next phone? Only if Sony reduces the price by. I’ll never stop mourning the death of the Xperia Z series, especially because I don’t see the Xperia X series picking up where those phones left off. I like some aspects of the Xperia X Performance, like its water resistance, its speedy processor, and the fact that it’s a really comfortable phone to use. But I can’t call it a premium device because it simply doesn’t feel like one. It’s not worthy of flagship status, either, and I suspect Sony will have to try really, really hard to convince the public that it’s worth an exorbitant $700.. All that said, this is still the only Xperia X variant worth even considering. So, if you’re really aching to get a Sony device back into your hands, wait until the company gets the hint—like it did with the Xperia X — and drops the price by about $200.. The Xperia X Performance is totally not worth its flagship title, though it'd be a worthy buy if it were $200 cheaper.. Same Snapdragon 820 as the rest of the flagship competition. Florence reports on all the latest Android and smart home gear for PCWorld, Greenbot and TechHive. Follow her on Twitter at @ohthatflo .. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. Sony Xperia X Performance review: $700 worth of disappointment. It's not a bad phone, just a bad deal.. The company has tried time and again to craft a smartphone that would find success in the US, and time and again it has fallen short. But when Sony pulled back the curtain on a batch of new Xperia X's at Mobile World Congress earlier this year, I allowed myself to get a little excited. Maybe these were the right phones at the right time, I thought, and maybe a company whose products I otherwise respected would find the foothold it was looking for. After being underwhelmed by the standard Xperia X last month , I still held out hope that the high-end Xperia X Performance would be the phone Sony needed.. Don't get me wrong: It's a serviceable device, and in many ways it's actually very nice. The thing is, a $700 smartphone should be able to deliver some modicum of excitement to the person who owns it; the X Performance mostly just leaves me cold.. Gallery: Sony Xperia X Performance review | 22 Photos. Lacks some features you'd expect from a flagship. Sony, what are you doing? Though the $700 Xperia X Performance features a flagship-level processor and runs well as a result, Sony apparently didn't feel the need to bring anything new to the table. What we have here is a reasonably good smartphone that lacks soul or ambition, and ultimately costs too much for what it is.. Hardware Display and sound Software Camera. Even though the X Performance is the most high-end of the four Xperia phones Sony plans to launch in the US, you wouldn't be able to tell just by looking at it. In fact, do yourself a favor: Don't put an Xperia X Performance down next to a regular Xperia X, because you'd probably never tell them apart. From the 5-inch, IPS LCD display up front to the 23-megapixel camera around back, these two devices are nearly identical. Well, until you spill a drink on them, at least. The X Performance picks up where previous Sony flagships left off with an IP68-rated chassis that helps it shrug off dust and water with ease, even when you stick it under a soda machine and let sticky stuff like Coke fly.. Beyond that (and as the name implies) we're basically looking at an Xperia X with a faster quad-core Snapdragon 820. That has its ups and downs, though: The chipset, paired with 3GB of RAM, gives the X Performance flagship-level horsepower, but the phone still suffers from some irritating design quirks. For one, you'd think a modern flagship phone -- one that costs $700, no less -- would have a fingerprint sensor for quick and easy authentication. Nope! The international version has one, but we Americans have to do without. Meanwhile, the placement of the volume buttons beneath the sleep/wake button on the right edge just seems dumb. Unless you're a professional finger contortionist, it's really difficult to hold the X Performance in your right hand and turn the volume down. It might be a mainstay of Sony's "OmniBalance" design language, but that doesn't mean it's not a bad idea.. The X Performance's fit and finish are lovely, and there's something alluringly ... There's a physical, two-stage camera button sitting below those tricky volume keys, and it's generally a joy to use. On the other edge is a SIM/microSD card tray you can pull out with just your fingernail, instead of having to rely on a paper clip you had to scrounge for. That tray, by the way, will take memory cards as big as 200GB, which is helpful, since 12GB of the X Performance's 32GB storage allotment is eaten up by system software. Since the X Performance comes with a more powerful processor, it has a bigger battery than the normal X too, if only just. I liked this 5-inch, 1080p IPS LCD screen when I first saw it on the Xperia X, and my feelings about it haven't changed. It's a generally great panel, capable of bright, vivid colors and deep blacks. We have the one-two punch of Sony's Triluminos display tech and its X-Reality engine to thank for those colors, though you have the option to tweak the screen's white balance and saturation settings if the defaults aren't your speed.. While the screen Sony used hasn't changed, though, the context around that display couldn't be more different. A 1080p panel is fine for an ostensibly mid-range phone like the Xperia X, but some of the most impressive flagships we've seen this year came with Quad HD displays. Remember, this is a phone that costs $700 -- if Sony could squeeze an honest-to-goodness 4K screen into the Z5 Premium , why couldn't it have tried to at least match its competitors with a screen running at 2,560 x 1,440?. Resolution aside, I really can't complain about the X Performance's screen. The speakers, on the other hand, leave a little more to be desired. There are two drivers baked into the Xperia's face for stereo sound, and most of the time audio comes out clear, if a little spacious. The phone's maximum volume falls short of some competitors' too -- though, really, you probably weren't going to use this thing to run your next party playlist anyway. Curiously enough, you can make up for that lack of oomph a bit by putting it down on a table instead of holding it. Seriously! A selection of show tunes I played seemed noticeably meatier when the X Performance was sitting face up on a wooden table. Or, you know, you could just plug in a pair of headphones. If you do, you'll be prompted to go through an "automatic optimization" process that didn't seem to do much during my week of testing.. While earlier Xperia phones didn't receive software updates in a timely manner, there's nothing to worry about here: The X Performance ships with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. As usual, it's obscured somewhat by Sony's custom interface, and it can be pretty damn polarizing. For the most part, I'm fond of Sony's use of bold colors and minimal changes to the core Android experience. Those changes aren't minimal enough for some, though; my new colleague Cherlynn is no fan of Sony's changes, stylistic or otherwise. Sure, you'll have to contend with a few widgets enabled out of the box, but for the most part Sony has done well staying out of Android's way. My only real gripe: Swiping right in the app launcher brings up a search screen with recommendations for apps you should download, and some of them are sponsored. That's not to say the X Performance doesn't come with extras. The upside to Sony's not having an overbearing carrier partner this time around is that there's no carrier bloatware in sight. Instead, the few pre-loaded apps here are welcome additions: The SwiftKey keyboard is enabled by default, for one, and the PlayStation app is there for those who want to control their PS4's. Still, you also get an undeletable copy of AVG Protection that you'll probably never use, and a Sony app called Sketch lets you doodle on photos you've taken. Why did we need this? It's a mystery for the ages. If it were up to me, all high-end Android phones would just ship with stock Android. Since that obviously will never happen, we'll have to keep dealing with custom UIs painted on top of Android. At least Sony's is among the least troublesome.. As mentioned, the Xperia X Performance has the same cameras as the bog-standard Xperia X, which means it has the same issues too. First, the good: The 13-megapixel selfie camera is pretty great, and the 23-megapixel main camera can snap some vibrant, detailed photos in well-lit conditions. It's fast to lock on to targets too, if not quite as fast as Samsung's Galaxy S7 line .. For situations with moving subjects, you'll be glad to know you can tap the target on-screen to make the focus follow it. (In my experience, it's good for babies, so-so for cats and kind of lousy for cars.) And there's really something to be said for having a physical shutter button, one that you can half-press to focus on something. They're more or less passé at this point, but as far as I'm concerned, the more physical controls, the better. If you require even more control, you can switch into a full manual mode that allows for adjustments to white balance, exposure and more.. Gallery: Sony Xperia X Performance camera samples | 18 Photos. Performance and battery life Xperia X Performance HTC 10 Samsung Galaxy S7 OnePlus 3 AndEBench Pro 12,637 16,673 14,168 13,841 Vellamo 3.0 3,307 4,876 4,285 5,202 3DMark IS Unlimited 26,070 26,747 28,529 30,058 SunSpider 1.0.2 (ms) 710 608 1547 699 GFXBench 3.0 1080p Manhattan Offscreen (fps) 37 48 45 48 CF-Bench 40,252 49,891 51,227 41,653 SunSpider 1.0.2: Android devices tested in Chrome; lower scores are better. Things get a little less pleasant in the dark, where you'll start to see a fair amount of grain and soft edges appear. Sony tried to mitigate this from the get-go by setting the default image resolution to eight megapixels with oversampling. This mode basically tries to squeeze the data of a 23-megapixel photo into an 8-megapixel still, but it isn't enough to give the Galaxy S7's a run for their money. And while the X Performance typically does well in bright light, there's such a thing as a situation that's too bright. When that happens, you'll notice colors start to get washed out. Oh, and you won't be using the Xperia X Performance to shoot 4K video -- another flagship feature that's missing here. The 1080p videos the phone records are middling too, so I'm not really sure what Sony was trying to accomplish here.. And then there are the camera apps, which Sony uses to inject some silly fun into an otherwise cut-and-dried camera experience. These range from AR applications that put dinosaurs smack in the middle of your office to masks that cling to your face through the selfie camera to a beautiful sketch filter that turns the world around you into an art student's homework assignment. The only problem is that these features can cause the phone to overheat; when they do, the camera app force-closes to keep things from getting out of hand. At no point was the phone uncomfortably warm, and I guess I'm glad it acted the way it did, but I can't remember the last time a first-party feature forced a device to behave so drastically.. Thankfully, the Xperia X Performance manages to live up to its name: It feels as snappy as other flagships I've tested recently. That's all thanks to the Snapdragon 820 chipset thrumming away inside, along with 3GB of RAM and an Adreno 530 GPU. As usual, my week testing the X Performance involved lots of Slack messages, emails, podcasts and camera use, not to mention playing Real Racing 3, Mortal Kombat X and Hearthstone. Aside from those moments when using the camera made the phone overheat, I saw only occasional moments of slowdown while multitasking. The Xperia X Performance has 1GB less RAM than most of its rivals, which probably accounts for those occasional hiccups, but it's also worth noting that Sony's flagship was basically spanked when it came to benchmark tests:. As it turns out, the 2,700mAh battery in the X Performance is a mixed bag. When putting it through our standard video rundown test (looping a high-definition video with the screen brightness set to 50 percent and WiFi connected), the phone lasted only nine hours and eight minutes. That's about 50 minutes less than what we squeezed out of the OnePlus 3 , and hours behind the HTC 10 , LG G5 and both versions of the Samsung Galaxy S7. Thankfully, the X Performance fared better with daily use. I'd normally get a full day of work out it, with notable bumps in longevity on days I didn't use the camera much. If I was smart about what I used the X Performance for (note: this rarely happens) and used the included Stamina mode, I could get it to last for almost a day and a half. This is one area where the normal Xperia X outshines its more powerful cousin: I could keep that thing alive for nearly three days of light usage on a single charge. Guess that Snapdragon 820 can get pretty thirsty.. The Xperia X Performance is a phone with a flagship processor and a flagship price tag, but I'll be blunt: It's a terrible deal. Sorry! Between the average camera, underwhelming battery, questionable design choices and lack of a fingerprint sensor and 4K video recording, this phone is a hard sell. You're better off spending your $700 on a Galaxy S7 or an HTC 10, or even a OnePlus 3 and a fancy dinner. One could even make the argument that you're better off buying a year-old Sony phone like the Z5 Premium: It has a stunning 4K display, shoots 4K video and boasts a bigger battery for far less than $700. Sure, you'd be giving up an improved front-facing camera and the latest version of Android, but some people probably wouldn't mind the trade-offs at all.. If anyone from Sony is reading this, here's a serious question: What were you trying to accomplish with the X Performance? It's a perfectly passable flagship, but is this really the sort of flagship you want your name attached to? I don't mean to be overly harsh, because in most ways the Xperia X Performance is an adequate phone. The bigger issue is whether a phone that costs $700 should really just be "adequate." I'd argue no. Sony's competitors are busy innovating just to maintain some sort of edge over one another, be it Samsung devoting resources to building first-class cameras, HTC constantly refining its approach to software or LG basically throwing caution to the wind. And here's Sony, with a smartphone that costs just as much as the others and brings nothing new to the table. The Xperia X Performance is far from a bad phone; it's just halfhearted, and that won't get Sony anywhere.. android , flagship , gear , mobile , omnibalance , phone , review , smartphone , sony , xperformance , xperia , xperiax , xperiaxperformance. Chris is Engadget's senior mobile editor and moonlights as a professional moment ruiner. His early years were spent taking apart Sega consoles and writing awful fan fiction. That passion for electronics and words would eventually lead him to covering startups of all stripes at TechCrunch. The first phone he ever swooned over was the Nokia 7610, because man, those curves.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Sony Xperia X + X Performance hands-on. Sony refocuses its lineup with the lean, mean Xperia X and the beefy Xperia X Performance.. In the past, Sony's Android phones have fallen into one of a few categories: The super-high-end Xperia Z series, and mid-level offerings like the Xperia M and C series. And while its premium phones have generally been decent, the Japanese company had yet to challenge in the emerging mid-to-high-end space — the stomping grounds of the Motorolas and OnePluses of the world.. That changes today, with the unveiling of the Xperia X at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. The X takes the core of Sony's design language and feature set and transforms it into a pocket-friendly (and presumably more wallet-friendly) product. And the result is something that's worth paying attention to. Read on for our first impressions of the Sony Xperia X and X Performance.. Externally, the Xperia X takes a bunch of design cues from the Xperia Z series, with the latest iteration of its symmetrical "OmniBalance" design language. On the front, there's not much going on besides a beautiful 5-inch, 1080p display and front-facing speakers. The back is furnished in metal, in a break from the firm's usual glass-backed designs. And there's a metal-effect polycarbonate trim framing the whole assembly. It's a simple design, but it works, and it's remarkable how much more ergonomic the X feels than many of the Z-series phones.. That's partly due to the gentle curve of the glass towards its edges — an effect called "2.5D glass" by some manufacturers. Whatever you call it, it's a more natural fit for the human hand than the sharper edges of some other Xperias. The X's 5-inch size and minimal horizontal bezels also makes it easy to one-hand, though the plastic sides can feel a little slick at times.. Lightly curved glass edges and a a smaller form factor make the Xperia X the most hand-friendly Xperia yet.. Around the back there's a 23-megapixel Sony Exmor RS sensor — it's an updated version of the sensor found in the Xperia Z5 series, making it a capable shooter by any standard. But in the X series, Sony has enhanced it with motion-tracking autofocus features — a combination of hardware and software — which can keep track of objects and keep them in focus, even when they're moving erratically. Also a big deal is the move up to a 13-megapixel Sony sensor around the front, allowing for even sharper selfies.. When it comes to core specs, the Xperia X runs an octa-core Snapdragon 650 chip — a new, more powerful mid-range SoC from Qualcomm that makes use of faster ARM Cortex-A72 cores in addition to low-powered Cortex-A53s. That's paired with a new and snappier Adreno 510 GPU. Bottom line: You're getting significantly faster performance (and likely longer battery life) than the Snapdragon 615 variants found in most mid-level Android phones. The Xperia X teams its processor up with a hefty 3GB of RAM and 32 or 64GB of storage, with microSD expandability.. The X Performance adds a Snapdragon 820 and water resistance.. For those who need to be at the cutting edge of smartphones, the Xperia X Performance takes the X's design, display, camera and form factor and augments it with a Snapdragon 820 processor and water resistance capabilities. Sony reps tell us that aside from these internal changes — and a brushed metal pattern on the back of the black and silver X Performance models — the two phones are identical.. Sony also promises a return to "two-day" battery life with the Xperia X, thanks to a 2,620mAh internal battery which should complement the phone's efficient internals. And like the Z5 series, there's a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for biometric security.. When it comes to software, it's no surprise to see the Xperia X running the latest version of Android, 6.0.1 Marshmallow. But Sony's UI has grown in the past year, with brighter colors more Material Design influence and lighter, more modern icons and wallpapers. The core experience is best though of as near-vanilla Android with a sprinkling of Sony apps and features to link into the company's content and services ecosystem. The difference this time around is that many of the apps have been given a much-needed visual revamp.. So overall, the Xperia X (and the X Performance, in what little time we had with it on the show floor) look like compelling additions to Sony's lineup.. The relationship between the Xperia X and Z series is a little complex. If we had to guess, we'd imagine the X might supersede Sony's line of "Compact" phones — and if that happened, it wouldn't be a bad thing. It's the right product at the right time, and we look forward to spending more time with it later this year.. There's no info on pricing for the X or X Performance just yet, but UK carriers including Three and Vodafone have already begun to announce that they'll range the device, and it's expected to hit the U.S. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Sony Xperia X Performance quick review: A flawed phone with an obscene price. 2016/06/27 1:52pm PST Jun 27, 2016. News Phone Reviews Reviews Sony Xperia X Performance. 1 Specs 2 Design and display 3 Performance and battery 4 Camera 5 Software 6 No really, Sony. Sony is now accepting pre-orders for its line of Xperia X phones in the US, including the X and X Performance. We've already covered the Xperia X in detail , learning that it's a disappointing phone. But what of the top-of-the-line Xperia X Performance? It solves a few of the issues with the Xperia X, but it comes with a much higher $700 price tag. Is this the Sony phone you should buy, or should you buy. none of them? Let's use the Xperia X as a thoroughly mediocre and overpriced yardstick to find out.. 32 GB internal, microSD card slot. 143.7 x 70.4 x 8.7mm, 164g. The Xperia X and X Performance look almost exactly alike—in fact, I should point out right now that in all the images I have here, the X Performance is the gold phone and the white one is the regular X. Picking up the Xperia X Performance after handling the X, one thing is different; it's heavier and thicker. This phone is a little over a millimeter thicker and 12g heavier. It's not a huge difference, but it's noticeable. The added thickness in particular gives the X Performance a more blocky look.. The heftier frame is mostly thanks to one of the Performance's main upgrades over the cheaper X. This phone brings back Sony's usual. It's foolish not to include that on the Xperia X in the first place, but at least it's available on the Performance. As with the Z5 series, there's no need for a clunky port cover. However, that port is still a microUSB rather than Type-C. The rear panel is made of the same aluminum sheet as the X, which is fine overall. I think the texture feels a bit plastic-y, though.. All the buttons are in the same place on the X performance as they were on the X, and that means I should again point out how stupid this design is. The power button is in the middle of the right edge of the phone. Okay, that's fine, but the volume rocker is. It is possibly the worst location for a. volume rocker, making it incredibly awkward to press while using the phone with one hand. I assume Sony has it there for easy access to digital zoom while using the camera in landscape (the shutter button is at the very bottom), but crummy digital zoom is no reason to ruin the ergonomics of your phone, Sony.. In another repeat of what we saw with the Xperia X, the X performance does not have a fingerprint sensor. For a phone that costs $700, that is really an insane omission. It feels like Sony doesn't even want to sell this phone when every other device. The NFC chip is on the front of the phone like the X, making it essentially. Because there's no fingerprint sensor, you have to enter a PIN or pattern to confirm a transaction... but you can't see the screen if you turn the phone around to expose the sensor. It's a very dumb design quirk.. The display on this phone is identical to the Xperia X as well—a 5-inch 1080p LCD. In practice, I think it's a rather nice panel. It has very high brightness and the viewing angles are very good. The biggest issue is color accuracy, but even this isn't terrible. The display just feels too warm at the default calibration. You can fix that somewhat in the settings, but the display gets warmer at off-angles. At this price, I feel like a 1440p LCD would play better, but I don't know that Sony would be able to pull that off, in all honesty.. This phone has the same specs as the Xperia X, with the notable exception of the Snapdragon 820 instead of a 650. That's the same chip used in all the other 2016 flagships including the GS7 and LG G5. Here are some benchmarks to obsess over.. As far as how the phone performs in daily use, it's certainly faster than the Xperia X. Everything is just a little snappier and the system doesn't seem to bog down as easily. The difference in performance between the. two phones is very noticeable in games. The Xperia X struggles with heavy 3D titles, but the X performance lives up to its name.. The X Performance has a slightly larger 2,700mAh battery compared to the regular X. However, it's also a more powerful phone. I've found the battery life to be in the same ballpark, though. It's above average for a smartphone with 5-6 hours of screen time over the course of a single day. It can make it nearly two days on a charge with light use.. The Xperia X's camera was bad, especially considering the price. The X Performance camera is exactly the same, and this phone is considerably more expensive. Again, I'm baffled by how badly Sony has bungled this. The 23MP camera sensor defaults to 8MP with oversampling. That's supposed to deliver less noise and better colors. It doesn't work like that, though.. I've taken a handful of solid. photos with the Xperia X Performance. However, to have any hope of a good snapshot, you need the lighting to be perfect. Darker areas will be full of noise and the soft, discolored corners will be extremely obvious. Even then, you lose a lot of fine details because of the way Sony smooths pixels, and HDR performance is anemic at best. Maybe the phone is trying to reduce noise with the odd processing, but the effect makes images look muddy.. In low light, or even medium indoor light, the X Performance's camera is hopeless. The noise, poor color balance, and weird post-processing conspire to make your images unusable.. The reliance on electronic rather than optical stabilization also causes more blurriness issues in dim light.. Sony's camera app doesn't inspire confidence, either. It's the same as the X, meaning it's lacking much in the way of manual controls. It also has a bunch of weird AR and other effects modes that no one really wants.. I feel the need to point out again that this is a $700 phone , and the camera is garbage compared phones that cost half as much. The $399 OnePlus 3 absolutely blows the X Performance out of the water when it comes to image quality.. Sony ships the Xperia X Performance with Android 6.0.1 and the April. Other than the slightly newer security patch, everything I said for the X goes for the X Performance—the software seems identical to me. So, there are some good things and some bad things.. The good includes a mostly stock UI with some useful tweaks like the quick settings customization and the neat lock screen UI. I'm less smitten with the Sony home screen that. includes spammy recommended apps in the drawer. There's also an unnecessary cache cleaner in the settings that's enabled by default.. I've seen worse software on phones. If you make a few tweaks to the X Performance, this build of Android is pretty inoffensive.. Sony is shooting itself in the foot with the X Performance, but the rest of the X series is problematic too. They just aren't good phones, especially in the US where they lack fingerprint scanners.. It's like Sony is trying to force itself out of the smartphone market with products like the Xperia X Performance.. For $700, you get a phone with a nice display and fast internals. It also has multiple foolish design decisions, no fingerprint sensor, and a terrible camera. You could spend that money on a device like the Galaxy S7 or HTC 10 and be much, much happier. Or just get something cheaper like the Nexus 6P or OnePlus 3 that is still vastly superior to the X Performance.. Sony is pricing the phones high because someone at the company decided the mobile division needs to stop hemorrhaging money. Sony's last fiscal year was marred by a substantial $544 million loss on Xperia products.. So, spend less money on the devices and sell them for more? Not the best idea long term, but I guess that's what Sony is going for. Granted, Sony's mobile operating loss was lower last year than in the previous one. You can only push mediocre phones on consumers for so long before that will stop working, though.. the market forward and competing with other large companies that make Android phones. Instead, we get these pointless devices hobbled by Sony's unwillingness to spend development/licensing cash on a fingerprint sensor or passable camera processing.. I'm almost contemptuous of this phone's existence because it feels like a blatant cash grab—an attempt to capitalize on the Sony name to sell people an overpriced phone that isn't competitive. You should not under any circumstances buy this phone.. Tags Reviews sony xperia x performance. Google's Awareness API is now out, filled with promise and potential for abuse. Uber drivers can stream Pandora Premium free for the next six months. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. I actually think my Blu Life One X might be a better option than this.. You think? This isn't thinking anymore, this is a fact. This is exactly a Z3 with a faster SoC, smaller screen and smaller battery. I can't believe Sony's heads gave the green light to that piece of shit. How someone can genuinely think that this is a good phone for the dying mobile brand of a company?. The Life One X has a Sony sensor, and it takes indoor pictures like the one attached to this post. No, it's not the greatest on the market, but it's completely acceptable compared to what I'm seeing in this article from this phone.. Just as every smartphone on earth that boasts a Sony sensor. You can't make decent smartphones anymore.. This phone is for one person and one person only: the Sony fan with a Z4 or Z5 who upgrades to the "best" new Sony phone almost every year. Sony couldn't let those premium customers slip through its fingers - so what did it do? It stuffed a high-end SoC into a mid-range phone and gave it a flagship price.. This phone is so hard to take seriously that the product itself almost feels cynical. Like it's Sony Mobile saying "fuck it, you want a $700 Sony phone? Fine. It's $700, because that's what a 'flagship' costs.". They don't even try to justify the price. I'm really not even certain why they sent these out for review, they were absolutely begging to be pummeled by even the most forgiving of critics.. Amusingly enough, it's selling for the exact same dollar amount in Canada - or about US$535.. So still about $135 too much. 1- Fingerprint scanner is present everywhere else in the world.. 2- Pricing can be as much as 30% lower.. 3- NFC chip placement is almost irrelevant for non-Android Pay countries.. I'd be curious to see what Rita would think about it.. I'm sure she would agree the camera is garbage, and she uses her phone's camera probably more than I do. That's how she takes photos for reviews.. Most people used to talk very highly of the Z5 camera, which you were very critical of, so who knows?. Unless I am pixel piping in dark pictures, the Z5 delivers excellent photos! Bit with some software adjustment the Z5 camera could be a straight up killer. Still better options for the same or lower price. It's the competition that really crushes this phone, not the phone and its price itself.. One pluss 3 maybe, but the build quality of the 6P is just as ridiculous as sonys pricing.. Buy a Chinese phone if you want to buy a SD820 powered phone with $400 price tag.. Has sd820, better camera, has fingerprint scanner and still managed to cost 300$ less than this Sony abomination of a phone. I used to be a Sony fan, but no more. Their marketing team has gone nuts, putting flagship price on mid-range phone.. One plus three is a Chinese phone. What's the problem? I have a Huawei phone, and the build quality and performance is excellent.. I am a Sony fan but I'm not brainless. That being said I probably wouldn't buy the X's for half the price. Currently using the Z3 compact and still doing just fine after almost 2 years of use, getting good performance in general and easy 8h of screen time. I think it's a mockery that I should "upgrade" to 5-6h SoT, and just about the same poor camera software that doesn't do the sensors justice. Hope they come to their senses soon.. << my room mate Lori Is getting paid on the internet $98/hr".....!ti254n:. P1 I bought after earning 18,512 Dollars..it was my previous month's payout..just a little over.17k Dollars Last month..3-5 hours job a day...with weekly payouts..it's realy the simplest. Other than the grain, the color reproduction and other things of the previous sensor were amazing. The new one they intrduced with Z5 is just shit.. I considered the xp when my old loyal z3 died. But after some, considering I went for the Z5 witch I got a great deal on. It is almost half the price, the phone works great, even the sd810 delivers flawlessly. Only thing is the battery life, that was way better on the z3, but I am very glad I took that decision. Sony needs to step their game up on the next gen x series.. I don't think there's gonna be another generation anything out of sony's mobile division. Over 500 million in losses last fiscal year. By the way very good article and the truth be told about where sony stands in the marketplace. From what I've read sony is deliberately pricing these phones high to recoup their losses. Sure pass their stupidity onto the consumer. I'm glad the truth comes out in your reviews. Makes me not wanna buy anthing from sony!!!!. That might be, but many said the same about Z5 series. Bit i have the Z5 and I am very satisfied. I hope you are wrong about the strategy, I like Sony products, also their phones. I never complain about any of them, but I do agrre that they have made some serious stupid decisions. To bad they dont sell well, they would have been a great competitor to if they were relevant. If Sony mobile goes, I think I might try npkia again, if they return.. Sony's a company that, in recent years, has finally seemed to be recovering from its narcissistic hubris and giving customers what they want instead of what Sony wants them to want. This phone sounds like a trip back into the early 2000s when Sony believed people were willing to do ANYTHING to own a Sony product.. And I take it you're not a forgiving critic. ...yeah, as a Sony fan who's had every Z Compact so far, I couldn't justify an Xperia X... partly because there's no compact option, but mostly because it doesn't feel like an upgrade at *all*. And you know this and act like your certain because?. Sony Xperia is now on sale only at AndroidSmartphoneDeals;com. Sony smartphones have always baffled me. They make some of the best TVs and cameras out there, yet their phones have always had average screens and cameras at best. They should be competing with Samsung for phones with the best screens and cameras.. Sony's TV game has been pretty off and on in the last 10 years. It seems like they're getting it back together recently, but the swing to OLED could hurt Sony if prices on them really start to drop.. Speaking of OLED, I find it odd that Sony is not a leader in OLED technology considering they were the first to sell an OLED TV all the way back in 2008 (the XEL-1, that little 11 inch panel with the huge base). I remember going to a Sony store back then just to behold an OLED screen for the first time. they were smart to get out of it for now.. OLED TV's are still way to expensive.. a 1080p panel is more expensive than a 4K LCD panel. anyways, Sony's recent (2015+) 4K LCD models are actually really good.. i have a few friends with sony's latest models and they are really good quality, all under 1,000USD with HDR (some models with 3D too)..so their value is doing good in the TV business imo.. there is a screw loose in their mobile division though for some reason lol.. they need to get that fixed asap or else they will be hanging out with blackberry.. Sony produces professional OLED monitors but not consumer OLED devices.. I loved my Z3, it was one of the best phones I ever had, I had a lot of fun with it. That was for me the first non Nexus Phone that was worth trying and I have no regrets. After Asurion replace my awesome 32gb Z3 with an awful 16gb Samsung Galaxy S5 I was done with "skinned" versions of Android, I went back to Nexus and I'm happy with my 6P. Its sad to see Sony loosing its charm, I really feel bad for them.. So long Sony, I was waiting for another Z3-like phone, it is too late now.. Wow I would have been LIVID. The Z3 is vastly superior to the S5.. I would rather feel bad for people over paying for sony phones. The war is over for sony. Go home and cry in your soup. While your at it you better have a phone just in case. S7, 10 or g5 will do just fine!!! At least they all got 4gb's & the 820!!!! Bye-Bye sony you HAD a good run!!!!. At Brazil they TRY to sell the phone at approximately $1300... Everything is more expensive there anyways. Yeah, but Apple still has a bunch of die hard fans that would buy anything with its logo... Besides that, our country is in recession, so nobody has such a small fortune to spend at a device that isn't the best option here. If someone decides to buy an expensive device, for sure won't be from Sony... So great strategy: try to sell an overpriced device, of a brand that isn't appealing anymore as other brands, at a country that isn't swimming at money and with a crime rate that makes anyone to thinks twice before buy a device that could be easily stolen in a matter of days at street.... And I thought my country was bad. I bought the s7 for a little above us$700, and that was for an imported set since my country was initially stupid enough to officially state that theyd only sell the s7 edge. I still feel your pain though.. On contract prices here are still a massive ripoff, that's for sure.. Fun fact, iPhone profit margins are high enough to garner double the income for Apple with virtually half the number of units sold compared to Android device brands. And they have market that will indeed keep buying their products.. I have no idea how I'm going to be able to change my phone when I need to... The prices here are simply ridiculous right now.. So it seems this phone beats the G5 for most disappointing flagships of the year so far.. At least the G5 has a couple compelling features. I would never buy a G5 but I REALLY want that wide angle camera.. Sony phones have had wide angle lens since the Z5.. Imagine if Sony's mobile division was in charge of the PS4.. But ..but ..the Lock screen clock widget and wallpaper look nice. Can we have that alone and let Sony keep the phone !!. "I'm almost contemptuous of this phone's existence because it feels like a blatant cash grab—an attempt to capitalize on the Sony name to sell people an overpriced phone that isn't competitive. You should not under any circumstances buy this phone.". So what's the verdict Ryan? Do you like the phone or don't you? :-D. I need muh score out of 10! ;P. It gets √-1 out of 10.. since the Xperia Z every Sony phone looks exactly the same, can't they finally find a new design?. Samsung managed to find a nice new design from S5 to S6, LG has always different designs of their G line, HTC has at least small differences, but Sony has always the same square brick. Only differences are the size and the location of the buttons -.-. The X line WAS their redesign or at least their excuse for one. See, look, it's all brushed aluminum, instead of glass!. I was playing a bit the other day with the X, it does not feel like real aluminum to me like for example a HTC 10 does.. I just guess they replaced the glass back with aluminum coated plastic (cheaper to manufacture), while they still kept the square box design.. "We re-invented the phone": checkbox ticked. The brushed aluminum actually looks like one of those cheap 'aluminum' cases that you can get at shady phone accessory shops. The kind of hard plastic cover with some tin foil lousy excuse of aluminum glued to the back. Oh, how far has Sony fallen from grace.... They changed from a glass back to plastic. Anything is better than a glass back. Sony Z line had more changes every year than HTC. Check the difference between the z2 and the Z3 or Z5, easily different. I personally like the design, so do many others. Why change what's working, although that's what sony wants to do now. I don't think they need a redesign. They just need to get rid of that awful top and bottom bezels. Differently from Samsung, Sony's design was never garbage. I actually find the Xperia design to be one of if not the best of all manufacturers.. Why fix smth thats not broken. They're trying to make sure their mobile division is dead. Sony was once the maker a superb devices, whatever you bought, if it said "Sony" on it you knew it was quality and probably the best of its type, if you could afford it. They have really lost the plot recently. No idea why they gave up making computers, they where streets ahead of the competition is design and performance and had just about the best screen you could buy at any price. Their TV were the best, but are now the most expensive with Samsung and LG beating them hands down. For some reason they have gone off by themselves with expensive cameras, just when the market has gone. A Sony shop is now filled with useless gadgets nobody wants at silly prices. What a way to go, kamikaze manufacturer!. Only playstation and sony cameras are doing good. It's time for the samurai's to take revenge on all Sony products. Maybe you should take a stab in the toy industry. It made Japan alot of moo-la back in the fifties!!!!. For someone who is a "tech/science" writer, you should get your facts right and at least read the manual if you can't identify yourself the so "high-end" called functions of the products you criticize.... Stopped reading this so called "techy" article after in the introduction you dedicated a whole paragraph to bitch about the missing fingerprint reading sensor....that by the way it's located on the power button.... Calling yourself a writer also, I hope you know that much...readers are impressed/unimpressed starting with the introduction, so next time don't jump straightforward into the abyss and read that manual so you won't make a fool of yourself.. I'm guessing he's reviewing the American model which has the fingerprint sensor removed?. I can't put into words how much you shot yourself in the foot just now. You dedicated 3 paragraphs to telling how wrong the writer is without having YOUR facts straight.. He shot himself in the foot almost as badly as Sony. The US model does not have a fingerprint sensor, as I noted in the review.. "...especially in the US where they lack fingerprint scanners.". Now which one of us has a problem with reading?. Like I said, stopped reading this article after the introduction, and I meant it literally. Used search right now to find out you mentioned that at the end of the review...so once again mind the introduction.. If I were you, I would not be so proud of failing to read an article before criticizing it. If you'd read it, perhaps you would have realized you were missing crucial information.. i skipped the title right after "Sony". scrolled down to the comment section just to see how bad people hate them. not even worth reading the review lol. "My eyes skipped past the rest of your comment right after reading your name. That was all I needed to determine your comment was not worth reading.". i don't even know how to pronounce your username, so. The Sony page clearly states it has a fingerprint sensor. Would you mind to confirm it hasn't?. Concerning the volume rocker placement, that's been around for ages in the Z series and I actually like it. For the compact phones or really big hands it might be misplaced, but for me it works really well that way. The fingerprint sensor is region dependent. It only exists in a couple countries.. By the sound of it, it only *doesn't* exist in a few countries, namely those in north America. Heck, even New Zealand got Z5s with a fingerprint sensor.. And the volume rocker is lower on the Z5 and X series compared to the previous Z phones and it's very very annoying, you have to lift the phone to reach them they're literally at the bottom of the side.. It's only missing fingerprint scanner in the US. Everywhere else in the world it has one.. Lets take our Z series, which isn't selling well, and use cheaper hardware and charge the same price. -Selfies beat all other photos by a significant portion of market share. Whether that's good or bad is obviously none of Sony's business, but the X & X Performance product pages do emphasize selfie-taking, and the newest member of the X line has an OIS selfie cam. The outwards-facing camera is advertised as being good at taking pictures of fast-moving objects such as people playing sports, which nobody does in the dark or even low light. David, all of your photos are indoor stills, which constitutes about a quarter of the market. Could you snap a few selfies, or maybe some people moving quickly in bright light? It's a no-brainer to see why Sony is neglecting the rear-facing camera in favor of the front-facer: Most of the market doesn't really care about the rear camera. There *is* a not-insignificant portion that does, but Sony doesn't need to be worrying about maintaining a fanbase as it doesn't have one, and notably good selfie-taking ability may help with that.. The fingerprint sensor is more lamentable. But tying it to NFC payments is a strategy that doesn't matter for the USA. No one uses NFC to buy things here, mostly because of payment systems in general in the USA being a mess held together with bailing wire and glue. Use of NFC to pay for things is considerably higher overseas (66% Of Australians use it, for example) and it's most prevalent in countries with just a few large banks and relatively constrained geographic/population figures:. I'm not sure that the NFC sensor being on the front would necessarily harm things, either. NFC works perfectly well through the cases on my iPhone and Droid Turbo, so it's not like NFC can't handle not being right next to the payment terminal.. I agree that it's overpriced for what it is, but Sony isn't necessarily making bad market decisions here. It's looking at it's market (In particular everyone taking selfies and not a lot of people making contactless payments) and deciding where to cut corners to maximize profitability. Which Sony Mobile does need to do.. Well USA is still ahead of UK for NFC payments. Android Pay has only just launched over here in the past few weeks and Samsung Pay is still MIA.. Any chance you'll review the Xperia XA? I'm actually curious how that phone fairs against the rest of the X lineup.. Haha, not if Sony read this review ;). Maybe they'll finally get a clue.. I love the fact that you guys are always honest and never suck the OEMs' dicks just to get review units. That's why you're my favorite Android website.. In many ways, I think the XA could be a redeeming model. If the price is right, the MediaTek chipset could make a huge difference. Some reviewers reported up to 7 hours of video playback, and assuming Sony makes use of MediaTek's image processing chip, it could do a lot to improve the camera. Couple a capable chipset, decent screen, and Sony's light-weight take on Marshmallow, and at the right price, it could be very appealing.. I use Sony as my main phone, but I also have a Samsung Galaxy S6 as my job phone and before Sony I used Panasonic and LG, so this is not a cry of fanboyism.. But honestly, this has to be one of the worst reviews I have ever read. I dont know much about androidpolice.com and whether or not you are popular in the US or even taken seriously ( I have my doubts about that one..) but seeing how biased this review is makes you look extremely amateurish.. Not only is it very poor written ( and this comes from someone who has English as a 3rd language), but your attempts at sounding like a smart-ass and making silly puns fails on pretty much all occasions.. I want you to show me a picture taken by ANY phone ( except for maybe the Panasonic Lumix phones), and I can guarantee you that I can match the quality with my Xperia-device. If you can't take good pictures with the X Performance, then it is YOU who are a horrible photographer, and you can't blame the phone.. I agree that the camera app is awful, and makes it a tad trickier than what should be necessary to get the most out of the camera, but being a published semi-professional photographer I can guarantee you that the Xperia X range has a camera that is more than good enough lined up with other mobile devices from Apple, Samsung, LG, HTC or Sharp.. Second, you are being critical about Sony filling its phone with "bloatware". So is Itunes, Quicktime, I-this and I-that also bloatware then? Now, with this being a Android community, then perhaps it is, but have you ever read a review where that has been addressed? There was a lot more bloatware on my S6 and my Panasonic phone than on any Sony device I have owned.. If this is supposed to be a professional review, I am very surprised to see how much stuff the phone actually can do you have blatantly left out. It is too much to mention, and your other half-witted negative comments about the phone I'm not even going to bother addressing.. Surely it has it flaws, but some of the stuff you mention as flaws doesnt make sense. The volume buttons for example, are perfect placed if you are using your phone with your right hand. Why? Because your fingers mostly touches the bottom half of the screen cause that where the menu buttons are. It doesn't take a genius to figure that out, but surprisingly some don't?. So will you accept the challenge?. Someone pass around what ever Sony is smoking. Sony Mobile, go home and study.. Great battery, that's all I wanted to know :). Since "Z" was the end of good Sony phones, I guess "X" is meant to be the elimination of Sony phones for good? Well played, Sony. All that effort for the sake of a pun.. Not sure why the author is hating for no reason. I have to say the z5 is miles ahead of the x performance. But the x performance isn't a bad phone. I don't see why you think it's not worth $700. The only thing different from this and other flagship phones in 2016 is the ram. And 3gb of ram is fine for 2016 and the foreseeable future. You don't need a higher res screen 1080p is perfect for a phone so stop that stupid argument. And the battery life is very good too which is a big plus for any smartphone. The volume rocker is in a good place too. Before if you held the phone in your right hand, your thumb would naturally rest on top of the volume rocker. Now that's it's moved down you thumb has a flat surface to rest on. Also the phone has an microsd card slot which is another big plus. The fingerprint sensor is on the international model so that's not a big deal either. Just order the international model instead. The cache clear and the app recommendations need to be taken out though that's terrible. Author is hating for no reason though .. But he gave a multitude of reasons throughout the review.. My only Sony device are part of my PlayStation collection. I do like the design of their phones and the fact that they have good custom ROM support, but their prices are extremely high here on Mexico, the Z3 is still at the same price since its release. I want to like them more but I just can't.. Sony's decision makers are surely doule agents. I'm right handed, so I hold my phone in my left hand and swipe and type with my right. This puts the volume rocker in the perfect position. I've been using a Z5 Compact for over 8 months and I was missing my Nexus 5 (2013) camera so bad that I came back to the nexus line with a 5X which have not only a great camera like the 5, but with much better details. They use to have a huge FoV and this is one of the reasons they lack details. an 8MP sony photo looks like a 2MP photo when you see the photo at 100% size in a computer monitor.. Two more important things about Sony:. - Z5 line, (maybe this X line too), has a problem with the gamma when "Adaptive Brightness" is enabled. I can't believe any site posted this when doing a review. After several months with the Z5 they never fixed this issue. This is a software issue and it's some technology that tries to change gamma to make the screen brighter by software, washing all the dark colors.. - Sony firmwares are not "so stock" as everyone says. They look like stock android, but they are just like Touchwiz and many other custom android underneath. That's why, for instance, AOSP versions of these phones lack a lot of features, and have several bugs.. SONY are either stupid or are trying to force themseves out of the smartphone market all together. My wife was a faithful Ericsson ->Sony Ericsson ->Sony fan for 17 years. She had the original Xperia Z, before that the Arc S, X10, Aino etc etc. It was time for an upgrade now and ofcourse the Z5 fit the specs perfectly BUT its price was the same as the this years flagships? WTF SONY, you are no Apple. In the end she got the G5 after my suggestion, she loves it, its current, its beautiful and we got it with a 200 euro rebate as well, for a month old model. That's how you do bussiness Sony, not charging through the nose and expect people to buy your stuff because if it's expensive then it should mean it's premium and better (same shit they pulled with the PS3). Bye bye Sony, it was good while it lasted.. Uhhhh, the PS3 had other OS, Bluray and a fully fledged PS2 inside... Funny thing: When they announced the X Series, I commented on AP that they're way to pricey for what they deliver and Sony hasn't learned anything and they will go out of the market if they continue like that. And you know what? I got flamed that the phones aren't that bad and now I see this review here.. I should become a Mobile Phone reviewer :D. This review sums up why I hate the 'journalism' associated with the phone industry. Because each year's devices are virtually identical, tiny differences are taken and blown massively out of proportion. Reading this review you would think this phone as a total piece of junk. In fact, it's functionally identical to, say, an S7 or an HTC 10, but with a slightly worse camera but the advantage of good waterproofing. So basically, for people who like the design or don't particularly care about the camera, this is a perfectly fine choice, not the tool of the devil you portray it as. It's a nice looking, fast, waterproof phone that doesn't look like a kid's toy (Samsung/Apple).. I mean, to pick an example, can you show us some stats about what percentage of users actually care about a fingerprint scanner before treating that as a major issue? Or are you just picking up on that because it supports your thesis that this phone is bad and must be destroyed? And of course, for 6.7 billion people outside the US the fingerprint scanner seems to work fine.... Just so you know, the S7 has IP68 water resistant rating too. It's not just Sony phones nowadays.. Guess it goes to show how good smartphone manufacturers are right now. To such point in time that faults get magnified exponentially.. For Sony, it seems to be more of a case of journalists feeling as though the manufacturer has shot itself in its foot, and totally ignoring market trends and demand.. What ignites them, I think for me too, is that Sony is like that genius in class who just wastes his potential away by being an asshole slacker. They're capable of great things, but don't seem to want to bend to market trends. I generally agree with you, but: "totally ignoring market trends". They aren't, are they? Same processor as other flagships. Similar amount of RAM and on board storage. This phone is more similar to other 2016 flagships than it is to, say, a random phone from 2014.. Again, where is the evidence that a fingerprint sensor is something the market actually gives a crap about? Just because everyone is jamming one onto their products doesn't mean it matters (see: 3D TVs, remember those?). I'd wager most people don't even use a lock screen on their phone.. I just think reviews like this are like reviewing an Audi A3 and slamming it for not being a VW Golf, when they are actually built on an identical platform and have relatively minor differences which will appeal to different people depending on personal taste and needs.. Hehe I may sound rather melodramatic with my words (as I've known to be :p) but when I say totally ignoring market trends, it wasn't from a spec standpoint.. I do admit to what you said on the specs front. The part where I say 'totally ignoring market trends' stems from the fact that they had the gall to sell these sets at a price equal to most of the other flagships while being lacking in features compared to the other flagships which are now already offering discounts below the price of the x performance (and even the x, in some countries).. Then again comes to my point about splitting hairs and where minor gripes become magnified. And it seems now that the only final vulnerable point for smartphones comes to pricing. That alone can subject the phone and manufacturer to being minced by journalists and consumers alike, as can be seen here :). You're completely off base on the fingerprint scanner. I'm not disagreeing with you on the rest. A good fingerprint scanner is a must. Once you get a phone with a good one (like the Nexus phones), it is EXTREMELY frustrating and painful to use anything else. It's the one thing that makes me really loathe my z5 compact (because it's scanner is so poorly implemented).. Very bad experience with Sony Xperia M5,. I bought this phone couple of months back and I'm totally regretting it. I used to face a problem of auto shut down, (Phone gets off automatically) in order to switch it on I have to connect to a charger, however I was ok with it as long as other features were functioning well. Recently I got drenched in rain and the phone went off, then I went to the authorized service center only to be told that it is going to cost me Rs 22.500/-, I got a shock, I mean I literally felt helpless. They said warranty will not be applicable for this. (I am not even done with paying EMIs) so sad, one of the reason why I bought this phone is that it is water/dust resistant, common man, even after I used a safety cover on, its still damaged(I don't understand how the water went in). I use Gionee M2 from 2 years, it got wet in rain many times, its not even water resistant but I never had this problem. I strongly suggest do not buy Sony mobiles, not worth at all. Sony M's line is well known for the poor quality and have a lot of issues. I had a Sony Z5 Compact last year. Loved the phone, except the camera. Every criticism made regarding the camera for this review is valid for that phone too. It wasn't like it was bad, just other phones were able to produce better quality photos for the same money. So that's why I switched to the Galaxy S7.. I think all that needs to be said about this phone have been said through the interesting comments below... Still, I'd buy it if the price drops more than 50%. Just for shock value and the 'hipster' appeal of being different than the rest. I do wonder why they removed fingerprint scanning from US models, and whether it was hobbled via software or hardware.. All I want on my Z5 Compact is the ability to capture raw photos and a proper full manual mode [I want shutter speed control!]. Sony mobile's image processing is a joke. I'm quite intrigued by these reviews so far, my impressions have been fairly good of the phone in the limited try outs I've had at sony center and so on. I want to stay as unbiased as possible, but yes I do fall under so-far-z-series-fan-boy category. My current phone is a crumbling z3c literally held together by glue. Are you saying that, without considering the price, that the previous z-line is actually better than the x? What makes it "high-end SoC into a mid-range phone"? Thanks!. I jumped from the Z1 Compact to the Z5 compact (given that they were released about a year apart), and I'm still very happy with the Z5c. It's already done a few successful trips with me up mountains, in oceans and in a windy desert :-D. Granted I haven't had opportunity to use any of the X range, but from every review I've read, there's no compelling reason to move from the Z5 to any of the Xs. The lack of IP68 rating and compact size are both huge considerations for me. Aside from that, technically it looks like the front camera and newer CPUs are the only major advantage of the X over the Z5. The other features can be found in other more cost effective Android smartphones, and what really made the Xperia stand out from the crowd appears to be lacking in this range.. What a crappy review - missed out in all the reasons that this phone makes it better than all the others. integrated microSD card that uses android 6 fancy merging storage (s7 does not). stereo speakers (s7, g5, htc10 do not). MHL 3.0 - output to hdmi + fastcharging = portable gaming/media player (s7, g5, htc10 do not). 1080p screen - because higher is worse and kills performance - 2 yrs from now the x perf will still perform when all the other higher res phones stutter and become useless. Qnovo - long lasting battery - (s7, g5, htc10 etc nonehave it) BETTER than wireless charging by far. kickass audio quality via bluetooth and 3.5mm jack - they chose purposefully to sacrifice volume for quality and it shows and you hear it. super fast picture capture - with a real button!. PS3 and PS4 controller support! for all your emulator or gaming needs. Dominic St Pierre, indeed I think there is to highlight the pros as well and I find what you write very interesting, especially for some things that are actually rare to see on other phones. Dedicated hardware button to shoot photos/videos without even unlock the phone, premium look and feel, unlockable bootloader allowed by Sony itself, and yes, full HD screen is an absolute advantage. However I think it's sad they didn't want to equip it with 4GB of RAM and I wonder why there is no fingerprint sensor, I understand why some people are bashing the phone for that and I would myself not buy a phone at such price not featuring this in 2016. Please someone can explain the reason of this weird difference with the standard version?. More ram doesnt actually mean better or faster. More ram uses more power and unless its being used, which for 99.9% of users its not. In canada we are receiving the model with the fingerprint reader. I dont know why they decided against that for the USA.. Now it's supposed to be about licenses issues.. Yet we still need 4GB RAM nowadays. Moreover, I've used Xperia S, Xperia SP, Xperia z2. & Galaxy S, Galaxy edge s6, HTC one m7, Moto 360. I came to one conclusion! specs are bullshit! I will never every buy any smartphone from samsung!!. There are things that reviewers, those who judge phones by specs or after 1 week of use will never get!. Z2 is still getting android 6 while S5 (released the same time) is not!. Sams phones lag like hell after two months of use!. I don't mind paying $700 for a phone with 2 speakers so I don't cover the single speaker by mistake everytime I want to watch YouTube!. It's not waterproof, only water resistent, just like the S7. Every phone that's not made by Samsung or LG can do this. The HTC 10 has a stereo mode for its speakers. Anyway, if the Z5 is anything to go by, they won't sound particularly good. Still, a bigger battery wouldn't hurt. Both the S7 and the HTC last longer on a charge. The "kickass audio via Bluetooth" mostly depends on the quality of the DAC/amp on the headset. And, seeing the audio quality of the HTC 10, LG V10 and Meizu phones, they could have done much, much better, without sacrificing volume. I want my phone to be capable of driving my headphones without an external amp at a decent volume. Even my 230€ Huawei p9 lite has that. You can do that on every Android phone with an app. And with ROMs you lose camera codecs. For modding the OP3 and the Nexuses are much better, by far.. I recognize that almost any phone CAN do most of these things, but none actually do them all out of the box.. If the htc 10 were water proof like the x or s7 id have bought it for sure.. But honestly, compared to all of those pluses, the s7 has only 2 very small things. A pinch faster and a pinch better battery life. Camera and processor aside, the X still isn't a compelling upgrade to the Z5. Technically the X is a lower tiered range with a higher price than the Z5. The good bits that the X does feature aren't standout and most can be found on many other devices. For the price, one would expect a much better device and certainly an UPgrade to the Z5, not, as is the case, a seemingly lateral-grade.. I have the x performance now in Canada, a few things i'm pissed about:. doesn't have MHL! (trying to find out if it has tv out over displayport like the htc10). Stamina mode is less effective than on my Z1 android 5.1.1. double tap power button to wake camera. double tap empty spot on screen to sleep. the front speakers go pretty loud (alot louder than i was lead to believe by reviews or specs). fingerprint reader is super fast and super accurate. and unlocks faster than i can see. i love the volume rockers being below the power button, its great, it is much better and feels natural.. When the phone drops about 100-200 bucks thos is a great phone... Which games does the Snapdragon 650 struggle with? I am calling BS on that. The Adreno 510 in the SD 650 is more powerful than the Adreno 418 in the SD 808 and that chipset does not struggle with ANY game as far as I am aware. The 650 is capable of powering a 1080p device with ease, no problems at all. Hell, it can even power a 2K device ,. You can disparage the Xperia X all you like, but performance is not bad by any means. In fact, outside of the flagship chipsets, the 650 is probably the most powerful along with the 652.. But lets not mislead readers by claiming it is a weak performer. Lag at 1080p on a GPU that does above 150gflops is ridiculous, unless there is a huge optimization issue.. Even the 3 year old Snapdragon 800 handles 1080p with ease!. And also, 2K on a 5 inch screen is an absolute waste of battery and gpu power.. Not what we expected from sony but this article is ridiculous xDDDDD. Retards call dislike or criticism "hate".. Butthurt Sony Mobile fans who rage over this review (a fair one in my opinion) would do well to come back to this article once Sony stops making phones. That day will come real soon.. When no one voluntarily pays a premium for the Sony brand anymore since the early 1990s, and the Swedish morons of Sony Mobile Communications are more concerned with making Xperia themes and useless preinstalled bloatware apps than fixing existing problems... that's not very good for business.. And if news sources are accurate, Apple will buy camera sensors from LG instead of Sony this year. This is what happens when you dwell on your past glories and stop innovating. The Koreans (Samsung and LG) were horrible when it comes to photography, but they have improved a lot and come a long way.. Why would they stop? They are making profit according to the latest report.. And do you honestly think they would be one of the main sponsors for one of the world's biggest sporting events ( UEFA Champions League, Xperia specific, not Sony) if they planned to shut down their mobile division?. If anyone is sounding butthurt it is you.. It has a fingerprint sensor, only USA version is disabled.. I guess this is why I read an article on Gizmodo that said Sony should stop making everything that isn't PS4 related.. Well, I like Android phones and IOS phones (Apple). But SamSung exploding battery incident got me thinking. So I will go for Sony Xperia XZ for the Android and the new cool style. Apple will be my second option.. SamSung sucks more! SamSung's batteries exploded, so much times. They suggest to charge it up to 60% in order to prevent it from exploding. Did they went cheap on battery development? Possibility!. 2.5 millions+ fear the SamSung phones now:. Wow, 6 years old kid hand burned by SamSung:. Is this SamSung special feature - "007 self destruction". deciding to actually get a new phone which 1 would suit best between this the P9 htc 10 S7 X performance or XZ. [Deal Alert] Nest Cam Outdoor two-pack is just $248.38 ($99.62 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:32pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Sony Xperia XZ1 is down to $495 ($205 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:16pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Best Buy will knock $100 off Galaxy S9/S9+ pre-orders on Friday, March 2nd only. 2018/02/25 6:37pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Refurbished JBL Everest Elite 700 noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones are $119.99 on Woot. 2018/02/25 2:54pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Prime Exclusive LG Q6 is $159.99 ($90 off) today only on Amazon. 2018/02/25 11:14am PST Feb 25, 2018. Are you using a custom launcher on your phone?. Yes, I currently am using a custom launcher. I have used one in the past, but not currently. No, and I have never used a custom launcher.. Wacom Bamboo Tip review: A pricey fine-tip stylus that works on all touchscreens. 2018/02/23 6:08am PST Feb 23, 2018. Netatmo Welcome review: A near perfect no-hidden-fees indoor security camera with face recognition. 2018/02/22 5:39am PST Feb 22, 2018. Moto Tab review: Look elsewhere for your tablet needs. 2018/02/20 7:33am PST Feb 20, 2018. JBL Link smart speakers review: Offering several great alternatives to the Google Home. 2018/02/17 5:30am PST Feb 17, 2018. Microsoft's Photos Companion is a neat utility for transferring images from Android to your PC (Hands-on). 2018/02/15 4:06am PST Feb 15, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. 13 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/14/18 - 2/20/18). 2018/02/20 11:20am PST Feb 20, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps from the last week (2/13/18 - 2/19/18). 2018/02/19 10:21am PST Feb 19, 2018. 18 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/7/18 - 2/13/18). 2018/02/13 11:33am PST Feb 13, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (2/6/18 - 2/12/18). 2018/02/12 11:39am PST Feb 12, 2018. Samsung SmartThings app overhaul coming in March. 2018/02/25 2:26pm PST Feb 25, 2018. YouTube for Android TV adds manual resolution selection, starts rolling an updated interface. 2018/02/25 3:11am PST Feb 25, 2018. Google app beta's screenshot editing and sharing popup is now working in other apps as well for some. 2018/02/24 10:27pm PST Feb 24, 2018. Here are 39 temporarily free and 45 on-sale apps for your Saturday. 2018/02/24 10:26am PST Feb 24, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. [Deal Alert] Save $35 when you buy a Google Home and Chromecast or Chromecast Audio. 2017/02/26 1:35am PST Feb 26, 2017. [Deal Alert] Nexus 5X 16GB Drops To Its Lowest Price Yet, Grab One For Just $269.99 On eBay. 2016/02/26 10:31am PST Feb 26, 2016. Sprint Galaxy S6 And Galaxy S6 Edge Promotion Leaked Ahead Of MWC Announcement. 2015/02/26 9:17pm PST Feb 26, 2015. PSA: Google Wallet 'Tap And Pay' Functionality Appears To Be Working On Most KitKat Updates For Devices On Isis Carriers. 2014/02/26 3:09pm PST Feb 26, 2014. Adobe Releases Photoshop Touch For Phones, Pisses Off Tablet Users By Making It A Separate $5 App. 2013/02/26 9:27pm PST Feb 26, 2013. [MWC 2012] Samsung Announces Galaxy S WiFi 4.2, For The Android Lovers Who Don't Need A Phone. 2012/02/26 11:58pm PST Feb 26, 2012. Public Beta Of FullHDMI Released, Lets You Mirror Your EVO's Screen On Your HDTV. 2011/02/26 5:51pm PST Feb 26, 2011. Hands on with the Nokia 1, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 7 Plus, and Nokia 8 Sirocco. 2018/02/25 7:33am PST Feb 25, 2018. Chrome OS may soon be able to run Linux applications in a container. 2018/02/25 10:00am PST Feb 25, 2018. Galaxy S9 and S9+ US pre-orders, pricing, release date, and more. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Samsung's Galaxy S9 is official: Fingerprint sensor finally in the right place. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Nokia smartphones will be Android One devices going forward. 2018/02/25 7:27am PST Feb 25, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. [Update x2: Rollout resumed] Samsung halts Android 8.0 Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8 and S8+. 2018/02/22 3:55pm PST Feb 22, 2018. Hands-on: Google's 'Reply' gives other apps concise Smart Replies - when it isn't throwing shade. 2018/02/20 2:41pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google Home v1.27 includes several cosmetic changes and shortcuts, smaller APK, and hints at new devices and reversible controls [APK Teardown]. 2018/02/20 12:33pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. LG settles bootloop lawsuit: Members get $425 in cash or a $700 LG phone rebate [Update: Only for plaintiffs of the initial case]. 2018/01/31 2:09pm PST Jan 31, 2018. Notice a bug? Let us know here. 125 queries | 0.409s | citadel. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2018. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - F5121, F5122. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - F5121, F5122. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 143 x 69 x 7.7 mm (5.63 x 2.72 x 0.30 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~69.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~441 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Hexa-core (4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) - dual SIM model only. 32 GB, 3 GB RAM - F5121 64 GB, 3 GB RAM - F5122. 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 13 MP (f/2.0, 22mm, 1/3"), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, barometer, compass. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold. Basemark OS II 2.0: 1714 / Basemark X: 15087. Contrast ratio: 1219 (nominal), 2.989 (sunlight). Voice 61dB / Noise 61dB / Ring 65dB. Also known as Sony Xperia X Dual F5122 with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia X - user opinions and reviews. Do not upgrade! If you're on 7.1.1. Battery life is pretty much the same, you'll get around 4 to 6 hours of SOT but performance is just awful especially multitasking, I have experienced a reload on every single app, every time. You mean the adaptive brightness, yes it is over-responsive and driving me nuts sometimes :D.. only with the camera problem ,when you take a picture with 23 megapixels, it crashes and blocks,need to wait some time for next shoot, Android 8.0 its not for this phone.recommended. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia X, X Performance and XA. Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XA. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xperia x performance. All Listings - Current page. results for xperia x performance. Save xperia x performance to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xperia x performance to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. New Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 64GB 3GB Ram 23MP Dual+Gift. Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - White/Black/ Gold. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 - 32GB - Graphite Black (Rogers) See Pics (7883). Muvit SECRY0003 Crystal Xperia X Performance Case â€“ Clear. For Sony Xperia X Performance | Ringke [FUSION] Clear PC Shockproof Case Cover. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 White 64GB 5'' DUAL SIM Android Phone By FedEx. 5.0" Original Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 Smartphone 4G Unlocked GPS WIFI. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 Black 64GB 5'' DUAL SIM Android Phone By FedEx. USED - Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - Black. Docomo Xperia X Performance SO-04H Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 32GB Graphite Black (Unlocked) Good-Fair Conditi. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - Black. Sony Xperia X Performance / 5.0" / 32GB / Factory Unlocked / 23MP / LTE Smartpho. Good Condition[Lock ed]Sony Xperia X Performance 502SO LimeGold. Colorful Gradient Soft Slim Thin TPU Case For Sony Xperia XA / X Performance Dua. Luxury Bright Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper Case For Sony Xperia X /XA/Performanc e. Sony XPERIA X Performance F8131 Unlocked GSM 4G Smartphone Black - Refurbished. Docomo Xperia X Performance SO-04H White Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN BLACK. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JPN ROSE GOLD. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN WHITE. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JPN LIME GOLD. USED - Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - White. LCD Screen Digitizer Touch Gold For 5" Sony Xperia X F5121 F5122 US. LCD Display Touch Screen For Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 F8132 With Frame. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 - 32GB - Rose Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 - 64GB - Lime Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone USED. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 Original factory unlocked smartphone Quad core. Original 5.0inch Fingerprint 32GB smartphone for Sony Xperia X Performance F8131. Flip Leaf Leather Stand Card Strap Case Cover For Sony Xperia XA X Performance. Rose gold For Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 F8132 LCD Display Screen + Frame. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 64GB 3GB Dual SIM 5" 23MP Factory Unlocked White. Sony XPERIA X Performance Graphite Black 5.0 inch 32gb Refurbished. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 (Latest Model) - 32GB - GSM Unlocked FROM UK. Sony XPERIA X Performance White 5.0 inch 32gb used. Sony XPERIA X performance Rose Gold 5.0 inch 32gb used. '2020 Xperia X Performance Lima – Smartphone of 5 RAM 3 GB, 23 MP Camera, Green. Sony XPERIA X Performance Green Gold 5.0 inch 32gb used. Sony Xperia X F5121 - 32GB - Lime Gold GSM Unlocked NO CDMA Smartphone OPENBOX. Sony XPERIA X Dual F5122 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB , 23MP - White / Black / Gold. Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Hexa-Core Android Phone - Lime Gold. SONY XPERIA X F5121 SS BLACK/WHITE 32GB SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. New Original Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE 23MP Smartphone. USED Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone Black. New Sony Xperia M5 E5663 3GB RAM 16GB Dual SIM Factory Unlocked - White. SONY XPERIA XZ F8331 32GB 4GB RAM 4G/LTE FACTORY UNLOCKED Android Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Black (Factory Unlocked) Smartphone. New Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra G3226 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Black. New Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Chrome Silver. New Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra G3226 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - White. Sony XPERIA C4 Dual E5363 BLACK 13MP, 5.5" 16GB UNLOCKED!. Open Box - Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB-3MP LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. New Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Deepsea Black. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB Android 4G LTE Smartphone Black/White/Ye llow. Sony Xperia XA Ultra F3216 - 16GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone NEW. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Universe Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony XPERIA X F5121 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 23MP - White / Black / Gold. Sony Xperia X Android F5121 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Good Condition SEE DETAILS. Gold For Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 F8132 LCD Display Touch Screen + Frame. TETDED Premium Leather Case for Sony Xperia X Performance Dijon II LC Pink. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 59 items found from eBay international sellers. Top condition-without simlock - 12 month Warranty V. Customs services and international tracking provided. Without Simlock - 12 month warranty from the dealer. Without Simlock - 12 month warranty from the dealer. Customs services and international tracking provided. Without Simlock - 12 month warranty from the dealer. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Sony Xperia X Performance review: 80% of a great phone. Sony's new line of smartphones gets a spec boost in the Xperia X Performance, but do a few tweaks to the formula justify its $699 cost?. The Sony Xperia X Performance is a good phone, but it not only fails to justify its $150 premium over its cheaper counterpart, it also falls down as a flagship, too. Too few improvements over the Z5 series , and some frustrating screen responsiveness issues, have us asking how, after so long, Sony still can't get it right.. Great performance in apps and games. Waterproof metal chassis is one hand-friendly. Slow camera startup and occasional shutter stutter. Can't justify its $150 price increase over Xperia X. Sony Xperia X Performance Full review. Sony's had an interesting few years in the mobile space. Since 2013, the company released a new Z-series product every eight months or so, iterating on what has become a relatively safe, austere design ethic. When the series arrived at its fifth version (the Japan-only Z4 notwithstanding) in 2015, it became apparent there wasn't much innovation left to extract from, as the company claimed, "the best of Sony.". That's why, when the Xperia X and its Performance counterpart were unveiled at Mobile World Congress earlier this year , I was at once let down and cautiously optimistic about Sony's commitment to improvement. Let down because at first glance the new series resembled its predecessors in too many ways; optimistic because Sony claimed that it was breaking ties with its past.. The reality is somewhere in the middle: while the Xperia X, and its X Performance counterpart, are in some ways marked improvements in Sony's mobile narrative, they are also regressions in a couple important ways. And when the more expensive of the two arrives at a price point equivalent to some of the best products on the market, its existence becomes harder to justify.. I (Daniel Bader) am writing this review after using the Canadian model of the Sony Xperia X Performance (F8131) for two weeks in the Greater Toronto area. I used the phone primarily on Bell's LTE network, but popped in my personal Rogers SIM card for a time.. The device ran Android 6.0.1 on Build number 35.0.A.1.227 for the entirety, with a (disappointing) April 1, 2016 security patch.. Sony Xperia X Performance Hardware. Last year, when Sony replaced its so-called OmniBalance power button with a flat, sunken key that doubled as a fingerprint sensor, there was a palpable sense of rightness in the decision. That the Xperia X Performance maintains that legacy is no surprise, but Sony's decision to keep all but a few elements of the Z series in tact is — and disappointing.. ( A quick note : the U.S. version of the Sony Xperia X Performance doesn't include a fingerprint sensor in the power button, for reasons both confusing to us and irrelevant to users who miss out on one of the phone's best features.). Compact though it is — the metallic chassis more than resembles the Xperia Z5 Compact — the 5-inch display approaches the edges on the vertical side but leaves plenty of room on the horizontal. Thankfully, Sony decided to use the area on top of the 2700 mAh to expand the cavities in both front-facing speakers, resulting in some of the best external sound I've heard on a smartphone outside of HTC's products.. The right side reinforces Sony's "if it ain't broke" mentality, recalling every Z-series product with the centered power button above an elongated volume rocker and dual-step camera shutter. I suppose I should be grateful for the camera shutter, but as you'll see later, its efficacy is marred by software that cares little for cooperating.. While the phone's IPS panel is great, the phone's touch sensor is not. In fact, it's the X Performance's biggest fault.. And while the phone's frame is metal, as is the back, whose hairline brushed texture differentiates it from the staid aluminum of the Xperia X, the sides are a smooth plastic, which elegantly meet the curved glass of the 1080p screen.. Dobie in saying that I don't begrudge Sony sticking to a 1920x1080 pixel panel for the X series; it is not only one of the best I've seen on a smartphone, but at 441ppi it is sufficiently sharp to meet even the most demanding of critics. Moreover, the screen gets bright — really bright — which is fantastic for outdoor visibility.. But here's the thing: while the IPS LCD panel is great, the phone's touch sensor is not. In fact, it's the X Performance's biggest fault. When I began using the phone, I tapped out a few messages to some friends and discovered the screen couldn't keep up. I changed keyboards, from the default SwiftKey to Google Keyboard, with identical results. I descended pages in Chrome, realizing the phone didn't always register my light taps to stop scrolling. I did the same for Twitter, with identical results.. In app after app, I discovered the X Performance failed to register light taps. I went back to the Xperia X and noticed a similar trend. I asked Andrew Martonik, who received the X Performance a week after me, who corroborated my findings.. Now, touch sensitivity is a, well, sensitive topic. Some people mash their keyboards; others very deliberately tap to stop a scrolling web page. Those people should be fine with the X Performance, but this is an issue I haven't experienced so overtly since the poor touch performance on the Nexus One back in 2010. For the way I use my phone, the X Performance quickly became an exercise in frustration. While I found more success switching to gliding, that I couldn't confidently type consistently marred the experience of using the Xperia X Performance. What's unclear is whether the X Performance could avert this disaster on a larger scale with a software update, or if the touch sensor is inherently flawed. (Sony has been mute on the topic so far.). It's also possible that I am being overly, well, sensitive to this whole thing and that its screen sensitivity will go unnoticed by Sony's customers — but I'm willing to bet it won't.. Around back, the X Performance's camera neither protrudes nor draws attention to itself, which is a nice change of pace from the rest of the big players in the industry, but the single LED flash is disappointingly perfunctory. The specs contained inside is where the X Performance is supposed to differentiate itself. With a quad-core Snapdragon 820 — currently Qualcomm's fastest chip, and the same one found in the Samsung Galaxy S7 , LG G5 , and HTC 10 — the Performance has ample room to breathe. In fact, as Alex noted in his review of the Xperia X , even the much slower Snapdragon 650 is sufficiently capable of powering Android 6.0 with a 1080p display.. So why covet the more powerful chip? While apps and games certainly load faster and perform better, much of the difference can be seen in the speed at which the camera app loads and takes pictures. Sony still has a long way to go to compete with Samsung and HTC when it comes to the camera loading times — the speed at which you go from black screen to shutter — but the X Performance is notably faster than the X in this regard. The Snapdragon 820 also has a best-in-class image signal processor that improves overall photo quality by reducing noise, especially in low light, and anticipating hand shake to offset motion blur. Unfortunately, without optical image stabilization, Sony's excellent 23MP sensor is still subject to the whims of physics, but the X Performance takes great photos at least some of the time.. It's clear that, like many other OEMs, Sony is moving away from software differentiation in favor of a simplified launcher and Material Design flourishes in its apps.. But Sony has not taken hints from the likes of HTC in reducing the number of apps it pre-installs on its devices. To wit, the Xperia X Performance arrives replete with (admittedly well-designed) takes on the gallery, video player, music player, email client, news aggregator, weather app, fitness app, sketching app, movie maker, and Shazam clone. (A few like to pop up promotional notifications as well.) In all, aside from the essentials like the phone and contacts app, there were 14 Sony-built apps preloaded on the X Performance, and a couple others, like Amazon Shopping and AVG Protection antivirus, that were tacked on for additional revenue.. Defying appearances of a lightweight experience, Sony's version of Android occupies nearly 12GB of the phone's 32GB of internal storage. I can't really begrudge Sony for wanting to outfit its customers with the best experiences, but there is just too much in the way of superfluous and unnecessary software here for my liking. Apps like Movie Creator and Sketch are inherently not well suited for a 5-inch canvas, and should have stayed on the Play Store as opt-in experiences.. Defying appearances of a lightweight experience, Sony's version of Android occupies nearly 12GB of the phone's 32GB of internal storage, a gross misuse of important user resources. Some of these assets can be found in the form of themes, four of which are included on the phone, with many more available on Sony's haphazardly stocked and of-dubious-quality Xperia Theme store.. The company's launcher has stolen one of the better features from the iPhone in the ability to swipe down on an unused portion of the homescreen to quickly search for and open apps. While Sony does use this as an opportunity to suggest likely-sponsored apps, I found it an effortless and intuitive way to quickly bypass the folder/app drawer dichotomy. Elsewhere, the multitasking menu, notification shade, and quick settings are all reminiscent of stock Android Marshmallow, which I dare say is a good call.. As it tends to, Sony's bundled a confusing array of audio options that are thankfully not necessary to enjoy the phone's excellent aural output, but present for those who want to tweak. A feature taken from the company's new Walkman line, DSEE HX, upconverts music to "near Hi-Res Audio quality" by interpreting in real time and filling in the frequency gaps in most modern compressed audio streams. Another, ClearAudio+, automatically equalizes and normalizes music played from either the headphone jack or front-facing speakers. I found that neither setting dramatically improved the quality of a typical 320kbps Spotify stream.. Similarly, Sony's outfitted the X Performance with a vast array of display settings, including its mainstay X-Reality for mobile algorithms that improve the quality of photos and videos when viewed or played through its first-party apps. These are, as above, subtle changes that most people either won't notice or take the time to appreciate. They'll just hear great audio and view vivid images.. Here's what I think: If Sony really wanted to use the X line to split from the deleterious abundance of options in its Z series, it should have merely incorporated these algorithms into the core operating system and removed the user from the equation altogether. As it stands, the X line is shaping up to be just as bloated as its forebears, which will (in addition to its insane price) harm its mass appeal. Samsung is a good example of a company that learned its lesson between generations by explicitly simplifying its software, emphasizing only those features it truly believes users will want to both download, and use.. Sony Xperia X Performance Cameras. If you want the best camera on an Android phone, especially one in the $500+ range, look elsewhere. While the quality is marginably improved over the regular Xperia X, thanks to differences in the image signal processing between the Snapdragon 650 and 820, you're getting pretty close to the same experience.. As with much of the X Performance, the camera experience is nearly great but is marred by a couple of glaring issues.. As in years past, the 23MP Exmor RS sensor is of high quality, but fails to impress in low light situations. In sunlight, though, I was able to take some pretty great photos, with sharp, fast focus and ample detail. In low light, however, the lack of optical image stabilization forces Sony's camera app to raise the light sensitivity (ISO) to undesirable levels in order to keep shutter speed apace with its subjects.. Let's put this into real-world terms: I attended a wedding this past weekend, and used the Xperia X Performance as my primary camera. Since it was at a botanical garden, I was able to snap some lovely nature photos, and some great portraits, all of which came out superbly thanks to Sony's relatively intelligent Superior Auto mode. But once we went indoors and the lights dimmed, the X Performance balked at any attempt I made to capture even the slowest-moving of humans, maxing its shutter at a woeful 1/8 despite ratcheting the ISO to above 2000.. While optical image stabilization doesn't solve for fast-moving subjects, it does account for hand shake, and usually leads to better photos in general. Sony's stubborn refusal to outfit even its flagship products with such a module borders on idiocy at this point, as practically every other OEM, from Samsung to HTC to LG, OnePlus and Huawei, have figured this out (the Nexus 6P being the one major exception).. As with much of the X Performance, the camera experience is nearly great, but, photo quality aside, is marred by a couple of glaring issues. The camera app doesn't load quickly enough, and the shutter often stumbles on its first capture, which is usually of the most critical subject. And mirroring its predecessors, the app's manual mode is woefully understocked, with no ability to set shutter speed or focus. For a phone that wants to sell itself on the efficacy of its camera experience, it stumbles far too often.. One big change from the Z5 series is the 13MP front-facing camera, which is indeed one of the better sensors I've tried. It's also paired with a fairly wide f2.0 lens that meets all of the important criteria for social engagements: quick focus; room for more than two people without stretching; and smile shutter.. Xperia X Performance Battery life. With a slightly larger 2700 mAh cell than its X counterpart, the X Performance offers merely average battery life. After using the phone as my daily driver for two weeks, I would end some days with upwards of 30% left in the tank, while on others I would contend with having to charge by 3 p.m. The Snapdragon 820 seems to be more efficient than the 810 found in the Z5, but I also think that phone's 2900 mAh was probably the right size, and I would have taken a slightly thicker chassis to benefit from an extra 10% of battery capacity.. Thankfully, the phone supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0 standard, which promises to charge it from dead to full in under 90 minutes. That said, some sort of fast charging support is table stakes for phones half this price. You'd also think that including a quick charger in the box would be table stakes ... but the Canadian model doesn't have one (the U.S. Should you buy the Sony Xperia X Performance? Probably not. Where to buy the Sony Xperia X Performance. Let's take a look at what we have. A phone with at least one critical flaw that could possibly be solved with a software update. A phone that, were it $200 cheaper, would still have trouble standing out amidst a sea of affordable and compelling Android devices. A phone that misses its opportunity to really capitalize on Sony's glowing reputation for making the industry's best phone camera sensors. A phone that insists on offering the same number of vexing and acronym-heavy audiovisual features as its predecessors.. When I look at the X Performance, I don't see a series that breaks away from its Z predecessor. I see evidence of a company that knows how to make 80% of a great smartphone and no idea where the other 20% is hiding.. You can buy the Sony Xperia X Performance from several retailers online in the U.S., as well as in Canada .. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... OS Android (8.0, 7.1, 7.0, 6.0). Dimensions 5.67 x 2.76 x 0.34 inches (144 x 70 x 8.7 mm). Weight 5.82 oz (165 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects. Features Time-lapse video, Continuous autofocus, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 11.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 22.1 days (530 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 15.67 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 22.5 days (540 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G) 22.1 days (530 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 800, 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29. LTE (TDD) Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data LTE-A Cat 9 (450/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $350 Buy. $787 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Sony Xperia X Series hands-on impressions. Sony's Xperia X phones now available for purchase at several retailers. Sony delivered something of a surprise earlier this year at. Hiroki Totoki, president and CEO at Sony Mobile Communications, unveiled a trio of new Xperia smartphones: the. high-end Xperia X Performance, the Xperia X, and the midrange Xperia XA. And at Computex in Taiwan, it delivered. another: Starting in July, all three models became available for purchase unlocked in the United States. Sony, in a departure from its historical strategy of partnering with individual carriers, is selling the handsets. through a combination of online and brick-and-mortar retailers.. The Xperia X, Xperia XA, and Xperia X Performance are now available for purchase at. Amazon , Best Buy , B&H Photo Video , and Reagan Wireless .. The new Xperia X phones all sport 5-inch displays and stylish aluminum finishes available in white, graphite black, lime gold, and rose gold. But the similarities are only skin deep.. We went hands-on with all three.. The top-of-the-line Sony X Performance has. rounded edges, and it’s super-comfortable to hold, with a satisfying weight and solidity. There’s a brushed effect on the metallic back panel. It doesn’t mark a major departure from Sony’s Xperia Z line-up in terms of design, though Sony has ditched the glass back and decided that a 5-inch 1080p display is enough.. Sony talked up the speed up of the 23-megapixel main camera, and the X Performance retains a dedicated physical camera key. A soft press on the key allows you to focus, and a harder press takes a shot. It is very fast, and you can pivot and take a photo. The front-facing camera is rated at 13-megapixels.. This is a powerful phone with a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor under the hood backed by 3GB of RAM. It’s running the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Sony’s light user interface on top and a smattering of Sony apps. It will feel familiar to any Android user, but Sony has added a customizable app menu and search box that’s accessible by swiping down in the middle of the screen.. Storage is 32GB, but there is a MicroSD card slot for expansion by up to 200GB.. Just like the Z5 range, there’s a fingerprint sensor on the lozenge-shaped power button on the right spine, but it seems to have been slimmed down. In fact, the phone feels very compact, and that’s largely due to the 5-inch screen. Sony has received a lot of positive feedback for the Z5 Compact, so that may explain the fact that all three X phones have 5-inch displays. It makes them easy to handle compared to a lot of the current flagships.. We picked up on two other differences with the X Performance compared to the X and XA. Firstly, it is IP65 and IP68 rated, so liquids shouldn’t be a problem. Secondly, it has a slightly bigger battery at 2,700mAh and it doesn’t have a bigger screen or higher resolution to power, so we would expect the battery life to be good. The charging port on the bottom is Micro USB, but it does support quick charging.. The X Performance also has dual front-facing speakers. We cranked up a couple of tunes on the show floor and could hear them above the general trade show noise around us, so the volume level is quite impressive. Sony has moved the volume rocker to right spine between the power button in the middle and the camera button at the bottom. It feels slightly odd when you’re using the phone in portrait, but flip to landscape and you get the sense of it.. The X Performance retails for $700.. The middle child is the Xperia X. It’s a fraction smaller than the X Performance, but it’s very tough to tell them apart. The display, the cameras, the software, the fingerprint sensor, and the general design are almost identical. The X Performance has that slightly nicer brushed effect on the back, but you have to dip inside to find other differences.. The processor in the X is the Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, the battery is a touch smaller at 2,620mAh, and there’s no IP rating listed in the specs, so we assume it’s not waterproof. In terms of weight and feel, there’s very little to distinguish it from the Performance.. The Xperia X starts at $550.. The runt of the litter is the mid-range XA, which sports a new MediaTek Helio MT6755 processor, 2GB of RAM, and a 720p display. It is noticeably smaller with a much thinner bezel at the edges of the display when held in portrait. There’s no fingerprint sensor on the power button, in fact the XA has Sony’s old signature round silver button.. It also has a much smaller battery inside at 2,300mAh and it only has a single speaker. The cameras are rated at 13-megapixels and 8-megapixels respectively, but the software is identical. Sony has included a detailed manual mode in the camera app for all three phones, which should please photography fans craving a little more control.. The fact that it’s slightly slimmer is a good thing, and the aluminum body still feels luxurious.. While we can see the sense in having a budget option, it’s tough to see why Sony felt the need to turn out an X Performance and an X when the differences are so minimal. Without knowing which is which, you would never be able to tell them apart. We’re glad to see the gradual softening of Sony’s angular design and the end of that fragile glass back, but this is refinement rather than innovation.. They are easily the most comfortable phones to hold that Sony has ever produced.. a nice size and they’re easily the most comfortable phones to hold that Sony has ever produced, but why not just have a flagship and a budget version? Given the choice we would certainly opt for the top-end X Performance, for the faster processor and waterproofing.. Updated on 07-19-2016 by Kyle Wiggers: Added Xperia X Performance and Xperia XA availability and pricing information.. Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. XZ1 Compact: What a difference a year makes. Moto X4: 2018’s new midrange challenger. HTC U11 Life: Can Sony rule the midrange market?. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the Galaxy S9. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. At least one iconic Star Wars element may be missing from 'Rogue One'. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the…. Apple iPhone X: Heavyweight smartphone clash. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Sign up for our weekly newsletter!. News Reviews Articles Buying Guide Sample Images Videos Cameras Lenses Phones Printers Forums Galleries Challenges. Help DPReview: Take our visitor survey!. Brand index Sony Sony Mobile Phones. 5 ″ screen | 23 megapixels (rear) | 13 megapixels (front). Add this product to your shortlist for comparison. Discuss in the Android Talk forum. The Xperia X Performance, will, at least to start with, not be available globally but only in the US and Asia. It comes with IP68 environmental protection and Qualcomm's latest top-end chipset, the Snapdragon 820. Camera specification is identical to the Xperia X whcih means a 23MP 1/2.3-inch Sony Exmor multi-aspect sensor is coupled with a F2.0 aperture in a wide angle lens with an equivalent focal length of 24mm. A new predictive AF system, developed in collaboration with the engineers in Sony's Alpha camera division allows for better subject tracking. Unlike on the Z5 there is no 4K video mode, and Xperia X videographers will be limited to 1080p Full-HD.. As before, camera shake in video mode is reduced via Sony's efficient SteadyShot digital video stabilization. The front camera uses a 13MP 1/3-inch sensor with F2.0 aperture, 22mm equivalent focal length and maximum ISO of 6400. Like the main camera it can also record digitally stabilized 1080p video.. Sony Xperia X Performance achieves top score in DxOMark Mobile ranking. Sony Xperia X puts focus on the camera. 164 g (5.80 oz ). 144 x 70 x 9 mm (5.66 x 2.77 x 0.34 ″ ). Sony Xperia X Performance results on Amazon.com. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty) $226.99 Shop now Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB White (US Warranty) $411.55 Shop now Original Sony Style Cover Touch SCR56 for Xperia X Performance (Graphite Black) $39.95 Shop now Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty) $329.99 Shop now Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB Forest Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $370.00 Shop now. Lost For Words! by wam7 from Humerous Animals Jimmy by bofo777 from Portrait of the groom. Olympus OM-D E-M10 III 2.9% Panasonic Lumix DC-GX9 2.8% Sony Alpha a6300 2.7% Canon EOS M6 2.6% Panasonic Lumix DC-GX850 (Lumix DC-GX800 / Lumix DC-GF9) 2.5% Pentax K-3 II 2.5% Panasonic Lumix DMC-GX85 (Lumix DMC-GX80 / Lumix DMC-GX7 Mark II) 2.4% Fujifilm X-T20 2.4% Canon EOS Rebel SL2 (EOS 200D / Kiss X9) 2.3% Nikon D5600 2.3%. Beginner's Guides Getting Started In-depth testing Latest Camera Reviews Beyond the studio tests Feature Articles and Videos see how we see Sample Galleries real world performance Field Test Videos Throwback Thursday Classic Cameras from Days Past What's that Noise? Shedding some light on the sources of noise. 138 Is printing dying? - Are prints obsolete? 107 *** This Week Through Your M4/3 2018.02.24 *** 102 X-H1 - "Theoria Apophasis" aka "Angry Photographer" was wrong about FUJI And IBIS and Touchscreen. 79 Won’t M50 doom current M5? 64 One camera, one lens 63 Do we really need IBIS / OIS... 63 Why I really respect Ken Wheeler aka Theoria Apophasis the Angry Photographer 62 What is your 2nd camera when travelling.. ?? 41 DSLR vs iPhone? 41 Sensor Dust 40 Hello Nikon, my old friend.... 37 PL 15mm actual FL? 36 Desktop Icons??? 36 Panasonic leica 15 f1.7 or lumix 14 f2.5, 20 f1.7 36 ♣ ♣ Bootstrap's Sunday 'Scapes ♣ ♣ 25 February 2018 35 New Sigma 105mm f/1.4 ART lens for FE mount! 34 On chip Phase Detect on the next EM-5 III? 34 ***02/25/18 to 03/04/18*** Weekly Show, Tell, and Critique 32 * Weekly X Series Photo Thread 25 FEB - 03 MAR ** 30 Does this seem like a reasonable move or will I regret it?. All content, design, and layout are Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Digital Photography Review All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited.. 
Recent Posts ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) More Galaxy S9 pricing and availability info comes from T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon and Best Buy Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Sony Xperia X Performance review: Streamlined at a cost…. Juan Carlos Bagnell August 19, 2016 2:40 pm. Video Review Hardware Design Software Camera Audio Battery Pros Cons Pricing and purchasing Conclusion Related Video. It’s all about creating a lineup of devices. Sony retired the Xperia Z collection of devices, last year culminating in the ambitious Z Premium with a 4K display. Focus on the features which “really” matter. However, this streamlining approach for the hardware hasn’t trimmed the price tags. Sony is still very much positioning the X line as premium offerings. Two letters lower in the alphabet, but that doesn’t mean the customer gets a price cut. We’ll be taking an in-depth look at both the X and X Performance in this write up.. Reviewing both the Xperia X and X Performance, there’s very little difference between these two handsets. Starting off with a 5” 1080p LCD, both phones come with 3GB of RAM, start with 32GB of storage, front facing stereo speakers, and have the same 23MP rear camera and 13MP selfie shooter.. The X uses a mid-ranger Qualcomm 650 chipset with a 2,620mAh battery. The X Performance moves up to a Qualcomm 820 chipset, a 2,700mAh battery, and includes IP68 water and dust resistance.. And for international Xperia owners, you’ll get a handy power button fingerprint sensor which is much improved over last year’s Z5. It’s a mid-pack performer in unlocking the phone, and easy to train, if a bit unfamiliar for the placement. The phone is just flat and thin enough, that unlocking while on a flat surface can be a bit tricky depending on what digits you’ve trained. We recommend at least a three finger strategy of right thumb, right index, and left index to cover all your bases. Sadly, buying one here in the United States means this feature will be removed.. We’re always happy to see a dedicated camera button, but we’re torn on this volume rocker. It’s positioned low on the right side of the phone, and works really well as a zoom rocker for the camera, but it’s a bit of a reach for controlling system sound.. This LCD is a perfectly competent screen. 1080p resolution at this screen size is more than adequate for tackling daily tasks. It’s not the brightest or contrastiest display around though. It easily outperforms the LG G5 in short stints in sunlight, but it dims pretty quickly. Thermal throttling will be a common critique throughout this review. It can’t compete with the contrast and outdoor brightness settings found on AMOLED panel packing phones. It does get dim though, a nice benefit for folks reading at night.. This is all respectable hardware, but for both phones, we can’t quite shake the feeling that we’re getting a nice commuter car at a luxury car price.. At least in terms of style, the Xperia X at least looks the part.. This year’s Xperia will look familiar to Sony aficionados. It’s a hard rectangular look, which more than once I’ve compared to the monolith from 2001. It delivers a great one-hand experience, though the speaker bezels do add some extra size. This 5” screened phone is a fraction of a millimeter larger in every dimension than a 5.1” screened Galaxy S7.. It is a sexy looking device, with its brushed metal back, but there were some slight QA issues on our X Performance review unit. These seams on the bottom edge slightly distract from an otherwise clean look, and the side panel separating from the phone body after pulling out the sim card tray. The X Performance is rated IP68 water resistant, but with this bowing on the pieces here, we couldn’t confidently test that water resistance.. One reason why we might spend more on a phone, is to better guarantee that potential manufacturing issues are sorted.. Sony’s software offerings are also a bit conservative. Subtle tweaks throughout the user interface, like more colorful icons are eye pleasing, but the actual function well resembles a stock Android layout. The app drawer has an extra page for recommending apps, but otherwise, it’s easy to scroll through to get what you want.. There is a little un-installable bloat like AVG, but additional services like these are kept to a minimum. Sony includes a few branded apps, like a widget to walk you through setting the device up, and a Playstation 4 companion app. Sadly I still rock a PS3, so I was unable to test this feature.. All of this software is well powered by the Qualcomm chipsets, and you’ll rarely encounter lag or jank when tackling the basics. Again, we do have some concerns over thermal throttling when taxing this hardware.. We see some frame rate drops in games like Implosion after only a single mission, and checking out benchmarking scores, it doesn’t take much to get these phones to slow down.. We have the most in-depth review of the Xperia X camera available online! Our Real Camera Review features over ten minutes of photo and video samples.. This throttling is readily noticeable when using the camera. The X will shut off the camera after around nine minutes of video, while the X Performance extended that run time to thirteen minutes. Mind you this was under air conditioning, with the screen about half bright, and these phones max out at 1080p for video. Out in California summer heat we would start getting thermal warnings after as little as 20 seconds of video recording.. But actually using the camera will be an exercise in frustration for many folks in our audience. Sony’s disorganized collection of auto modes and hidden settings makes this one of the more unfamiliar photography solutions we’ve yet tested.. Sony boasts fast autofocus, and the action is very quick, but the object tracking is extremely unreliable. There is no hardware optical stabilization, so low light photos can be difficult to capture, and this lens is one of the fringiest and flariest we’ve seen on a premium offering. There are a ton of scene modes in the camera app, when really we could just do with a true full featured manual mode, an easier way to force an HDR shot, and for folks who like to edit, there is no RAW support in this app or in third part camera solutions.. There’s also some confusion regarding the stills captured by this 23MP sensor. Out of the box, both phones default to 8MP. Sony utilizes some sophisticated image processing algorithms to down sample the images and improve final jpeg quality. It works really well, especially at night, and we’d recommend using this setting for most shooting scenarios. Sony doesn’t explain this on the phone well enough though, so it looks like you’re not really getting all of your megapixels worth when looking at the numbers.. The situation gets worse looking at video, where this phone delivers somewhat mediocre 1080p footage, with no options to move up to QHD or UHD video. Not that you’d be able to use those modes for long given the phone’s thermal issues.. It really is a shame, as this is a fantastic image sensor, and you can coax some great shots out of it, but the entire rest of the phone lets it down as a photography solution. The worst sin of all? It’s just not fun to use.. Audio is also something of a disappointment. The front facing speakers are respectable, though outclassed by phones like the Axon 7 and HTC 10.. Headphone audio however is particularly sad. We’re a long way removed from the classic days of Sony standing as a multi-media juggernaut. Both Xperia’s use the same hardware. A fairly weak AMP paired up with a DAC that sports numbers almost as bad as the built in DAC on the LG G5. For a premium phone line, it has some of the poorest signal to noise and distortion performance we’ve yet tested.. We just shouldn’t expect much from a powerful phone, which runs warm, and has a smaller than average battery. This 2700mah cell struggles to keep up with other phones in this tier. Using our media test, streaming 30 minutes of HD video over wifi at 50% brightness, the X Performance drained almost 12% of its battery, showing us even worse performance than the regular X which dropped 10%. This just might be the worst performing phone we’ve tested this year, and those numbers were mirrored during our camera review shoots. A Galaxy S7 could easily make it to mid-afternoon shooting UHD video while connected to LTE. The X Performance was dead by lunch time shooting photos and HD video while in airplane mode.. The recharge speeds are respectable, but again far from impressive. 30 minutes on a quick charger delivered a 28% recharge on the X Performance.. + The cleanest software skin we’ve seen on a Sony. – No fingerprint sensor in the USA. Both phones are sold unlocked through web retailers. Sony lists Amazon, B&H, Best Buy, and Reagan Wireless as primary partners. The Xperia X lists for $499.99 and the X Performance moves up to $649.99. These phones will only be compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile.. I have to admit to not being able to fully partake of the Sony ecosystem, lacking a current PlayStation, but I can’t believe that’s a significant omission as it pertains to daily smartphone use.. Every brand carries fans and critics and Sony is no different, continuing a long reputation for producing stylish consumer electronics. Tony for example will likely go on to use the X Performance as either his daily driver or his back up once I send it back to him.. But I can’t shake the feeling that this device asks a LOT of Sony fans to keep using this brand. None of these compromises are absolute deal breakers, but we also can’t find any areas where this phone scores significant victories.. When stepping outside of the Sony fan base, I find little compelling reason for someone to switch to a Sony at this time. Unless someone loves the look and form factor of these phones, the premium pricing doesn’t seem to deliver any benefits overly similarly priced smartphones, and even the X Performance can struggle to compete against this year’s crop of mid-rangers from ZTE, Honor, OnePlus, and Alcatel.. The Xperia X line represents a drastic shift in philosophy for Sony, and many transition devices were a bit rough around the edges. Look at how Samsung struggled from the Galaxy S4 to the Galaxy S6. We can only hope that future Xperia X phones are better refined and well-rounded products.. Xperia X Performance vs Galaxy S7. Android , Phones , Reviews. Android , Review , Sony , Xperia X , Xperia X Performance. Android , Review , Sony , Xperia X , Xperia X Performance. Juan has been geeking out on personal computing since before PCs had GUIs. After studying Theatre in college, Juan worked with a contractor that supported servers and mobile devices for Department of Energy facilities. After moving to Los Angeles California, and working as a commercial casting director, he now dedicates his time to discussing the tech landscape as a consumer advocate. You’ll often see him pop in local news broadcasts. Passionate about mobile content creation, he recently published his first book on smartphone photography.. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Sony Xperia X - Performance and Software. Sony is marketing the Xperia X as a “flagship” device, pricing it between £459 and £529 in the UK. However, it isn’t powered by the de facto high-end CPU of 2016 in the form of the Snapdragon 820. Instead, you get the Snapdragon 650. This is slightly better than the Snapdragon 617 used in the Moto G4 – a phone that costs a mere £169 – and is also use by Xiaomi in its equally affordable Redmi Note series.. When it announced the X series, Sony also showed off the X Performance – a spruced up X, with a Snapdragon 820. However, Sony seems to have said this unit won’t officially be coming to the UK, which is baffling.. Related: Best phones to buy this year. The 650 CPU of the Xperia X is paired with a healthy 3GB of RAM and an Adreno 510 GPU – again, neither of which can be considered high-end. Internal storage stands at 32GB, and is propped up with a microSD card slot.. I have few qualms with the day-to-day use of the Xperia X. Opening up apps, browsing fairly basic sites and playing casual games are all done with ease. If you do little else than emailing, messaging and browsing Facebook then you won’t be longing for a faster CPU.. If you like to push things a little harder then you might run into issues. Overly image-heavy websites take a while to load and you’ll struggle if you want to edit RAW snaps. It also has a tendency to become warm, especially when watching videos and playing games.. The shortcomings of the CPU/GPU combination also become apparent when trying to play graphically intense games. Asphalt 8 stutters intermittently, and loading times are noticeably long – but it’s mostly fine to play.. In our standard suite of benchmarking tests, the Xperia X falls behind some of its similarly priced competition. Its 3,691 score in Geekbench 3’s multi-core falls short of Huawei P9 ’s 5,065 and the LG G5 ’s 5,172. It’s scores are more in line with the Honor 7 , with costs £250.. Sony’s continued support for the Hi-Res audio standard is once again present here, and it’s great. Audio through headphones sounds excellent, and the dual stereo front-facing speakers are decent too. They lack the oomph of BoomSound on the HTC 10 , but there’s enough bass for basic music listening and a good hit of volume.. Oddly, the Xperia X is the first phone in a while to suffer issues with phone quality and Wi-Fi signal. In my modest (okay, tiny) two-bedroom flat, I haven’t come across any device that struggles to stay connected to the the router, even in the furthest away room. Phone signal, on Three’s UK network, is also consistently is two or three bars below other phones.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. One of the highlights of the Sony Xperia X is its approach to software. This is really because, instead of overlaying Android with an ugly skin, Sony has kept it simple with a pretty much stock version of Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 .. This is the best software I’ve ever used on a Sony phone. It’s clean, smooth and doesn’t try to overdo it with swathes of useless additions.. It’s one of the few instances where well-thought out extras over the top of vanilla Android actually make it better. There’s a clear-all button in the multi-tasking bar; you can add in your icon packs and edit the quick-settings menu. They’re minor changes, but they help usability no-end. You can swipe down from the homescreen to access an iOS-like search bar, too.. Where Sony falters somewhat is in its plentiful bloatware. There’s the usual duplicate apps, alongside a number of Sony’s own creations, such as Movie Creator, Sketch and What’s New. My biggest issue with the bloatware is the incessant notifications they all seem to throw up. In my opinion, notifications should have to be turned on by the user, manually; not automatically. Yes, I can turn them off, but I shouldn’t have to.. Remote Play is still present for beaming games from your PS4 – although why you’d want to stream, say, Uncharted 4 onto a 5-inch display is beyond me – and the Music app supports a number of high-res files types.. I’m a little cautious about future updates. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium that’s sitting gathering dust in my desk drawer is still stuck on Android 5.0.1, so who knows when the X might see an update to the final version of Android N .. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Compare Mobiles Sony Xperia X vs Sony Xperia X Performance vs Sony Xperia XA. Sony Xperia X vs Sony Xperia X Performance vs Sony Xperia XA comparison. general Release date February 2016 February 2016 February 2016 - Form factor Touchscreen Touchscreen Touchscreen - Dimensions (mm) 142.70 x 69.40 x 7.90 143.70 x 70.40 x 8.70 143.60 x 66.80 x 7.90 - Weight (g) 153.00 164.40 137.40 - Battery capacity (mAh) 2620 2700 2300 - Removable battery No No No - Colours White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold - display Screen size (inches) 5.00 5.00 5.00 - Touchscreen Yes Yes Yes - Resolution 1080x1920 pixels 1080x1920 pixels 720x1280 pixels - hardware Processor - - octa-core - Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MediaTek MT6755 - RAM 3GB 3GB 2GB - Internal storage 32GB 32GB 16GB - Expandable storage Yes Yes Yes - Expandable storage type microSD microSD microSD - Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000 2000 200 - camera Rear camera 23-megapixel 23-megapixel 13-megapixel - Front camera 13-megapixel 13-megapixel 8-megapixel - software Operating System Android 6.0 Android 6.0 Android 6 - connectivity Wi-Fi Yes Yes Yes - Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g 802.11 a/b/g - - GPS Yes Yes Yes - Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 Yes, v 4.20 Yes - NFC No Yes Yes - Infrared No No No - Headphones 3.5mm 3.5mm 3.5mm - FM Yes No Yes - Number of SIMs 1 1 1 - sim1 SIM Type Nano-SIM Nano-SIM Nano-SIM - GSM/CDMA GSM GSM GSM - 3G Yes Yes Yes - 4G/LTE Yes Yes Yes - sensors Compass/ Magnetometer No No No - Proximity sensor Yes Yes Yes - Accelerometer Yes Yes Yes - Ambient light sensor Yes Yes Yes - Gyroscope Yes Yes No - Barometer No No No - Temperature sensor No No No -. Compare Sony Xperia X vs. Compare Sony Xperia X vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Compare Sony Xperia Xz1 vs. Compare Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Compare Xiaomi Mi 4s vs. Compare Huawei Mate 10 Lite vs. Compare Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Compare Sony Xperia X vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge vs. Compare Xiaomi Mi 4s vs. Compare Sony Xperia X vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 comparison. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace vs. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime comparison. Huawei Mate 10 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 4g comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 comparison. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services. Sony Xperia Ear Duo Launched at MWC 2018, Takes on Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 HDR Displays Launched at MWC 2018: Specifications, Features. Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launch Date Is March 27. Huawei MateBook X Pro Laptop, MediaPad M5 Tablet, Balong 5G01 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India. ZTE Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita, Tempo Go Launched at MWC 2018: Price, Specifications, Features. Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Samsung mobiles price in India Lyf mobiles price in India Micromax mobiles price in India Sony mobiles price in India Htc mobiles price in India Lenovo mobiles price in India Intex mobiles price in India Lava mobiles price in India Apple mobiles price in India Nokia mobiles price in India Xolo mobiles price in India Lg mobiles price in India Vivo mobiles price in India Oppo mobiles price in India Gionee mobiles price in India Motorola mobiles price in India Blackberry mobiles price in India Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Sony Xperia X Performance, primeras impresiones #MWC16. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ►►Suscríbete a Andro4all: http://goo.gl/LuuzTb Sony nos ha sorprendido con su nueva gama X y como no, ya hemos realizado una toma de contacto con el terminal llamado Performance. ❤❤ GAFAS DE SOL TOPE DE GAMA ❤❤ Consigue unas AFTER SUNGLASSES con un 40% de descuento con el código: ANDRO4ALL en http://www.aftersunglasses.com Nuestras redes sociales: Instagram: http://instagram.com/andro_4all Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/andro4all Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/andro4all G+: http://www.google.com/+andro4all http://www.andro4all.com Music by: MDK Song Title: Absolute Zero http://www.facebook.com/MDKOfficial http://www.youtube.com/MDKOfficialYT Buy the song here: http://www.mdkofficial.bandcamp.com/ Free Download: http://www.morgandavidking.com/free-d.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia X Performance, review en español. Sony Xperia X Performance vs Samsung Galaxy S6 edge: First look. Sony Xperia X, X Performance, and XA hands-on. Xperia X Performance: Hands On & Impressions. Sony Xperia X Performance Specs, Price and Sales Details | #MWC16. SONY XPERIA X PERFORMANCE : Prise en main (Hands on) - Phonandroid MWC 2016. Sony Xperia X performance preview en español MWC16. Sony Xperia X Performance + Sony Xperia X Hands-On - Mwc 2016. Sony XPERIA X - X Performance - XA | 6 Claves para diferenciarlos. SONY XPERIA Z6: Características, Novedades y Rumores. Official Xperia X video from MWC 2016 – our new 5” curved smartphone from Sony. Xperia X Performance official design video – the masterpiece. Official Xperia X Performance video at MWC 2016– our powerfully fast, curved smartphone from Sony. Sony Xperia X and XA hands-on. Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Sony Xperia X - MWC 2016. Sony Xperia X & X Performance hands-on [MWC 2016]. Sony Xperia X & X Performance hands-on: is there still hope?. Top 5 Upcoming Smartphones In 2018 - Iphone 9,LG G7,Samsung Galaxy S9,Sony Xperia Z6,HTC U12. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Issues & Fixes Stock Wallpapers Rooting Guide Unroot/Unbrick Best Apps. CM14.1 CM14 CM13 CyanogenMod 12.1. Stock Roms Installing Rom. Oreo GApps Nougat Gapps Nougat 7.1/7.1.2 Lineage Os 14/14.1 CM 14/14.1 Marshmallow Gapps CM 13/13.1 Lollipop Gapps. Join RMG Guest Post Contact Us Privacy Policy. Update Sony Xperia X Performance To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA. Sony Xperia X Performance To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA. Update Sony Xperia X Performance To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA (Security Patch): Sony’s software development team is doing an awesome job in sending latest security patch updates to their devices.Many manufacturers like OnePlus and Lenovo haven’t started rolling out the latest February 2018 security update to their devices and here Sony has already started rolling out the latest OTA to its devices.. The latest update comes with software version. and is being rolled out in some parts of the world via OTA (over-the-air).Only users. will be getting the update.It may take some time to reach all parts of the world.. This is not a major update but as brings. Google ‘s latest security patch, it is highly recommended to install the update.The update comes with many bug fixes which were present in the previous build.It also brings stability and performance improvements to the device.. Sony Xperia X Performance , then you may have already received the 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 Security Patch. Update.You can manually check for the update by going to. » About phone » Software update , then. If there is no update showing on your device, then wait for few days for the update to come to your device.. Note: Before installing the update make sure that your device has at-least. 50% charged and connect to the Wi-Fi network to avoid the data charges.. Update Sony Xperia XZs To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA (Security Patch). How To Root ARK Benefit S453 and Install TWRP Recovery. How To • Rooting Guide. Root Galaxy A3 2016 SM-A310M and Install TWRP On... How To • Rooting Guide. Root Galaxy A3 2016 SM-A310Y and Install TWRP On... How To • Installing Rom. Download/Install Android 8.1 Oreo On Galaxy S5 Mini... How To • LineageOs. Download and Install Official Lineage OS 15.1 On... How To • LineageOs. Download and Install Official Lineage OS 15.1 On... How To • Installing Rom. Download/Install Android 8.1 Oreo On Asus Zenfone 2.... Dibyajyoti an Android enthusiast, a tech-blogger and an avid reader.He is graduated in B.tech.He is the founder and chief editor in rootmygalaxy.net. Best Rom List • How To. Best Moto E4 Plus Custom ROMs (fast and good battery.... Best Rom List • How To. Best Huawei P10 Custom ROMs (fast and good battery.... Best Rom List • How To. List Of Best Custom ROMs For Google Pixel 2/Pixel 2.... Best Rom List • CyanogenMod • News. CyanogenMod 15 Update Device list and Release Date. Full List Of Best Custom ROMs For Moto Z | Android.... Infinix Zero 5 Pro Review and Best Deal (Heavy.... Deals • Reviews. [Review] Xiaomi Light Weight Sneakers with.... Buy This 20000mAh Power Bank For $15 Only. ACEPEC T8 Mini PC Short Review and Best Deal (Intel.... Deals • Reviews. FuriBee Q6 WiFi 4K Ultra HD Action Sport Camera.... [Best Coupon Deal] Now Get 50$ off On Bluboo S1.... Deals • Reviews. Huami Amazfit 2, the best smartwatch of Xiaomi level. Top 5 Best Chinese Smartphones Under 100$ For.... Copyright © 2016.All Rights Reserved by RMG Media Group .Made with ❤️ in India. LineageOS 15 (Oreo) Is now available for many devices Download Now. 
The next video is starting stop. Sony Xperia X Performance vs Xperia Z5 Premium hands-on comparison. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The new Xperia X Performance manages to best the Xperia Z5 and Z5 Premium smartphones on paper, in some aspects. Whether that holds true in real life, is yet unknown, at least until we can properly review it. However, in this quick MWC 2016 show floor video we're trying to figure out just exactly what the Xperia X Performance is, and, you be the judge on whether Sony made the right choice or not. If you're an Xperia Z5 owner, do tell us how you feel. http://www.vessel.com/pocketnow About us: Pocketnow has been a key source of mobile technology news and reviews since its establishment in 2000. With offices on three continents, Pocketnow offers round-the-clock coverage of the mobile technology landscape, from smartphones to tablets to wearables. We aim to be your number-one source for mobile tech news, reviews, comparisons, and commentary. If you love mobile as much as we do, be sure to subscribe! Follow us: http://pocketnow.com http://vessel.com/pocketnow http://twitter.com/pocketnow http://facebook.com/pocketnow http://google.com/+pocketnow http://instagram.com/pocketnow. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia X Performance vs Xperia Z5 Premium - Which is Fastest?. Sony Xperia X vs Xperia Z5 - Which is Fastest?. Sony Xperia X vs Xperia Z5 - Full Review (4K). Sony Xperia X Performance vs Galaxy S7 edge Speed Test. Xperia X Performance: Hands On & Impressions. Sony Xperia X Performance Review - is it worth $700?. SONY XPERIA X PERFORMANCE : Prise en main (Hands on) - Phonandroid MWC 2016. Sony Xperia X VS Xperia Z5 - What's the Difference?. SONY Xperia X Performance vs Samsung Galaxy S7: Ouch.... Sony Xperia X & X Performance hands-on [MWC 2016]. Sony Xperia XP vs X vs XA Hands-On Review. Sony XPERIA X Review: It's not a flagship phone.... Sony Xperia X size comparison vs Xperia Z5, Z5 Compact, Z5 Premium, M5. Sony Xperia X Performance Hands-On Review. Sony Xperia X Performance vs Samsung Galaxy S6 edge: First look. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Bend Test, Scratch Test, Burn Test - Durability. Sony Xperia X Performance vs iPhone 6S+ - Speed & Camera Test!. Galaxy S7 vs Xperia Z5 Ultimate Comparison. Sony Xperia X Hands-On & First Look. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
