Hetzelfde bedrijf, dezelfde service en hetzelfde voordeel voor iedereen.. GSMEasy is nu onderdeel van mobiel. Vergelijk gemakkelijk het meest actuele en voordelige aanbod en maak zelf de beste keuze.. Update je browser om deze website correct te bekijken. Bestel voor 12:00 uur en je hebt je bestelling vandaag nog in huis met PostNL: Vandaag.. De Xperia XZs in het kort. De opvolger van de Xperia XZ. Dit product is niet meer leverbaar.. De Xperia XZs is leverbaar in:. Dit product is niet meer leverbaar.. Reviews over de Sony Xperia XZs. De super slowmotion is top! En via ebay genoeg accessoires.. Een zeer goede telefoon van Sony. Meer geheugen en snellere processor waardoor de software soepel loopt. Super toestel, mijn tweede Sony toestel, eerst de Z1.. Supersnel, hele mooie foto's en accu gaat 2 dagen mee. Verademing na mijn Samsung s6 :). Toestelspecificaties voor de Sony Xperia XZs. Afmetingen (l x b x h). Processorsnelheid 2x 2.15GHz & 2x 1.6GHz. Beschrijving over de Sony Xperia XZs. 19 en 13 MP-camera’s met super slow motion. Waanzinnig geluid met Digital Noise Cancelling. De nieuwe Xperia XZs van Sony is anders dan anders. Met een volledig nieuw camerasysteem, een geluidservaring in de hoogst mogelijke kwaliteit en een waanzinnig design is deze smartphone uit de X-serie de verrassing waar de Sony-fan aan toe is. De Xperia XZs heeft een gebogen scherm van sterk glas en een metalen achterkant. De high-end smartphone is een verdere ontwikkeling van de eerdere Xperia XZ en biedt jou het allerbeste tot nu toe van Sony.. Met de nieuwe Xperia XZs introduceert Sony een nieuw camerasysteem: Motion Eye. Hiermee leg je maar liefst 960 beelden per seconde vast. Een waanzinnig verschil met andere smartphones in zijn klasse. De technologie zorgt dat je 34 keer langzamer dan de realiteit kan filmen. Je legt vanaf nu je kattenfilmpjes, springfoto’s of het prachtige doelpunt van een sportwedstrijd dus op zijn best vast. Het geheugen van de camera kan zelfs al foto’s maken voordat de foto gemaakt is. Dus druk je nèt te laat op het knopje? Geen punt. Je kan kiezen uit vier foto’s die het toestel al had gemaakt voordat je op de knop drukte.. Waar Sony vooral groot mee werd is geluidstechnologie. Ook in deze smartphone is het Sony weer gelukt om indrukwekkende kwaliteit te leveren op dit gebied. De ingebouwde Hi-Res Audio in de Xperia XZs zorgt voor een zuiver en rijk geluid. Dankzij Noise Cancelling kan je je zelfs in drukke ruimtes volledig afsluiten van de buitenwereld, om optimaal te genieten van je favoriete muziek.. Onze klantenservice is 7 dagen per week bereikbaar. Ma t/m vr van 9:00 tot 22:00. Whatsapp: 06 - 24 96 66 02. Vind het antwoord op je vraag. Beoordeling door klanten 9.0/10 - 24565 beoordelingen. Je ontvangt van ons via je e-mail een link om je inschrijving voor de nieuwsbrief te bevestigen.. Er ging iets mis bij het inschrijven voor de nieuwsbrief.. Probeer het over enkele minuten opnieuw.. 
Android 7.1, up to Android 8.0. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (G8232). HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G8231, G8232. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 29(700), 32(1500), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - G8231, G8232. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat9 450/50 Mbps. 146 x 72 x 8.1 mm (5.75 x 2.83 x 0.32 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) - G8231 Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) - G8232. - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~70.9% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). Android 7.1 (Nougat), upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) - dual SIM model only. 32 GB, 4 GB RAM - G8231 64 GB, 4 GB RAM - G8232. 19 MP (f/2.0, 25mm, 1/2.3"), gyro EIS, predictive phase detection and laser autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 720p@960fps, HDR, check quality. 13 MP (f/2.0, 22mm, 1/3", 1.12 µm), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector; USB Host. Fingerprint (side-mounted, region dependent), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, barometer, compass, color spectrum. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0). Basemark OS II: 2606 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 2386 Basemark X: 33815. Contrast ratio: 1223:1 (nominal), 3.818 (sunlight). Voice 62dB / Noise 65dB / Ring 73dB. Also known as Sony Xperia XZs Dual with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia XZs - user opinions and reviews. just 1 feature to buy this phone.. even if its a split second. those 0.2s of slow-mo will will be the wow feature of the phone. Captured at the right moments, people will go WOW. Not even the Samsungs or Iphones can compet.... Even professional photographers do point and shoot when they use phone camera. You don't always have 3 minutes to take a picture. P.S.I have XZ and XZ premium and their pictures don't improve much in manual mode. Their pictures even struggle to com.... Disaster in auto mode but actually in pro mode, photos are way better than any Samsung. You didn't have any Sony phone so don't make judgment without any experience. And even pro mode on Samsung is worse than Sony. You are point and shot type of peop.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Item is in original packaging, but packaging has damage.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Get up to a $26.30 Gift Card.. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Black (US Warranty). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. In stock on March 3, 2018.. Sold by Gotham's Cells and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 19MP Motion Eye image sensor with 960 FPS super slow-motion video and Predictive Capture capability.. 5.2-inch Full HD 1080p Triluminous display with 2.5D curved Gorilla Glass 4 loop surface and polished metal back panel.. Advanced stereo dual microphone and speaker system with Hi-Res audio capability with DSEE-HX, LDAC, and automatic headset compensation support.. Dual SIM with 64GB onboard memory or single SIM with up to 256GB expandable with MicroSD card.. Unlocked and compatible with GSM/LTE carriers utilizing GSM network such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, MetroPCS, Cricket Wireless, Simple Mobile, Bright spot, and others. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Black (US Warranty) $393.10. In stock on March 3, 2018.. Sold by Gotham's Cells and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Xperia XZ / XZs Case, Ringke [FUSION] Streamlined Fit [Smoke Black][Attached Dust Cap] Ultimate… $10.99. Sold by Ringke Official Store and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. [3-PACK] - Mr Shield For Sony Xperia XZ [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H… $7.95. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Deepsea Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Luminous Chrome (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA2 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2" Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB Forest Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mineral Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Forest Blue (US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Xperia XZ / XZs Case, Ringke [FUSION] Streamlined Fit [Smoke Black][Attached Dust Cap] Ultimate Durable PC Back Flexible TPU Bumper Cover [Impact Resistant/Drop Protection] For Sony Xperia XZs / XZ. [3-PACK] - Mr Shield For Sony Xperia XZ [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Sony Xperia XZ / XZs Case, MoKo Flexible TPU Bumper Slim Fit Case Carbon Fiber Design Lightweight Shockproof Back Cover for Sony Xperia XZ (2016) / XZs (2017) 5.2 Inch , BLACK. Sony Xperia XZ / XZs Case, Remex Heavy Duty Shockproof Dual Layer Hybrid Armor Defender Full Body Protective Cover with 360 Degree Rotating Kickstand for Sony Xperia XZ / XZs. Xperia XZs Case, J&D [Drop Protection] [Slim Cushion] [Lightweight Bumper] Shock Resistant Protective TPU Slim Case for Sony Xperia XZs - Black. Xperia XZ Screen Protector, Xperia XZs Screen Protector, J&D Glass Screen Protector [Tempered Glass] HD Clear Ballistic Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia XZ/ XZs - 3 Packs. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. The new Xperia XZs has one of the world’s first memory-stacked 19MP Motion Eye image sensor. With 64GB built in memory and Dual-SIM compatible.. One of the World’s First Memory-Stacked 19MP Motion Eye Image Sensor. The Motion Eye camera system features a 1GB memory-stacked camera sensor that processes images five times faster than conventional image sensors. This is the Sony technology behind our super-slow motion and Predictive Capture.. The Xperia XZs boasts an improved 6-element Sony G Lens, an updated Exmor RS sensor with 10% larger pixels than its Xperia XZ predecessor for better low-light shots, and an all-new Bionz image processing engine with motion detection for advanced image-quality tuning.. Magic moments happen in the blink of an eye, so we built a smartphone camera that can capture them all. The Motion Eye camera has a memory stacked sensor and records 960 frames per second, for super-slow motion video that reveals what you’d otherwise miss.. Never Miss a Moment with Predictive Capture. Predictive Capture is a new feature that buffers images while preparing to shoot automatically. It saves up to four photos seconds before you press the shutter button to capture the right moment even if you’re late on the trigger.. 5.2-inch Full HD 1080p Triluminous Display. The Xperia XZs has a Sony X-Reality picture engine with 2.5D curved Gorilla Glass 4 loop surface and polished metal back panel. The Xperia XZs has 4G LTE Cat 9 support, upgraded 4GB RAM and 64GB internal memory, expandable memory slot compatible with microSD cards of up to 256GB. A 2900 mAh battery with Smart Stamina, Qnovo Adaptive Charging, and Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 with USB Type-C.. The Xperia XZs is a dual SIM device. The SIM/expandable memory tray has the option of either Dual SIM mode or Single SIM with a mircroSD memory card up to 256GB.. Explore distant galaxies from the kitchen or score spectacular goals on your balcony. PS4 Remote Play lets you lose yourself in game play.. Advanced stereo dual microphone and speaker system with integrated noise cancellation. Hi-Res audio capability with DSEE-HX, LDAC, and automatic headset compensation support.. 5” HD (1280x720) / Corning Gorilla Glass / Image Enhance Technology. 6“ Full HD (1920x1080) / Corning Gorilla Glass / Image Enhance Technology. 5.2“ Full HD (1920x1080) / Trilumios Display / X-Reality / Corning Gorilla Glass. 5.5" 4K HDR (2160x3840) / Trilumios Display / X-Reality / Corning Gorilla Glass. 13MP / 3x Clear Image Zoom. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Hybrid Auto-Focus. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Hybrid Auto-Focus. 19MP Motion Eye / Sony Exmor RS Stacked Sensor / 960 fps super slow motion / Predictive Capture. 19MP Motion Eye / Sony Exmor RS Stacked Sensor / 960 fps super slow motion / Predictive Capture. 8MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor. 16MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Optical Image Stabilization (OIS). 13MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / Steady Shot. 13MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / Steady Shot. xLOUD / Clear Audio+ / SmartAmp. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. 7.0 – Nougat / Nano Sim. 7.0 – Nougat / Nano Sim. 7.0 – Nougat / Nano Sim. 7.1 – Nougat / Dual Nano Sim. 7.1 – Nougat / Dual Nano Sim. Mediatek MT6737T Quad-Core / / Mali 720-MP2 450MHz / 2GB RAM / 16GB Flash memory / Up to 256 GB microSD card. Mediatek MT6757 2.3 GHz Octa Core 64bit / Mali-T880 MP2 / 3GB RAM / 32GB Flash memory / Up to 256 GB microSD card. Mediatek MT6757 2.3 GHz Octa Core 64bit / Mali-T880 MP2 / 4GB RAM 32GB Flash memory Up to 256 GB microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 2x 2.2GHz, 2x 1.6GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 530 / 4GB RAM / 64GB Flash memory / Single Sim and up to 256GB microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 2x 2.45 GHz / 1.9 GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 540 / 4GB RAM / 64GB Flash memory / Single Sim and up to 256GB microSD card. 2620mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Type C USB Charging. 2300mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charge Compatible / Type C USB Charging. 2700mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charger Compatible / Type C USB Charging. 2900mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / QC3.0 Quick Charger Included / Type C USB Charging. 3230mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / QC3.0 Quick Charger Included / Type C USB Charging. Size / Weight / Water Resistance. 5.9 x 2.9 x 0.3 in / 6.7 oz / No. 5.7 x 2.6 x 0.3 in / 5.0 oz / No. 6.5 x 3.1 x 0.3 in / 6.6 oz / No. 5.7 x 2.8 x 0.3 in / 5.8 oz / Yes IP68. 6.1 x 3.0 x 0.3 in / 6.8 oz / Yes IP68. LTE:2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 17, 28 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 8 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 28, 29, 66 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 8 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 28, 66 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 8 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:1,2,3,4,5,7,8,12,13,17,19,20,26,28,29,32,38,39,40,41 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 19 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:1,2,3,4,5,7,8,12,13,17,19,20,26,28,29,32,38,39,40,41 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 19 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. 2.8 x 5.7 x 0.3 in. 2.8 x 6.1 x 0.3 in. 3.1 x 6.4 x 0.31 in. 0.3 x 5.6 x 2.7 in. 2.83 x 5.75 x 0.32 in. 0.32 x 2.83 x 5.76 in. Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Deepsea Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra 6" Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XA2 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2" Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB Forest Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mineral Black (US Warranty). The new Xperia XZs represents the latest in Xperia’s state-of-the-art camera, video, and audio capabilities. The Motion Eye Camera allows you to shoot video at an unprecedented 960 frames per second, perfect for super-slow-motion playback. With its Predictive Capture feature, the Motion Eye Camera captures photos at just the right moment. The Triple Image Sensing Technology and 5-Axis Image Stabilization, introduced on the Sony Xperia XZ, round out the robust features on the camera. Sony’s advanced audio technologies are also included, such as LDAC, DSEE HX, and AHO, to ensure your listening experience is as true as possible to the original audio recording. The XZs also features a stereo dual microphone. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, and 4GB of RAM, all of which come in handy when enjoying your games via PS4 Remote Play, only available on Xperia. with a 5.2-inch Corning® Gorilla Glass® Full HD display, loop surface, and ALKALEIDO™ metal back case, add up to make the Xperia XZs a stylish, durable, and extraordinary smartphone.. 5.7 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches. 7.2 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #53,020 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,116 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 63% 4 star 18% 3 star 12% 2 star 5% 1 star 2%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars This phone is awesome. it feels good, looks good, excellent photos and it's fast. I gotta say, I love this phone. The blue is crazy good looking. I don't even want to put it in a case! Phone is snappy, very snappy, waterproof & Camera is fast. the pictures it takes are nothing short of remarkable. the screen, oh my, the screen is brilliant and the colors are vibrant. -- i can only imagine how beautiful it's big brother the XZs Premium looks, with 4k screen. It has to be one of the brightest screens out there, i think. battery lasted me all day with heavy use on the first day. Only concern is when I take out the memory card the phone does a quick reboor. I guess it's because the memory card shares the same SIM tray, but that has become standard for dual sim phones... ...Ummm where are the headphones though?. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Just OK with many features secretly removed by Sony. I have been using this phone for a few months now. I have the latest and greatest system software and apps from Sony. Here's what I think: -Battery life is adequate. Compared to my previous phone (a Sony Xperia Z5C), it lasts a lot less, but I can easily get through a busy day, so no complaints. -Sony always says some apps (notably camera) may shut down if the device heats up during use. It never happened with my previous Sony's (Z3C and Z5C), but it did happen once with XZs. -Sony deleted FM Radio app, and it can not be found/installed. While it's not that critical, it doesn't sit well with the idea that I upgraded from Z5C, which had it. -Similarly, this phone (although marketed as the flagship a short while ago) doesn't have Mirrorlink. A bummer for me because Z5C had it. XZs looks and works crippled in my car relying on just Android Auto. -The speed and general feeling is very similar to my previous Sony's, not particularly fast or anything. Contrary to what I saw in many other reviews, it takes a long time for camera to come up when you want to snap a quick photo. This may be because of location tagging that I enabled, but it is what it is and it leaves a lot to be desired in terms of camera start-up speed. Sometimes, the camera would come up but would not take photos. Not too often, but quite annoying when it happens. -Display quality and resolution is excellent, but adaptive brightness sometimes seems as though it was not enabled. -Smartconnect (Sony's app to automatically do certain tasks when headphone or Bluetooth connections are made) is crippled on this phone for some reason. For example, with my Z5C, I was turning on the WiFi tethering as soon as my phone connected to car Bluetooth. This way, my car's unit was able to connect to the Internet through my Z5C's WiFi hotspot. Now, even though Smartconnect app can be installed on XZs, Sony removed the ability to turn on/off WiFi tethering for some odd reason. -Super Slow Motion video capture is impractical, hard to use and pretty much is nothing more than a gimmick. It starts by shooting regular video, and you have press "slow motion" button at the right time. After that, it takes a few eeconds worth of video in super slow motion. If you can repeat the event that you are filming, you may get right it after a few trials, but for random events, it would be unlikely. -Audio quality is great with headphones. Speakers are clear too, but they are simply not loud enough. I can not hear quite many of Youtube videos even at the maximum volume if there is a slight background noise in the environment. In-call speaker volume is a little more than a joke. Overall, I thought I was upgrading but actually I now feel like I have downgraded my phone in many levels. I would not recommend this phone to anyone who wants to have a truly top of the line (or somewhere near there) phone.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars If you have been a Sony Xperia user, you always will be!. I have been using this phone for a month. Right after I purchased it, Sony announced a newer model of their flagship ZX1, so I thought I made a mistake by buying it though I have never regretted any bits of it. this phone works great, reacts fast, takes great pictures, and fits my hand just as I liked my Z2. If you have been a Sony user, you always will be. I don't understand why people always want to compare this with Galaxy. It all depends on personal preference.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Get it. This is the best phone I've ever owned. Its far from perfect but its very well built and performs great. You will need to flash a new image to it to enable the fingerprint scanner but the process is very easy and makes the device far more user friendly. The fingerprint scanner location is in a great location as well. Highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great Android phone My iPhone wielding friends always ask about it too :) PROS - fast - waterproof - good battery life - light Android skin - excellent camera with dedicated button - micro SD CONS - fingerprint scanner not enabled in US firmware (can flash firmware from any other country to enable it) - speaker volume is too low. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great, solid phone, does not use Micro USB but will use a USB Type-C.. Color: Blue w/ Headphone Bundle | Verified Purchase. This is a great upgrade from the previous model of Sony phones. I ended up upgrading from the Xperia Z5 to the XZs for the increase of power and storage capacity, with a stronger processor and twice the internal storage capacity. The battery is larger as well and lasts even longer than the Z5 in Stamina mode. Transfering your settings and saved data, such as WiFi settings and app settings, was fairly easy and quick to do. The size is not much different from the Z5, only by a fraction of a centimeter height wise, but has a more rounded look. One of the main selling points for the phone, aside from the larger storage, was the camera. While the camera is not as strong as other models, including the Z5, it does have a Super Slow-Mo mode that can shoot at an amazing 960 fps, which slows down videos far greater than what other phones can reach. The camera also has a 'prediction mode' when you are taking photos while in motion, trying to predict the image that you want in case you catch it a little early. The only thing that I do not care for is the data/charging port. Sony switched the port from a Micro USB to a USB Type-C. All of the charging cables that I have now are not compatible unless I buy an adaptor or a new cable.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good phone, fast and with decent screen for the price.. After using the phone for one week I find that it's really fast, has decent screen and it's waterproof. Battery life is good and connectivity (LTE and AC wifi) excellent. For the price I recommend it. For some weird reason Sony Xperia phones don't have a good presence in the US, but you are missing out on excellent phones if you go for other brands.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This is a really nice phone for the price. The color is nice as well. The only problem I have with this phone is that the charging is slow compared to others.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone!. Good speed , capacity, camera, I am very happy with my new phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This a great product at a great price! BUT BIG BUT, VERIZON would not or could not recognize Sony phone in there system. 5.0 out of 5 stars NOT UNLOCKED BY VERIZON. Great discount and price for Xperia, I always wanted one now I got it, fast shipping.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I've been using this phone for a while now and it reminded my how much I enjoyed the Xperia Z3 I had a while back. Camera is fast and pretty great in good lighting. 5.0 out of 5 stars ... while now and it reminded my how much I enjoyed the Xperia Z3 I had a while back. A very small phone compared to my previous ZTE zmax 981 6-inches phone, but after I got used to it, I realized that 4GB OF RAM is not enough to deal with 64 GB of memory. 4.0 out of 5 stars Try not to use over 40GB of memory bc 4GB of ram will begin to slow down & it will have a processing speed of a snail.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Still getting used to Android, but phone is really snappy, the screen is gorgeous and the fingerprint scanner works on the one I bought... 4.0 out of 5 stars Beautiful phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Xperia XZ / XZs Case, Ringke [FUSION] Streamlined Fit [Clear][Attached Dust Cap] Ultimate Durable PC Back Flexible TPU. Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Deepsea Black (US Warranty). [3-PACK] - Mr Shield For Sony Xperia XZ [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round. Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra 6" Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB - Black (U.S. See and discover other items: android micro sd card , wide angle camera lens , cricket lte phones , smartphones sony , t mobile smart phones , Straight Talk Smart Phones. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A confused midrange phone with a time-stopping ability. Sony’s slo-mo focused phone impresses with its camera trick, but this phone is too expensive for being a mostly iterative experiment.. Sony Xperia XZs price Launch price (April 2017) : $699 Current price: about $580 on Amazon Sony nails the small details Refined waterproof design looks and feels better than ever Dedicated camera button is something every phone should have The 960 frames per second super slo-mo mode is a true standout feature Battery life 2,900mAh capacity brings all-day performance under stress Not mind-blowing performance here, but it’s competitive for now Charging speeds don’t impress, as it takes 2 hours to charge fully Camera Super slo-mo takes the cake as the coolest feature 960 frames per second video requires proper lighting General camera performance doesn’t stack up to the best Anything else I should know? Who’s it for and should I buy it?. The Sony Xperia XZs offers improvements that are so minor to the original Sony Xperia XZ , you might not even notice them. But overlooking them would be such a shame.. This upper-midrange contender has received some welcome internal upgrades to put it above last year’s identical Sony flagship in value and performance. But the show-stealing trick up its sleeve that sets it far apart is super slo-mo video recording. The XZs ups the fun factor to the nth degree by using a lens that can capture 960 frames per second in your pocket. You’ve probably never seen life move so slowly.. Same solid design and specs, but without the super slo-mo ability. One of the leading options for photos, blowing the XZs out of the water in specs. You can’t say “camera” and “Android” without mentioning one of the very best around. As nice as these improvements are, Sony is asking a truly exorbitant price for a smartphone with specs that are so last year: $699 (around £529, AU$876). Sure, its IP68 waterproofing, dual SIM and microSD support, as well as the latest Android Nougat operating system each work in its favor. But until this phone is available heavily discounted to reflect the older tech inside, its super slo-mo feature will only be enjoyed by the truly dedicated.. Although Sony’s smartphones haven’t changed all that much design-wise year after year, it is undoubtedly honing its craft. The Sony Xperia XZs is among the company’s finest-looking devices (along with the 4K HDR-ready Sony Xperia XZ Premium ) and a lot of that refinement is seen in its many small details.. Despite its simple build, its curved edges make it easy to hold. And while you’re holding onto it, reaching for its unique array of buttons is a breeze. Outside of the US, this phone’s power button has a fingerprint sensor embedded within. But for “business reasons”, Sony has opted-out of including this baseline biometric method from its phones once again. It’s inexcusable, especially considering this device’s high cost.. Screen size: 5.2-inches Resolution: 1080p Battery: 2,900mAh Front camera : 13MP Rear camera: 19MP Weight: 158g Dimensions: 144 x 71 x 7.6mm OS: Android Nougat 7.1.1 CPU: Snapdragon 820 RAM: 4GB Storage: 64GB. The Sony Xperia XZs mimics the chassis of the XZ down to the millimeter and gram, so it comes as little surprise that the 2,900mAh battery inside is unchanged as well.. Thankfully, there’s no real change in battery performance either. In our experience with a review model, we were commonly able to stretch its life into a second day, so long as we didn’t stress it too hard. But on days filled with gaming, movies and lots of glorious super slo-mo recording, it needed to be popped on the charger at night.. During our lab test, the XZs discharge 18% after playing through a 90-minute 1080p video file. These results fall in line with most phones in this range, and in our experience, 82% is more than enough left in the tank to finish out the day.. Chances are good that if you’re interested in the Sony Xperia XZs, your main reason is likely to be for its camera. Well, we have some good news and some bad news. Let’s start with the good news.. Both the rear and front-facing cameras are capable of relatively balanced photos in a mix of lighting conditions. If you’re into very expressive, colorful photos, the XZs will be a pleaser. The LED flash located on both sides of the phone work well in illuminating the darkness and adding balance to photos in daylight.. The bad news: despite the camera’s fast launch and capture speed, we found the rear camera’s macro mode and general sharpness to be lacking if lighting conditions aren’t perfect. Sure, the same can be said about most phones, but we were disappointed that this phone doesn’t lend much of a hand on the software end for those really tough photo-taking scenarios. Strangely, even photos taken in well-lit environments are subject to bit of nasty grain.. That said, we were able to take more than a few slick (if we say so) examples that show off what the XZs can do. We also try to show off what this phone isn’t so good at.. Plenty of color and focus in this one. The rich dark blue color of the car is balanced nicely with the highlights. However, zooming in reveals tons of processing blur and artifacts surrounding the subject.. Click to view in full resolution. This photo is probably the highlight of our time with the XZs, but the phone has a nasty way of handling anything that isn't the subject. We're nitpicking here, but shouldn't you for a camera-centric phone?. Click to view in full resolution. What the auto mode in this phone is capable of is sometimes incredible. Generally, the photo looks great and are full of color. But zooming in tells a different, worse story.. Click to view in full resolution. As usual, the colors here are phenomenal. Not much to complain about with this one.. Click to view in full resolution. From afar, my kitty Neko is looking sharp and pretty unimpressed with me. But up close, the details fade.. Click to view in full resolution. This one's a stunner, capturing lots of precious light, color and detail. Like the others, this one suffers when you zoom in, but that's expected at this point.. Click to view in full resolution. Lots of ambient light here that does well not to step on its own toes. Despite the solid overall presentation, this looked a lot better on the phone's screen.. Click to view in full resolution. How this camera works with colors really saves it because the details get lost in full view.. Click to view in full resolution. This could be a whole lot worse. Fairly pleased with the low-light performance, though it suffers from the same artifacts that we've seen during the day. Click to view in full resolution. Click to view in full resolution. The super slo-mo feature works by recording video at 960 frames per second. To do this, it essentially doubles the shutter speed to 1,920. We noticed that lighting conditions have to be perfect for the shot to look good, as the capture is so fast that the amount of light needed per frame is much higher than if you were shooting an image with a longer exposure. Below, we’ve included samples shot in both ideal conditions and places where lighting made things difficult. Either way, the slo-mo feature rarely fails struts it stuff.. If you’re a purist in search of the next great phone with stock Android, don’t shy away from Sony’s flavor of Nougat so fast. Sure, it’s not exactly like what you’ll get on a Nexus 6P or Google Pixel , but as it’s a modified version of the Google Now Launcher, it’s closer to stock than some other companies’ Android layer. Better yet, if it follows the company’s past update schedule, it will likely get Android O at the same time as other leading flagship smartphones.. You’ll find Sony-made versions of just about every essential pre-installed app, including the phone app, the news app, a photo album and more. Some won’t find a need for these, though music fans shouldn’t sleep on Sony’s music app. It can connect through Google Drive and other services to play your high-fidelity music at a higher bitrate than Google Play Music is capable of.. There were a few instances of bloatware pre-installed on our reviewed model, though most will find the likes of Facebook, Spotify and Amazon somewhat useful. If you own a PS4 or PS4 Pro , you’ll be able to stream your gameplay straight through the XZs and connect a DualShock 4 via Remote Play. Less useful, however, is AVG anti-virus protection. This aside, you can find all of Google’s core apps tucked away, ready for use in the app drawer.. Just like the phone’s refined outside, the experience provided by its specs hums along smoothly. The combination of power brought by the Snapdragon 820 and 4GB of RAM is a potent combo that can easily tear through today’s most demanding apps and games. If you don’t test it, you’ll likely never see a hitch. Even if you do, chances are low that you’ll encounter a stutter during normal or accelerated use.. The Sony Xperia XZs is made for those who are constantly pulling their phone out to capture all of life’s moments. To that end, it’s definitely a winner thanks to its dedicated camera button, the plethora of software capabilities and of course, the super slo-mo mode. Few phones as much versatility as this one does.. This marquee feature does, however, come at a cost that’s currently too high. Specced out with what we’ve seen in flagship phones from late 2015 and into 2016, the XZs doesn’t have what it takes to roll with other devices at its price point, which sits anywhere from $580 to $699.. For that money, you could get a Samsung Galaxy S8 , Google Pixel or most other flagship smartphones. The XZs is fully capable of handling any game or app in the Google Play Store with aplomb, but if you have you have your sights set further than its amazing slo-mo feature, your cash could get you so much more.. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Sony Xperia XZs review Only a minor upgrade. by Lanh Nguyen April 25, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. The Sony Xperia XZs takes most of what we know from its predecessor and makes some improvements, but the changes are so few and far between that it isnât worth Sonyâs asking price of $700.. Sony took the wraps off of two new high-end smartphones at this year’s MWC. While the Xperia XZ Premium deservedly garnered most of the attention, the company also unveiled the successor of the Xperia XZ , which was their 2016 flagship.. The new flagship, dubbed the Xperia XZs , features only mild upgrades when compared to its predecessor, but are these changes enough to make this device more noteworthy? Find out in ourÂ. but it has to be mentioned that in a world where we are increasingly moving towards near bezel-less designs, the top and bottom chin on the Xperia XZs may be especially glaring to some. Granted, the design is reminiscent of previous Sony flagships going back a few years and isn’t bad by any means, but as some other OEMs have done, it may be time for a change.. As mentioned, there are only a couple of changes with the Xperia XZs when compared to its predecessor, but none as far as the design or build quality are concerned. Like the Xperia XZ before it, this device features what Sony calls a loop design, complete withÂ. sides that are rounded and taperÂ. towards the front and back, allowing for an in-hand feel that’s comfortable in the hand. The Xperia XZs’ loop design also features a flat top and bottom on which the phone can stand.. The XZs also comes with a metal plate on the back, plastic along the sides, and glass up front. The headphone jack and USB Type-C port are at the top and bottom respectively, and the power button, volume rocker, and a dedicated shutter camera shutter button are all found on the right side.. Sony, it may be time for a change. The Xperia XZs also retains the 5.2-inch IPS LCD display, with a Full HD resolution resulting in a pixel density of 424 ppi. As expected, the screen is sharp and vibrant, provides excellent viewing angles, color reproduction is good and doesn’t look too oversaturated, and the brightness is good enough for comfortable viewing outdoors. The 1080p resolution more than gets the job done here, and unless you are planning to use this device for VR, you aren’t going to miss Quad HD.. The first difference between the original Xperia XZ and the Xperia XZs comes in the performance section, but even this isn’t particularly significant. The Xperia XZs comes with the same processing package as its predecessor, including the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor backed by the Adreno 530 GPU, but the RAM has been bumped up from 3 GB to 4 GB.. The Snapdragon 820 processor may not be the latest and greatest anymore, but is more than capable of handling even processor-intensive tasks. There have certainly been no issues with lag or dropped frames when opening apps, browsing the web, or playing games, and multi-tasking and having more apps running in the background has only improved with the availability of an additional gigabyte of RAM.. There is a fingerprint scanner embedded into the power button of the phone, but this feature is once again not available for the US version of the device. Unfortunately, Sony has made it clear that this is something that isn’t going to change anytime soon.. 32 GB and 64 GB are the built-in storage options available, but if that isn’t enough for you, expandable storage via microSD card is possible for up to an additional 256 GB. Depending on the market, a dual-SIM version of the device is also available.. A couple of signature flagship Sony features are retained with the Xperia XZs, the first of which is the dual front-facing speaker setup. While they do sound pretty good, they unfortunately don’t get as loud as what you’d expect from stereo speakers. The second feature is an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance, which means that the device will be safe even if submergedÂ. US buyers: no fingerprint sensor for you. One area where Sony could have, and should have, made an improvement is with regards to the battery. You get the same 2,900 mAh unit as is found with the Xperia XZ, and this means that you also get the same mediocre battery life.. Light usage that involves texting, reading emails, and browsing social media will get you a full day of use, but anything heavier like watching videos on YouTube or playing games for even a small amount of timeÂ. will require you to reach for the charger at some point before your day ends.. It would have been great if Sony had followed in the footsteps of OnePlus and squeezed in a larger battery in the same space as the latter did with the OnePlus 3T , and it certainly feels like a missed opportunity.. What is easily the biggest change between the Xperia XZs and its predecessor comes in the camera department. This time around, you get a 19 MP Motion Eye camera on the rear, which may seem like a downgrade from the 23 MP unit found with the Xperia XZ, but as we all know, megapixels aren’t everything when it comes to image quality. In this case, there may be a reduction in megapixels, but the pixel size has been increased for better performance in low-light conditions.. Megapixels aren't everything when it comes to image quality. I’ve been very impressed with the camera experience overall. The camera is quick to launch, focus, and take a shot, and the predictive hybrid autofocus system is a fantastic feature for capturing moving objects. Of course, the inclusion of a hardware shutter and quick launch button is just as handy and useful as it has always been.Â. Photos offer plenty of sharpness and detail, great color reproduction that looks very natural and lifelike, and excellent dynamic range, with this camera very rarely underexposing or overexposing a shot.. It also performs surprisingly well in low-light conditions, and it is safe to say that this camera is one of the better low-light performers that you will currently find on a smartphone. There is still a fair amount of detail, noise is kept to a minimum, and it doesn’t have any issues with blowing out highlights or maintaining a proper white balance, as can be seen with a lot of other smartphone cameras out there.. This camera is one of the better low-light performers that you will currently find on a smartphone. The front-facing camera is also exceptionally good. A 13 MP front-facing shooter lets you capture plenty of detail and really nice looking colors, and the high megapixel count provides a lot more flexibility with zooming and cropping without a huge loss in quality. If you are into taking selfies, you are certainly going to have a great experience with this camera.. As good as this camera is with photos, the big story here is actually what you can do in video, with the camera having the ability to record slow motion video at a ridiculous 960 frames per second. It can look incredible when you capture the right moment and it is a lot of fun to use, but it isn’t all that it’s cracked up to be.. You can only record at 960 fps in short bursts, and it is capped at a 720p resolution. The biggest problem with it being 720p is that you are dealing with a huge crop factor, which deteriorates the quality and sometimes makes it hard to get exactly what you want into the frame unless you’re shooting outside or in an open area where you can take a few steps back. This frame rate also means that the shutter speed is extremely short, and as a result, doesn’t work very well in low light situations.. On the software side of things, the Xperia XZs is running Android 7.1.1 Nougat out of the box, with the latest version of Sony’s UI on top. Sony’s user interface has always kept things light and simple, and that remains the case this time around, making for a very smooth software experience. It isn’t a stock experience though, with Sony features like a built-in theme engine, custom launcher, wallpapers, and Settings menu setting it apart.. Unfortunately, Sony still continues to ship their phones with a slew of Sony apps and other third-party bloatware like Amazon Shopping and AVG. Other than that, the overall software package is pretty clean, and because the device is running Android Nougat, you are also able to take advantage of Google Assistant right out of the box.. Display 5.2-inch Triluminos Display IPS LCD. MicroSD Yes, up to 256 GB. Camera Rear: 19 MP sensor, f/2.0 aperture, EIS. Front: 13 MP sensor, f/2.0 aperture. Dimensions and weight 146 x 72 x 8.1 mm. So there you have it for this in-depth look at the Sony Xperia XZs! The Xperia XZs and the Xperia XZ that came before it are certainly not bad devices by any stretch of the imagination, but the $700 price point of the former is unfortunately going to be a deal breaker for some.. If you want a real upgrade from the Xperia XZ, you're better off waiting for the XZ Premium. The Xperia XZs is definitely not worth an upgrade from its predecessor, and if you are in the market for a new phone, there are quite a few options out there that undercut the Xperia XZs by several hundred dollars, such asÂ. the Moto G5 Plus and the OnePlus 3T. If you want a real upgrade from the Xperia XZ, you are better off waiting for the more powerful Xperia XZ Premium, which will be more worth your money.. Sony , Sony Xperia XZs. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Sony Xperia XZs makes few significant hardware improvements over the original to warrant its high price. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. High-resolution audio and dual stereo speakers. Fingerprint sensor not activated in US. The Sony Xperia XZs makes few significant hardware improvements over the original to warrant its high price.. The Sony Xperia XZs is a marginal update to last year's Xperia XZ. The two unlocked phones share the same design and nearly identical hardware, with the only differences coming in the form of battery and camera improvements. For $699.99, that's not quite enough. You can spend just a little more on the Samsung Galaxy S8 and get a nicer design, faster performance, and a sharper display. There's also no shortage of more affordable alternatives, like the ZTE Axon 7 and OnePlus 5, that provide a better combination of price and performance.. The Sony Xperia XZs and XZ are nearly identical in appearance, sharing the same dated design with a large rectangular bezel and rounded sides. The phone has a polished metal body available in black, blue, and silver.. The XZs measures 5.7 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches (HWD), the same as the XZ (though 0.1-ounce lighter, at 5.6 ounces). Compared with tall and narrow phones with borderless displays like the Galaxy S8 (5.9 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, 5.5 ounces) and the LG G6 (5.9 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5.8 ounces), it feels like some space has been wasted here. The large top and bottom bezel make it hard to use the phone comfortably with one hand.. A fingerprint sensor is integrated with the power button on the right, but it isn't activated in the US, which is disappointing, since even the entry-level Moto E4 includes this feature. You'll also find a mushy volume rocker and a camera shutter key on the right. A 3.5mm headphone jack is on top, and there's a pair of stereo speakers on the front. Both a dual-SIM and microSD card slot are accessible through a flap on the left, and a USB-C charging port is on the bottom.. Like its predecessor, the XZs is IP65/68 waterproof, meaning it can withstand immersion in up to five feet of water for 30 minutes. We submerged it in a bowl of water with no issue.. Left to right: Sony Xperia XZs, Sony Xperia XZ Premium. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. The phone has a 5.2-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS display. It's a crisp 424 pixels per inch ( ppi ), but it doesn't come close to matching the Quad HD G6 (565ppi) or S8 (570ppi), let alone the 4K Xperia XZ Premium (807ppi). That said, text and images appear sharp and free from pixelation. Viewing angles are good, and while screen brightness doesn't match the S8, it's still mostly visible outdoors. In direct sunlight it can get a bit too reflective, however.. The XZs is available unlocked and supports LTE bands 1/2/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/19/20/26/28/29/32/38/39/40/41, for use on GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. During our testing in midtown Manhattan, we exeprienced good network connectivity on T-Mobile, recording a top download speed of 37.5Mbps, which is similar to other phones we've tested on the network recently. Additional connectivity options include dual-band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, and NFC. But because the XZs has an older Snapdragon 820 processor, it won't support gigabit networks once they become available. Transmissions are on the muddy side and voices sound a bit robotic. Noise cancellation could also be better. During a conversation there was the distinct sound of traffic and voices in the background. Fortunately, earpiece volume is loud, so you should still be able to hear in a noisy environment.. If there's one area where the XZs really excels over its predecessor it's audio. The phone supports high-resolution audio with ALAC, DSD, FLAC, and LPCM file formats. The DSEE HX protocol enhances the quality of compressed music files by restoring high-range sound and employing digital noise cancellation when you use wired headphones. I tested this feature with a pair of standard headphones and was impressed with the crisp mids, sculpted vocals, and deep bass. Sound from the front-facing stereo speaker is also solid, but not quite as room-filling as the ZTE Axon 7 .. The Xperia XZs is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 2.15GHz, which still holds up well after being the go-to chip on last year's flagship phones. On the AnTuTu benchmark, a measure of overall system performance, the phone scored 136,325. That's less than the Snapdragon 835-powered S8 (158,266), but it's nothing to sneeze at. That said, it's disappointing that the phone is running last year's chipset given the premium price and lack of gigabit network suport .. The phone has 4GB of RAM, which is ample for multitasking. Actions like switching between apps, launching new apps, and playing games like GTA: San Andreas are smooth across the board. The phone does run a bit warm when gaming, but not distressingly so.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The phone clocked 6 hours, 15 minutes in our rundown test, which streams full-screen video over LTE at maximum screen brightness. That's better than the Galaxy S8 (5 hours, 35 minutes) and the G6 (5 hours, 57 minutes), though it falls short of the OnePlus 5's impressive 9 hours, 15 minutes. A revamped Smart Stamina mode optimizes power by learning usage habits and turning off Wi-Fi and other features you may not be using at certain times of the day. There's also Qnovo, which manages charging cycles to lengthen the lifespan of your battery, allowing for fast charging (Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0) when you first plug in, then trickle charging as you get closer to full.. The XZs delivers excellent camera performance that comes close to matching the Samsung Galaxy S8, which we consider the top camera phone on the market right now. The 19-megapixel camera on the back has all the same capabilities as the XZ Premium. There are RGB and IR sensors that improve color reproduction and focus speed, a CMOS sensor with phase detection autofocus that improves low-light shooting, and Motion Eye, a memory-embedded sensor that immediately processes images to minimize distortion and reduce post-processing time. Other features include manual controls to let you tweak focus, ISO, shutter speed, and white balance.. Pictures taken outdoors in good lighting are excellent. Details are crisp and free from noise, color reproduction is great, and the autofocus and autoexposure are responsive. When it comes to low-light shots, the XZs holds its own. In Superior Auto mode it's able to handle dimly lit indoor areas well, with good noise reduction. That said, the S8 still wins out in overall photo quality. Fine details are sharper and color reproduction is a bit more accurate, especially when it comes to shades of green.. The XZs is capable of shooting video at an impressive 960fps. It only works well in good lighting (outdoors in bright sunlight is best) and shoots in bursts of six seconds, but when it works, it results in some very cool video, like the spinning hands on the weather station below.. 1080p recording at 60fps and 4K recording at 30fps is crisp and stable. The latter can cause the phone to warm up, though we didn't encounter any overheating. The 13-megapixel front-facing camera takes crisp selfies and is great for video chats.. The XZs runs the latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat software with Sony's custom user interface on top. It's not a heavy UI layer, and aside from some minor visual and animation changes, it'll be familiar to most Android users.. You'll find Amazon, AVG Protection, Facebook, Lifelog, Lounge, Movie Creator, PlayStation, Sketch, Spotify, Video & TV Side View, and What's New preinstalled. None of the apps can be deleted, only disabled. That takes a good chunk out of your 64GB of total storage, but if you need more space, you can add a microSD card.. At $700, the Sony Xperia XZs is priced like a flagship. It offers great camera performance and solid battery life, but in most other regards it doesn't have the hardware to measure up to the competition. The processor hasn't been upgraded from last year, the bezel-heavy design remains unchanged, the display isn't the sharpest, and once again you're missing basic features like a fingerprint sensor. The Galaxy S8 offers a better experience all around, making it our Editors' Choice. On the more affordable end, the ZTE Axon 7 gets you a higher-resolution display at a lower price. And if you're looking for more power and battery life, the OnePlus 5 can't be beat .. Bottom Line: The Sony Xperia XZs makes few significant hardware improvements over the original to warrant its high price.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for sony xperia XZs. All Listings - Current page. results for sony xperia XZs. Save sony xperia XZs to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow sony xperia XZs to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 64GB - Black Blue Silver. Sony Xperia XZs 32GB Unlocked GSM 19MP Quad-Core Smartphone - Warm Silver. Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Ice Blue (US... 2 new & refurbished from $448.95. Sony Xperia XZs 64G 5.2" Smartphone Unlocked Black w/32GB+Virtual Reality Cinema. Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 64GB 5.2"Smartphone Black, Blue, Silver. SONY XPERIA XZS G8232 64GB BLACK/BLUE 4G DUAL SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 64GB - Blue. New Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Dual Sim 4GB RAM Factory Unlocked - Blue. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Docomo Xperia XZs SO-03J Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Docomo Xperia XZs SO-03J Ice Blue Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. New Sony Xperia XZs Dual Sim G8232 64GB 19MP 5.2" Phone+Gift. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB 5.2" 4G/64G LTE Unlocked. Brand NEW & SEALED!!! Sony Xperia XZs G8232, 64GB, 5.2',' 19MP, 4GB RAM. 2 new & refurbished from $448.95. (Unlocked) Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual Sim 4/64GB Black - FastShip. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Blue 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Silver 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Warm Silver Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE - Refurbished. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual LTE 5.2inch 4 RAM 64GB Black in stock. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 - 64GB - Warm Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone (Dual SIM). (Unlocked) Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual Sim 4/64GB Black/Blue/Sil ver Fedex/DHL. Sony Xperia XZs Dual Sim G8232 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 64GB - Black Blue Silver. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB 5.2" 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone Unlocked DHL Ship. Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 64GB 5.2"Smartphone. Sony Xperia XZs GB ? 19MP 5.2" Phone Black for parts only. New Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Dual Sim 4GB RAM Factory Unlocked - Silver. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Black 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual LTE 5.2inch 4 RAM 64GB Ice Blue Wty. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual LTE 4 RAM 64GB Warm Silver NIB. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
HSPA , GSM & LTE. April 2017 ; 10 months ago. April 2017 ; 10 months ago. ( 2017-04-05 ) ( United States ). April 2017 ; 10 months ago. ( 2017-04-07 ) ( Taiwan ). April 2017 ; 10 months ago. ( 2017-04-11 ) ( India ). April 2017 ; 9 months ago. ( 2017-04-22 ) ( Singapore ). April 2017 ; 9 months ago. ( 2017-04-27 ) ( Thailand ). Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996. Quad-core (dual 2.15 GHz + dual 1.6 GHz ) 64-bit Kryo processor. microSDXC ; expandable up to 256. Multi-touch , capacitive touchscreen , proximity sensor. mm) 1080p IPS LCD. px TRILUMINOS Display for mobile with X-Reality for mobile, Dynamic Contrast Enhancement, sRGB 138%. MP Motion Eye™ Camera, 1/2.3'' memory-stacked Exmor RS for mobile sensor (1.22μm), BIONZ , RGBC-IR, Laser AF, Predictive Hybrid AF, Predictive Capture, Quick launch, 5x Clear Image Zoom, 25mm Wide Angle G Lens, f/2.0. 4K ( 2160p ) video recording, 720p 960 fps super slow motion videos, SteadyShot with Intelligent Active Mode (5-axis stablization). 13 MP 1/3.06'' Exmor RS for mobile sensor, with Quick launch and 22mm Wide Angle Lens and f/2.0 aperture, SteadyShot with Intelligent Active Mode (5-axis stablization). USB 2.0 ( Type-C port, USB charging, Quick Charge 3.0). Design and Build [ edit ]. Connectivity and Audio [ edit ]. Official white paper (Dual SIM). Parts of this article (those related to the worldwide availability and sales) need to be updated. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. The Sony Xperia XZs is an Android smartphone manufactured and marketed by Sony. [2] Part of the Xperia X series, the device was announced to the public along with the Xperia XZ Premium at the annual Mobile World Congress last February 2017.. The device's highlight feature is its unique capability of capturing super slow-motion videos at an impressive 960 frames per second , a world's first in a compact smartphone. 1.1 Design and Build. 1.4 Connectivity and Audio. The Xperia XZs' design is exactly the same as the previous-gen flagship, the Xperia XZ , save for the larger lens port for the Motion Eye camera. It consists of 3 different materials that seamlessly blend together, called "Loop Surface" : a nylon frame, scratch-resistant front glass panel made of Corning's Gorilla Glass , and an aluminium alloy metal back. The subtly curved rear cover is made from ALKALEIDO alloy, a trademark by Kobe Steel , [4] complementing the smartphone's understated elegance, recognizable shape, and clean, fluid lines that debuted with the Xperia XZ. Up front are dual front-firing stereo speakers, one on top along with the front selfie camera, ambient light and proximity sensors and notification LED, and the other one at the bottom bezel.. The Xperia XZs' dimensions are also exactly the same as the previous flagship, 146. in) in height, with a width of 72. in) and a depth of 8.1. in) and still weighs approximately 161. oz) even with the new camera setup. [5] The device sports a 5.2. mm) 1080p IPS LCD display with a pixel density of 424 ppi, featuring Sony's TRILUMINOS™ display and X-Reality for mobile technology. Unlike the Xperia XZ Premium, the Xperia XZs is powered by the same quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 (MSM8996) chipset that came with the Xperia XZ, with 4 custom Kryo processors (2x 2.15 GHz and 2x 1.6 GHz ), but is upgraded to 4 GB of LPDDR4 RAM instead of the previous 3 GB and relies on the Adreno 530 for graphics rendering. The device also has an internal storage of 32 GB for the single-SIM variant and 64 GB for the dual-SIM variant, both are LTE Cat. It also has a microSD card expansion of up to 256 GB (in a hybrid slot for the dual-SIM variant).. Sony debuted in the Xperia XZs and the XZ Premium the world's first 3-layer stacked image sensor with DRAM for smartphones. [6] Known internally as Sony IMX400 , the new sensor features a RAM chip sandwiched in between the sensor and control circuitry layers which serves as a large and fast buffer to where the sensor can temporarily offload a significant amount of captured data before transferring it to the device's internal memory for processing. [3] This enables the camera to record super slow-motion videos at an unmatched (and a world's first for a smartphone) high frame rate of 960 fps at a steady 720p resolution, which is four times the speed of most flagship smartphones to date. Recording at super slow motion is only limited to 0.18 seconds per buffer though, about a blink of an eye, due to limitations.. The Xperia XZs is the first of the two new models to launch the now officially called Motion Eye™ camera. It has a 19 MP 1/2.3” Exmor RS for mobile sensor with a 1.22 μm pixel pitch, f/2.0 aperture and 25mm wide G Lens. It also features 4K video recording, which supports SteadyShot video stabilization alongside the standard 1080p/30fps and high-speed 1080p/60fps and a 120fps recording in 720p options. The front selfie camera has a 13 megapixel sensor (1/3.06") with 22. mm, f/2.0 lens and 90 degree wide angle lens, same as the Xperia XZ but now features SteadyShot™ with Intelligent Active Mode (5-axis stabilization ) like on the XZ Premium .. The Xperia XZs is also backed up by Sony's Triple Image Sensing technology first introduced in the Xperia XZ, comprised by the Image sensing ( CMOS sensor with PDAF), Distance sensing ( Laser AF sensor ) and Color sensing ( RGBC-IR sensor) systems. It features a hybrid autofocus that utilizes Phase Detection (PDAF) to lock focus on a subject within 0.03 seconds, and also includes phase and contrast detection along with predictive motion tracking. Like the previous flagship, it has a laser autofocus sensor for tracking and locking focus on an object faster than regular autofocus modes alongside the RGBC-IR ( R ed G reen B lue C lear- I nfra R ed ) color sensor that assists the white balance function of the camera by providing additional data about the light conditions of the surrounding environment. It also has SteadyShot with Intelligent Auto in addition to the five-axis sensor-shift image stabilization first seen in the Xperia XZ.. The Motion Eye™ camera also has a new feature called Predictive Capture. When it detects fast-paced movement, the camera automatically captures a maximum of 4 photos before the shutter button is pressed, and lets the user select the best one afterwards. This is done without any user intervention and is possible thanks to the same built-in RAM chip on the image sensor used in capturing its famed 960 fps super slow-motion videos.. The Xperia XZs is powered by the same non-removable 2900 mAh battery as the Xperia XZ, with a USB-C port for charging and data transfer, though at only USB 2.0 speeds compared to the XZ Premium's USB 3.1. It has Qualcomm's QuickCharge 3.0 and Qnovo adaptive charging technology built-in. This allows the device to monitor the cell's electrochemical processes in real time and adjust charging parameters accordingly to minimize cell damage and extend the battery cell's lifespan. It also comes with Battery Care, a Sony proprietary feature, that controls the charging process of the phone by learning and recognizing the user's charging patterns, preventing the phone from damaging the battery's cells from excessive heat due to overcharging. For example, when charging overnight, Battery Care stops the initial charge to 90 percent and then continue charging until full where it left off the next day.. The Xperia XZs still comes with the standard 3.5 mm audio jack for plugging in wired headphones. It also has LDAC , an audio coding technology developed by Sony [7] , that enables the transmission of 24bit/96khz High-Resolution (Hi-Res) audio content over Bluetooth at up to 990 kbit/s, three times faster than conventional audio streaming codecs, to compatible audio devices. And like the Xperia XZ, it has the standard set of connectivity options: Bluetooth 4.2 with aptX and Low Energy , NFC , dual-band Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac with 2x2 MIMO antennas for speeds up to 433Mbit/s, Wi-Fi Direct and hotspot, screen casting via Miracast , Google Cast and DLNA , GPS and A-GPS , GLONASS and BeiDou satellite positioning. The Xperia XZs, like many others, has no FM radio.. The Sony Xperia XZs launches with the latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat out of the box, along with Sony's famed minimalist approach to customizing its interface, Smart Stamina battery saving modes and its home-baked multimedia apps.. Retrieved 1 March 2017. ^ Leo Kelion (27 February 2017). "MWC 2017: Sony launches slow-mo Xperia XZ Premium phone". Retrieved 27 February 2017. ^ a b "Slow (e)motion: Sony Xperia XZs review - Page 8". Retrieved 24 May 2017. ^ "ALKALEIDO Trademark Application of Kabushiki Kaisha Kobe Seiko Sho - Serial Number 86869557. "Slow (e)motion: Sony Xperia XZs review". Retrieved 24 May 2017. ^ "Sony Develops the Industry's First 3-Layer Stacked CMOS Image Sensor with DRAM for Smartphones". Retrieved 24 May 2017. ^ "Sony Global - LDAC™: High quality wireless listening". Retrieved 6 January 2017 .. Sony Xperia mobile phones. See also: List of Sony Xperia phones. X10 mini / X10 mini pro. acro HD / acro S. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Smartphones Touchscreen mobile phones Sony mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2017. Hidden categories: Wikipedia articles in need of updating from May 2017 All Wikipedia articles in need of updating. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 22 February 2018, at 14:25. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia XZs. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia XZs smartphone was launched in February 2017. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. Sony Xperia XZs price in India starts from Rs. The Sony Xperia XZs is powered by 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 256GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia XZs packs a 19-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 13-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia XZs runs Android 7.1.1 and is powered by a 2900mAh non removable battery. It measures 146.00 x 72.00 x 8.10 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 161.00 grams. The Sony Xperia XZs is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Excellent camera performance Good build quality, water resistant Vivid display Speedy all-round performance Bad Severe overheating when recording videos Dated design. Read detailed Sony Xperia XZs review. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Sony Xperia XZs to Go on Sale in India Today. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Sony Xperia XZs Price in India Xperia XZs (Ice Blue, 64GB) Rs. 29,990 Xperia XZs (Warm Silver, 64GB) Rs. 29,990 Xperia XZs (Black, 64GB) Rs. Sony Xperia XZs detailed specifications. Release date February 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 146.00 x 72.00 x 8.10 Weight (g) 161.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2900 Removable battery No Colours Ice Blue, Silver, Black. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.6GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 256. Rear camera 19-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 13-megapixel. Operating System Android 7.1.1 Skin Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia XZs. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Sony Xperia XZs to Go on Sale in India Today. Sony Xperia XZs With 19-Megapixel Rear Camera, 960fps Super Slow Motion Video Launched at Rs. Sony Xperia XZs India Launch Set for Today. Sony Xperia XZs India launch Set for April 3. Sony Xperia XZ Premium, Xperia XZs First Look. Sony Xperia XZ Premium, Xperia XZs, Xperia XA1, Xperia XA1 Ultra Smartphones Launched at MWC 2017. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Sony Xperia Xz Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Sony Xperia Xa Ultra Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Apple iPhone 7 Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Sony Xperia Xz Sony Xperia Xz1 vs. Apple iPhone 6 Oneplus 5t vs. Sony Xperia Xzs Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Samsung Galaxy A5 2016 Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Sony Xperia Xz Premium vs. Sony Xperia Xz Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia XZs in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Apr 5, 2017. View all photos (49). Click to read the full review. Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The Xperia XZs is a minor upgrade over the Xperia XZ, the biggest improvement being the inclusion of Sony's Motion Eye camera. This new shooter stands out with the ability to take photos predictively, before the shooter is pressed. It can also take amazing slow-motion videos at 960 fps. Other than that, the XZs and XZ are practically identical in terms of visual appearance and hardware specs.. Sony Xperia XZs Review Sony Xperia XZs manual Sony Xperia XZs benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.32 inches (146 x 72 x 8.1 mm). Weight: 5.68 oz (161 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Display Physical size: 5.2 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features: Object tracking, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode, Effects. 3840x2160 (4K), 1280x720 (720p HD) (960 fps). Features: Time-lapse video, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 800, 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29, 32. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 9 (450/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 27 Feb 2017. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Sony G8231 , Sony Xperia XZs Dual. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Sony Xperia XZs Dual (G8232). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Sony Xperia XZs (International version). Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia XZs specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $394 Buy. Deal: Sony Xperia XZs is on sale at Amazon for only $399.99 ($200 off). Sony Xperia XZ and XZs receiving Android 8.0 Oreo update. Deal time: Sony Xperia XZs available for $499.99 on Amazon, B&H, BestBuy, save $100. Sony Xperia XZ1, XZ1 Compact, XZ Premium and XZs are getting a camera distortion fix. Xperia XZ1 vs XZs vs XZ Premium: Sony flagship comparison. Deal: Sony Xperia XZs now costs less than $600. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Sony Xperia XZs Price in the Philippines and Specification. 5.2 Triluminos display, Water resistant (IP65/68), Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM, 2900mAh battery with QuickCharge 3.0. 5.2 inches, FHD (1,080 x ... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Shipping from Php255 + 1% ..., LBC's next-day delivery. Model :64GB 100% Brandnew and Factory Sealed. Model :64GB 100% Brandnew and Factory Sealed. Php700/1lb for Shipping , 8-13 days for delivery. Php700/1lb for Shipping , 8-13 days for delivery. Php700/1lb for Shipping , 8-13 days for delivery. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free Cash on Delivery ..., Meet Ups Near or at LRT/MRT... Model :32GB NTC Registered 1 Year Official Sony Warranty. Model :64GB Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Model :64GB Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Insurance is inclusive of ..., Your order will be ... Sony Xperia XZs Price in the Philippines Starts from P20,200. The lowest price of Sony Xperia XZs is P20,200 at kimstore, which is 64% less than the cost of Xperia XZs at Lazada (P55,999).. This smartphone is available in 32GB, 64GB storage variants.. The latest price of Sony Xperia XZs was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 10:23.. Official Xperia XZs – Super slow motion. Nano SIM, Single SIM, Dual SIM. 2,900mAh with Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0. 19 MP + Motion Eye + 1/ 2.3” Exmor RS + HDR Photo + F2.0 + Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. 13 MP + 1/ 3.06” Exmor RS + 22mm Wide-angle lens F2.0. WiFi, Hotspot/Tethering, GPS, Bluetooth, Image Stabilization, Flash, Waterproof. 146 x 72 x 8.1 mm. Sony Xperia XZs with slow-motion camera arrives at the Philippines. The widely-anticipated Sony Xperia XZs flagship smartphone is now available for purchase in the Philippines. The device boasts of its slow-motion camera that captures up to 960 frames per second.. The Sony Xperia XZs smartphone has been launched way back February at the Mobile World Congress held in Barcelona. Just recently, the Japanese tech firm officially released the device here in the Philippines. Yes, you have heard it right. The flagship smartphone that you have been waiting for has finally arrived in the country. The Xperia XZs serves as an update to the current Xperia XZ that has been here for around six months now.. One of the selling points of the smartphone is its optics. It features a 19-megapixel Exmor RS sensor with Motion Eye technology. The Motion Eye feature enables the phone to capture multiple frames in one shot, giving the user the chance to select the best shot among all. In addition, the handset has an ability to shoot very fast frame rates because of the slow motion feature that film up to 960 frames per second. The only drawback is that the resolution of the video clip is just 720 pixels. If not using the slow-motion feature, you can switch to the normal mode and shoot Full HD videos.. Regarding the specs, the Sony Xperia XZs, the phone sports a 5.2-inch Full HD Triluminous display with curved scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass on top. Under the hood, it is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with Adreno 530 GPU. It packs 4GB RAM and two internal memory storage variants: 32GB and 64GB. Both can be expanded via microSD card. It runs an Android 7.1 Nougat operating system out-of-the-box and is fueled by a 2900mAh non-removable battery that supports Qnovo Adaptive Charging. It is priced at around Php 39,990.. Read more news on this product. User Review : 1 Reviews. Ang latest model na phone ko ay subrang gandang gamitin ang ganda ng pag compact ng design niya i choose this ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. 5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. 6 inches, FHD (1920 x 1080). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.0 inches, HD (720 x 1280). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 6 inches, Full HD (1920 x... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3GB. Most viewed ranking for Sony Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp. FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour. >> Free Shipping on most orders over $49. Specials & Rebates See All Specials >. 1 of Deals Today. Enjoy Extended Returns thru Feb 1, 2018!. You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017.. All other standard return policy. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black). Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black). Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Place your order by 4pm and your order will ship the same day. For further details see delivery estimates in cart. International orders are processed the next shipping day.. 19MP 1/2.3" Exmor RS Camera Sensor. 25mm f/2.0 Sony G Lens + BIONZ Processor. 2.15 GHz Snapdragon 820 Quad-Core CPU. 64GB Storage Capacity + 4GB of RAM. 5.2" 1920 x 1080 IPS LCD Display. This device is Carrier-unlocked and may be used with any GSM carrier that uses a frequency or band that this device supports. A SIM card and service plan must be purchased separately. This device's frequencies can be found in the product Specifications under Cellular Network. Your carrier's available frequencies may be found in the links below. North American Carriers South American Carriers Worldwide Carriers. $0.00 Tax Collected Outside NY and NJ. B&H only collects sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in the States of New York and New Jersey. You may be responsible for state and local sales/use taxes when filing your tax returns. Please check your local sales tax laws.. Enjoy powerful performance and high-quality optics with the unlocked Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone in black. This smartphone is powered by the Snapdragon 820 quad-core chipset, which incorporates two dual-core Kryo processors running at 1.6 and 2.15 GHz. Additionally; this smartphone has 4GB of RAM for efficient multi-tasking and 64GB of storage capacity, which can be expanded via the dedicated microSD card slot. The Xperia XZs is endowed with a 5.2" IPS LCD display, which is designed to deliver life-like color reproduction with optimized image contrast, color, and sharpness thanks to HDR. The phone's Full HD 1920 x 1080 native resolution allows you to view vivid high definition content without pixel loss. On the rear of the phone is a 19MP camera with a 1/2.3" Exmor RS sensor for capturing bright and detailed images. For high-resolution selfies and 1080p video-chatting, the XZs is also equipped with a 13MP front camera. Bluetooth 4.2 with aptX is built into this device for pairing with other Bluetooth-enabled devices and transmitting high-quality audio, and NFC enables easy pairing. With dual-band 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi, you can enjoy high-speed wireless Internet connectivity. GPS with GLONASS is also onboard for using Google Location and Maps services. The Xperia XZs houses a non-removable 2900mAh battery, rechargeable via the reversible USB Type-C port.. 19-Megapixel Motion Eye Camera with Exmor RS for Mobile Image Sensor. The Xperia XZs offers a rear camera with a large 1/2.3" 19-megapixel Exmor RS Sensor for high definition image capturing. Motion Eye enables recording at up to 960 frames per second, enabling you to capture ultra-slow-motion video in 720p HD quality. Predictive Capture buffers images a second before you hit the shutter, giving you up to four images to choose from, and Predictive Hybrid Autofocus technology anticipates motion to keep your subject in focus. A fast shutter helps reduce distortion when capturing fast-moving objects. The Sony Exmor RS for Mobile image sensor launches in half a second and features a unique stacked structure that allows for even more light gathering ability than backside-illuminated image sensors, leading to less noise and better low light ability in a more compact size. In front of the 1/2.3" sensor is a bright f/2.0 25mm-equivalent Sony G Lens that also helps produce sharp pictures, even in low light. The Xperia XZs also features the Sony BIONZ for mobile image processor which helps eliminate noise while preserving detail even at ISO sensitivities up to 12800, or 4000 for video. Video can also be recorded at vivid 4K resolution. The front-facing camera has a 13MP, 1/3.06" sensor with 1.12µm pixels and an f/2.0 22mm-equivalent wide-angle lens, enabling you to take self-portraits and videochat in 1080p Full HD.. GSM / 4G LTE Wireless Connectivity. This phone is designed to work on select GSM networks and is 4G LTE capable. LTE is an advanced cellular network data protocol capable of data speeds so fast that they compete with wired broadband Internet providers. With an LTE connection, this phone should have no problem streaming HD video, downloading apps, uploading photos, or anything else that requires a high-speed data connection. The phone is also backwards compatible with 3G and 2G data for instances when you can't get LTE. In addition to cellular wireless, this phone also features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. Note: Not compatible with all cellular networks. Please make sure your provider uses a frequency or band that this phone supports. You can check which bands this phone works with in the Specifications. North American Variant / US Compatible LTE. The G8232 is a US variant of the Xperia XZs. The G8232's LTE radio is tuned to frequencies that are most often used in the United States and North America. It can also be used in other parts of the world; however, LTE access may be limited or unsupported, depending on the network. To ensure this phone will work with your carrier please check to make sure the frequencies your carrier uses are supported by this phone. The full list of compatible carrier frequencies can be found here, the frequencies this phone supports can be found in the product specifications.. Dual SIM Dual Standby (DSDS) allows you to lower your mobile costs when traveling while staying connected. Once your SIM cards are installed, you will be able to receive phone calls and text messages from either without needing to manually choose which one is active. When you want to make a call or send an SMS message, you can select the correct SIM card. When one SIM card is being used for a phone call, the other will not be active until you hang up. The Android operating system integrates heavily with Google's services. Using the card-based Google Now, Android quickly surfaces information for you whenever you need it, powered by the same Knowledge Engine that runs Google's web search. It's a personalized and customizable OS, allowing you to add your favorite apps or widgets to your homescreen. You can even download new themes using the Google Play Store, which offers access to more than one million apps, games, books, music, movies, and more. Android 7.1 Nougat adds major productivity capabilities to the operating system in the form of a multi-window view, which allows for two apps to be placed onscreen at a time. An improved notification system allows you to interact with texts and emails right from your notification pane - without needing to open the app. Other features include file-based encryption, a Data Saver mode, the ability to scale text and icons to better suit your phone's screen, and more.. The XZs' display features TRILUMINOS technology that can produce a wider color spectrum than traditional displays. The X-Reality engine adds missing pixels, reduces noise, and enhances texture, and the Dynamic Contrast Enhancer uses adaptive tone mapping for contrast correction to reduce oversaturation.. Pair your XZ to your PS4 gaming console Compatible with PS4 dual shock controllers with clip-on mount (sold separately) Remote Play allows you to take your PlayStation 4 gaming anywhere in your home via Wi-Fi. The XZs' Xperia Actions automatically adjust their settings to your environment, learning how to best serve you based on how you use it.. The Xperia XZs is certified IP65/68 against dust, rain, and low-pressure jets of water when its ports are sealed with the attached covers. The capless USB Type-C port must be completely dry before charging. Water-resistant in fresh water only; do not submerge.. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black). Why Buy an Unlocked Phone: A Primer. The Camera Phone is 20 Years Old!. What Smartphones Should I Consider If I Care About Security?. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29, 32, 38, 39, 40, 41. MP / Video: 1920 x 1080p. MP / Video: 3840 x 2160p. Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Proximity sensor. Dimensions (W x H x D). Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Black) is rated. Rated 5 out of. Great phone, switched from Galaxy and I'm glad I did. Switched after having several Galaxy phones over the year and definitely glad I did. Great display, easy to see even in the sun. Camera is outstanding, super slow motion feature needs a decent amount of light to work but it's been fun to use. Runs a clean version of Nougat, not a whole lot of software forced onto this phone. Run very quick, no lag, apps open fast and video streams perfectly. Front speakers are great for speakerphone, podcasts, news ,etc. Music is good through the speakers but not super loud. Dedicated camera button is a nice feature. Battery life has been great so far, I usually have at least 50% remaining at the end of a day with normal to heavy use. Rated 4 out of. I got this to replace my old Z3 since it was a great deal, the jump in performance was definitely noticeable and the camera is amazing.. While I didn't really need to replace my old phone my only major disappointment with the XZs was that they removed MSC mode in favor of MTP so the transfer rate and access times are abyssmal everytime I want to move something in/out of my microSD card.. There is also a fingerprint reader but not functioning for whatever reason, you can activate it by flashing firmware from another country that has it enabled. Shouldn't take more than an hour to do, it's simple and definitely worth the effort.. Rated 5 out of. I received my phone in a timely manner, well packaged. I am very satisfied with the phone everything that I had expected.. Rated 3 out of. Great styling, good hand feel, beautiful screen. Here's the bad: You can buy this phone as a dual SIM OR as single SIM with expandable memory, but not both. Sony has used what is called a hybrid SIM/SD tray. The SD card spot on the tray doubles as the second SIM card slot and only one of those cards can occupy the slot. So, when I bought this phone along with a 64 gig SD card, I thought I was setting myself up with a pretty decent rig. Another shame is that Sony has removed the FM radio from its higher end Xperia lineup. All told, if I was to do it over I would opt for the Dual SIM Xperia XA Ultra for half the price but with all the aforementioned features and stick a 128 gig SD card in it. Odd choices for what was for a short time Sony's flagship phone.. Rated 5 out of. Sony camera quality in a cell phone. Excellent phone with an extraordinary camera included.. Rated 1 out of. battery problem for all xperia series. I have to write this review to warn people about battery problem of xperia series. I've been a long time Sony fan and have been purchased Xperia Z1, Z1c, Z3, Z5, Z5c and XZs (this model). Unfortunately from Z5 and onward, all models are experiencing battery problems. The symptom is: battery drop quickly without usage, even with flight mode and wifi off. My XZs' battery lasts two days with normal usage out-of-the-box. However just after 8 months, it suddenly began to drain fast, within a week, the battery can only last half day. The same symptom happened on my Z5 and Z5c, but they started to behave like this after 15 months, which is kind of normal, but still worse than other brands.. Be the first to review this item. See any errors on this page?. Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.. Shipping Free Expedited Shipping for most orders over $49. Returns Shop With Confidence Easy 30-Day Return Policy. Gift Cards The Gift that Never Expires. Event Space Expert B&H Events and Presentations. Browse our Winter 2018 Interactive Catalog. Sign up for B&H news and special offers. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. The email address you entered was an invalid email.. Speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more.. Enjoy the B&H mobile shopping experience. Norton Secured - Powered by Symantec. © 2000-2018 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 420 9th Ave, New York, NY 10001. We close every Friday evening to Saturday evening for Shabbos.. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms NYC DCA Lic.: Elec. 
Sony Xperia XZs specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (350). Sony's Album shines as a gallery app. Audio output has its ups and downs. Test Frequency response Noise level Dynamic range THD IMD + Noise Stereo crosstalk. Sony Xperia XZs +0.01, -0.02 -93.5 93.3 0.0042 0.0092 -92.7. Sony Xperia XZs (headphones attached) +0.12, -0.32 -92.6 93.2 0.0072 0.219 -67.0. LG G6 +0.01, -0.02 -93.3 93.3 0.0059 0.0095 -94.4. LG G6 (headphones attached) +0.01, -0.02 -93.4 93.4 0.0067 0.020 -56.3. Huawei P10 +0.01, -0.04 -93.0 94.8 0.0019 0.0080 -93.5. Huawei P10 (headphones attached) +0.25, -0.02 -92.7 93.0 0.192 0.175 -59.5. Google Pixel +0.02, -0.03 -93.0 93.0 0.0045 0.0086 -92.6. Google Pixel (headphones attached) +0.22, -0.03 -92.7 92.7 0.0054 0.129 -50.9. Apple iPhone 7 +0.06, -0.10 -92.4 92.3 0.0015 0.0093 -80.9. Apple iPhone 7 (headphones attached) +0.03, -0.11 -92.3 92.3 0.0011 0.012 -77.0. Samsung Galaxy S7 (headphones) +0.05, -0.05 -91.9 92.1 0.0044. The Album app is among the most comprehensive and feature-rich gallery apps we've seen, and it's fast and easy to use.. At the very top of the list is a slideshow, showing off your photos. Lower down, the first photo of each month is shown at twice the size of other images. Photos are organized by month, and you can use pinch-zoom to change the size of thumbnails (then they smoothly animate into the grid).. The Album app is beautiful and functional. You can also browse photos on a map instead (you can manually add geotag info too) or by folder. This includes network storage so that you can view photos from a DLNA server (your home computer, for one). Then there's integration with online albums - Facebook, Picasa, Flickr.. Image editing is handled by several apps, including the default Image Editor, Sketch and Sticker creator (so you can create your own custom stickers to send to your friends).. Sketch lets you fingerpaint over a photo or a paper-like texture, add text, stickers, photos and so on. If you're talented (the below screenshot reveals our mediocrity), you can share your creations on the Sketch mini-social network. We stuck with just browsing through what others drew.. Sketch is a fun image editor with a mini social network for sharing art. Movie Creator is similar to the Google Photos Assistant. It automatically creates short videos from the photos and videos you've shot. You can do it manually too: pick photos and videos, change their order, add color effects and music (you get a small audio collection to start you off, but can use custom files too). Then tap the Share button and send out your animated slideshow.. The Movie Creator can automatically or manually make shareable slideshows. The Music app feels like a part of the same software package as the rest of the custom Sony stuff. The contextual side menu offers much of the same browsing options - by folder, network folder and online services, in this case, Spotify (it's just a link to the Spotify app though). You can share music from the phone to compatible players.. The app can find the track's video on YouTube, look up info about the artist on Wikipedia, and search for lyrics on Google.. The Music app offers a variety of audio settings - ClearAudio+ determines the best audio quality settings depending on the track you're listening to. Then there's DSEE HX, which uses an almost wizardly algorithm supposed to restore or rather extrapolate compressed music files, like MP3s into high-res audio. According to Sony, the result is near Hi-Res Audio Quality, but it only works with wired headphones.. Dynamic normalizer evens out the volume differences across tracks, which is great if you've mixed multiple albums from multiple sources.. There's no FM radio on the Xperia XZs, and Sony's proprietary song recognition app Track ID doesn't come pre-installed. It's still available to download from the Play Store, of course.. Named simply Video, the app is a lot more than a player. It can play your local videos and videos on your home network, plus it has extensive subtitle settings. Additionally you can flip a switch and have videos played in the background.. But if you tell the app where you are, and if your region is supported, it will pull info off of the internet with TV schedules, shows currently airing, and highlights of what to expect.. The Sony Xperia XZs delivered excellently clean output when used with an active external amplifier, getting top marks across the board. Its output loudness was above average so its a very decent performance overall.. Clarity degradation caused by headphones is very reasonable too - a very well contained hike in stereo crosstalk and a little intermodulation distortion is all we got. However add the drop in loudness which was only average and you get a less than perfect performance. Pretty good, mind you, but certainly not among the best out there.. You can learn more about the tested parameters and the whole testing process here .. Sony Xperia XZs specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (350). Sony Xperia XZs review Page 7. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony's official Xperia XZ2 videos explain the new design and features. Sony officially unveils its new Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact flagships. Watch Sony unveil the Xperia XZ2 live here at 8:30 CET. Sony Xperia XZ1 drops to $495 in US. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.32 inches (146 x 72 x 8.1 mm). Weight 5.68 oz (161 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features Object tracking, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode, Effects. Camcorder 3840x2160 (4K), 1280x720 (720p HD) (960 fps). Features Time-lapse video, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 800, 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29, 32. LTE (TDD) Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data LTE-A Cat 9 (450/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $394 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The next video is starting stop. Sony Xperia XZs - Unboxing (4K). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. New Sony Xperia XZs - Unboxing & First Look Best price US: http://amzn.to/2pYdvCf 👍👍👍 Connect with us on Instagram - https://goo.gl/Ac18MZ Twitter - https://goo.gl/rhA1RL 👍👍👍. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia XZs vs Samsung Galaxy S8 - Speed Test!. Sony Xperia XZs review, super slow motion sample, Gaming, Benchmark, battery life, performance 😀. Sony xperia XZs - A proper review (things they don't tell you). Xperia XZs – Detailed Features overview.. Sony Xperia XZs Review - Sony's Best Phone... Sony Xperia XZs vs Xperia XZ - Speed Test!. Sony Xperia XZs - 4 months of usage (Asphalt 8 test included).. Sony Xperia XZs Full Review - Nothing Wired. Sony Xperia XZs Review: A Minor Upgrade. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: a week with the new handset from Sony. Sony Xperia XZs In-Depth Review - Twenty First Tech. Sony Xperia XZs Unboxing & First Impressions (vs Xperia XZ). Sony Xperia XZs vs iPhone 7 Plus Speed Test, Multitasking, Benchmark. Sony Xperia XZs review - Did Sony improve the camera?. Sony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Water Freeze Test 12 Hours! What Will Happen!?. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Accessories may have cosmetic damage. Item will come in original packaging.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Get up to a $26.30 Gift Card.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Ice Blue (US Warranty). for " sony xperia xzs ". Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. 19MP Motion Eye image sensor with 960 FPS super slow-motion video and Predictive Capture capability. CPU :Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor Quad-core. 5.2-inch Full HD 1080p Triluminous display with 2.5D curved Gorilla Glass 4 loop surface and polished metal back panel.. Advanced stereo dual microphone and speaker system with Hi-Res audio capability with DSEE-HX, LDAC, and automatic headset compensation support.. Dual SIM with 64GB onboard memory or single SIM with up to 256GB expandable with MicroSD card. Unlocked and compatible with GSM/LTE carriers utilizing GSM network such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, MetroPCS, Cricket Wireless, Simple Mobile, Bright spot, and others. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Ice Blue (US Warranty) $396.70. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. Xperia XZ / XZs Case, Ringke [FUSION] Streamlined Fit [Clear][Attached Dust Cap] Ultimate Durable PC… $11.99. Sold by Ringke Official Store and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. [3-PACK] - Mr Shield For Sony Xperia XZ [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H… $7.95. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra 6" Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Luminous Chrome (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Forest Blue (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra 6" Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB - White (U.S. Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Deepsea Black (US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Xperia XZ / XZs Case, Ringke [FUSION] Streamlined Fit [Clear][Attached Dust Cap] Ultimate Durable PC Back Flexible TPU Bumper Cover [Impact Resistant/Drop Protection] For Sony Xperia XZs / XZ. [3-PACK] - Mr Shield For Sony Xperia XZ [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Sony Xperia XZ / XZs Case, Remex Heavy Duty Shockproof Dual Layer Hybrid Armor Defender Full Body Protective Cover with 360 Degree Rotating Kickstand for Sony Xperia XZ / XZs. Xperia XZ Screen Protector, Xperia XZs Screen Protector, J&D Glass Screen Protector [Tempered Glass] HD Clear Ballistic Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia XZ/ XZs - 3 Packs. Sony Xperia XZs / XZ Case, MoKo Shock Absorbing TPU Bumper Ultra Slim Clear Protective Case with Anti-Scratch Hard Back Cover for Sony Xperia XZs 2017 / XZ (2016) - Crystal Clear. [3 Pack]-Sony Xperia XZ/XZS Tempered Glass, Sony Xperia XZ/XZS Screen Protector Glass 0.33mm 2.5D 9H Hardness [Anti Scratch][Anti-Fingerprint] Bubble Free.. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. The new Xperia XZs has one of the world’s first memory-stacked 19MP Motion Eye image sensor. With 64GB built in memory and Dual-SIM compatible.. One of the World’s First Memory-Stacked 19MP Motion Eye Image Sensor. The Motion Eye camera system features a 1GB memory-stacked camera sensor that processes images five times faster than conventional image sensors. This is the Sony technology behind our super-slow motion and Predictive Capture.. The Xperia XZs boasts an improved 6-element Sony G Lens, an updated Exmor RS sensor with 10% larger pixels than its Xperia XZ predecessor for better low-light shots, and an all-new Bionz image processing engine with motion detection for advanced image-quality tuning.. Magic moments happen in the blink of an eye, so we built a smartphone camera that can capture them all. The Motion Eye camera has a memory stacked sensor and records 960 frames per second, for super-slow motion video that reveals what you’d otherwise miss.. Never Miss a Moment with Predictive Capture. Predictive Capture is a new feature that buffers images while preparing to shoot automatically. It saves up to four photos seconds before you press the shutter button to capture the right moment even if you’re late on the trigger.. 5.2-inch Full HD 1080p Triluminous Display. The Xperia XZs has a Sony X-Reality picture engine with 2.5D curved Gorilla Glass 4 loop surface and polished metal back panel. The Xperia XZs has 4G LTE Cat 9 support, upgraded 4GB RAM and 64GB internal memory, expandable memory slot compatible with microSD cards of up to 256GB. A 2900 mAh battery with Smart Stamina, Qnovo Adaptive Charging, and Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 with USB Type-C.. The Xperia XZs is a dual SIM device. The SIM/expandable memory tray has the option of either Dual SIM mode or Single SIM with a mircroSD memory card up to 256GB.. Explore distant galaxies from the kitchen or score spectacular goals on your balcony. PS4 Remote Play lets you lose yourself in game play.. Advanced stereo dual microphone and speaker system with integrated noise cancellation. Hi-Res audio capability with DSEE-HX, LDAC, and automatic headset compensation support.. 5” HD (1280x720) / Corning Gorilla Glass / Image Enhance Technology. 6“ Full HD (1920x1080) / Corning Gorilla Glass / Image Enhance Technology. 5.2“ Full HD (1920x1080) / Trilumios Display / X-Reality / Corning Gorilla Glass. 5.5" 4K HDR (2160x3840) / Trilumios Display / X-Reality / Corning Gorilla Glass. 13MP / 3x Clear Image Zoom. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Hybrid Auto-Focus. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Hybrid Auto-Focus. 19MP Motion Eye / Sony Exmor RS Stacked Sensor / 960 fps super slow motion / Predictive Capture. 19MP Motion Eye / Sony Exmor RS Stacked Sensor / 960 fps super slow motion / Predictive Capture. 8MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor. 16MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Optical Image Stabilization (OIS). 13MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / Steady Shot. 13MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / Steady Shot. xLOUD / Clear Audio+ / SmartAmp. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. 7.0 – Nougat / Nano Sim. 7.0 – Nougat / Nano Sim. 7.0 – Nougat / Nano Sim. 7.1 – Nougat / Dual Nano Sim. 7.1 – Nougat / Dual Nano Sim. Mediatek MT6737T Quad-Core / / Mali 720-MP2 450MHz / 2GB RAM / 16GB Flash memory / Up to 256 GB microSD card. Mediatek MT6757 2.3 GHz Octa Core 64bit / Mali-T880 MP2 / 3GB RAM / 32GB Flash memory / Up to 256 GB microSD card. Mediatek MT6757 2.3 GHz Octa Core 64bit / Mali-T880 MP2 / 4GB RAM 32GB Flash memory Up to 256 GB microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 2x 2.2GHz, 2x 1.6GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 530 / 4GB RAM / 64GB Flash memory / Single Sim and up to 256GB microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 2x 2.45 GHz / 1.9 GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 540 / 4GB RAM / 64GB Flash memory / Single Sim and up to 256GB microSD card. 2620mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Type C USB Charging. 2300mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charge Compatible / Type C USB Charging. 2700mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charger Compatible / Type C USB Charging. 2900mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / QC3.0 Quick Charger Included / Type C USB Charging. 3230mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / QC3.0 Quick Charger Included / Type C USB Charging. Size / Weight / Water Resistance. 5.9 x 2.9 x 0.3 in / 6.7 oz / No. 5.7 x 2.6 x 0.3 in / 5.0 oz / No. 6.5 x 3.1 x 0.3 in / 6.6 oz / No. 5.7 x 2.8 x 0.3 in / 5.8 oz / Yes IP68. 6.1 x 3.0 x 0.3 in / 6.8 oz / Yes IP68. LTE:2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 17, 28 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 8 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 28, 29, 66 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 8 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 28, 66 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 8 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:1,2,3,4,5,7,8,12,13,17,19,20,26,28,29,32,38,39,40,41 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 19 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE:1,2,3,4,5,7,8,12,13,17,19,20,26,28,29,32,38,39,40,41 / HSPA:1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 19 / GSM:850, 900, 1800, 1900. 2.8 x 5.7 x 0.3 in. 3.1 x 6.4 x 0.31 in. 2.8 x 6.1 x 0.3 in. 2.6 x 5.7 x 0.3 in. 0.2 x 5.8 x 2.8 in. 2.83 x 5.75 x 0.32 in. Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Ice Blue (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra 6" Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Luminous Chrome (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ1 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2" Full HD HDR Display - 64GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB Forest Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. The new Xperia XZs represents the latest in Xperia’s state-of-the-art camera, video, and audio capabilities. The Motion Eye Camera allows you to shoot video at an unprecedented 960 frames per second, perfect for super-slow-motion playback. With its Predictive Capture feature, the Motion Eye Camera captures photos at just the right moment. The Triple Image Sensing Technology and 5-Axis Image Stabilization, introduced on the Sony Xperia XZ, round out the robust features on the camera. Sony’s advanced audio technologies are also included, such as LDAC, DSEE HX, and AHO, to ensure your listening experience is as true as possible to the original audio recording. The XZs also features a stereo dual microphone. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, and 4GB of RAM, all of which come in handy when enjoying your games via PS4 Remote Play, only available on Xperia. with a 5.2-inch Corning® Gorilla Glass® Full HD display, loop surface, and ALKALEIDO™ metal back case, add up to make the Xperia XZs a stylish, durable, and extraordinary smartphone.. 5.7 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches. 11.2 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #90,623 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,724 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Manufacturer’s warranty can be requested from customer service. Click here to make a request to customer service.. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 63% 4 star 18% 3 star 12% 2 star 5% 1 star 2%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars This phone is awesome. it feels good, looks good, excellent photos and it's fast. I gotta say, I love this phone. The blue is crazy good looking. I don't even want to put it in a case! Phone is snappy, very snappy, waterproof & Camera is fast. the pictures it takes are nothing short of remarkable. the screen, oh my, the screen is brilliant and the colors are vibrant. -- i can only imagine how beautiful it's big brother the XZs Premium looks, with 4k screen. It has to be one of the brightest screens out there, i think. battery lasted me all day with heavy use on the first day. Only concern is when I take out the memory card the phone does a quick reboor. I guess it's because the memory card shares the same SIM tray, but that has become standard for dual sim phones... ...Ummm where are the headphones though?. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Just OK with many features secretly removed by Sony. I have been using this phone for a few months now. I have the latest and greatest system software and apps from Sony. Here's what I think: -Battery life is adequate. Compared to my previous phone (a Sony Xperia Z5C), it lasts a lot less, but I can easily get through a busy day, so no complaints. -Sony always says some apps (notably camera) may shut down if the device heats up during use. It never happened with my previous Sony's (Z3C and Z5C), but it did happen once with XZs. -Sony deleted FM Radio app, and it can not be found/installed. While it's not that critical, it doesn't sit well with the idea that I upgraded from Z5C, which had it. -Similarly, this phone (although marketed as the flagship a short while ago) doesn't have Mirrorlink. A bummer for me because Z5C had it. XZs looks and works crippled in my car relying on just Android Auto. -The speed and general feeling is very similar to my previous Sony's, not particularly fast or anything. Contrary to what I saw in many other reviews, it takes a long time for camera to come up when you want to snap a quick photo. This may be because of location tagging that I enabled, but it is what it is and it leaves a lot to be desired in terms of camera start-up speed. Sometimes, the camera would come up but would not take photos. Not too often, but quite annoying when it happens. -Display quality and resolution is excellent, but adaptive brightness sometimes seems as though it was not enabled. -Smartconnect (Sony's app to automatically do certain tasks when headphone or Bluetooth connections are made) is crippled on this phone for some reason. For example, with my Z5C, I was turning on the WiFi tethering as soon as my phone connected to car Bluetooth. This way, my car's unit was able to connect to the Internet through my Z5C's WiFi hotspot. Now, even though Smartconnect app can be installed on XZs, Sony removed the ability to turn on/off WiFi tethering for some odd reason. -Super Slow Motion video capture is impractical, hard to use and pretty much is nothing more than a gimmick. It starts by shooting regular video, and you have press "slow motion" button at the right time. After that, it takes a few eeconds worth of video in super slow motion. If you can repeat the event that you are filming, you may get right it after a few trials, but for random events, it would be unlikely. -Audio quality is great with headphones. Speakers are clear too, but they are simply not loud enough. I can not hear quite many of Youtube videos even at the maximum volume if there is a slight background noise in the environment. In-call speaker volume is a little more than a joke. Overall, I thought I was upgrading but actually I now feel like I have downgraded my phone in many levels. I would not recommend this phone to anyone who wants to have a truly top of the line (or somewhere near there) phone.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars If you have been a Sony Xperia user, you always will be!. I have been using this phone for a month. Right after I purchased it, Sony announced a newer model of their flagship ZX1, so I thought I made a mistake by buying it though I have never regretted any bits of it. this phone works great, reacts fast, takes great pictures, and fits my hand just as I liked my Z2. If you have been a Sony user, you always will be. I don't understand why people always want to compare this with Galaxy. It all depends on personal preference.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Get it. This is the best phone I've ever owned. Its far from perfect but its very well built and performs great. You will need to flash a new image to it to enable the fingerprint scanner but the process is very easy and makes the device far more user friendly. The fingerprint scanner location is in a great location as well. Highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great Android phone My iPhone wielding friends always ask about it too :) PROS - fast - waterproof - good battery life - light Android skin - excellent camera with dedicated button - micro SD CONS - fingerprint scanner not enabled in US firmware (can flash firmware from any other country to enable it) - speaker volume is too low. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great, solid phone, does not use Micro USB but will use a USB Type-C.. Color: Blue w/ Headphone Bundle | Verified Purchase. This is a great upgrade from the previous model of Sony phones. I ended up upgrading from the Xperia Z5 to the XZs for the increase of power and storage capacity, with a stronger processor and twice the internal storage capacity. The battery is larger as well and lasts even longer than the Z5 in Stamina mode. Transfering your settings and saved data, such as WiFi settings and app settings, was fairly easy and quick to do. The size is not much different from the Z5, only by a fraction of a centimeter height wise, but has a more rounded look. One of the main selling points for the phone, aside from the larger storage, was the camera. While the camera is not as strong as other models, including the Z5, it does have a Super Slow-Mo mode that can shoot at an amazing 960 fps, which slows down videos far greater than what other phones can reach. The camera also has a 'prediction mode' when you are taking photos while in motion, trying to predict the image that you want in case you catch it a little early. The only thing that I do not care for is the data/charging port. Sony switched the port from a Micro USB to a USB Type-C. All of the charging cables that I have now are not compatible unless I buy an adaptor or a new cable.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good phone, fast and with decent screen for the price.. After using the phone for one week I find that it's really fast, has decent screen and it's waterproof. Battery life is good and connectivity (LTE and AC wifi) excellent. For the price I recommend it. For some weird reason Sony Xperia phones don't have a good presence in the US, but you are missing out on excellent phones if you go for other brands.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This is a really nice phone for the price. The color is nice as well. The only problem I have with this phone is that the charging is slow compared to others.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone!. Good speed , capacity, camera, I am very happy with my new phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This a great product at a great price! BUT BIG BUT, VERIZON would not or could not recognize Sony phone in there system. 5.0 out of 5 stars NOT UNLOCKED BY VERIZON. Great discount and price for Xperia, I always wanted one now I got it, fast shipping.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I've been using this phone for a while now and it reminded my how much I enjoyed the Xperia Z3 I had a while back. Camera is fast and pretty great in good lighting. 5.0 out of 5 stars ... while now and it reminded my how much I enjoyed the Xperia Z3 I had a while back. A very small phone compared to my previous ZTE zmax 981 6-inches phone, but after I got used to it, I realized that 4GB OF RAM is not enough to deal with 64 GB of memory. 4.0 out of 5 stars Try not to use over 40GB of memory bc 4GB of ram will begin to slow down & it will have a processing speed of a snail.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Still getting used to Android, but phone is really snappy, the screen is gorgeous and the fingerprint scanner works on the one I bought... 4.0 out of 5 stars Beautiful phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Ice Blue (US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Motorola Moto G4 (16GB) XT1621 GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE Phone - 5.5" Screen (International Version - No Warranty) - Black. Apple iPhone 6 Plus Factory Unlocked Cellphone, 64GB, Gold. HUAWEI Ascend Mate 2 16GB Unlocked GSM 6.1” Display 4G LTE Android Smartphone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. Sony Xperia XA F3116 16GB Graphite Black, Dual Sim, 5", Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia L1 G3311 16GB Android Single-SIM Factory Unlocked 4G/LTE Smartphone (Black) - International Version. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925F 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Smartphone - Gold Platinum. See and discover other items: Computer Headsets , Telephone Headsets , Memory Cards , Camera Lenses. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Jagmeet Singh , 28 November 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The new Android version comes as over-the-air (OTA) update. It includes a build number 41.3.A.0.401. There is Xperia Actions in addition to core Android Oreo features. A month after delivering the latest experience on the Xperia XZ Premium , Sony has started rolling out Android 8.0 Oreo update for its Xperia XZ and Xperia XZs. Both the handsets were debuted at IFA 2016 with Android 7.1 Nougat and were expected to receive the update to Android Oreo sometime before the end of this year. The Sony Xperia X Performance is also receiving its Oreo update.. The Android Oreo update for the Sony Xperia XZ and Xperia XZs is available as an over-the-air (OTA) firmware and is currently rolling out in phases. You can check its availability on your smartphone by visiting the System updates option from the Settings menu. You are recommended to back up your data before beginning the update process, and it is advisable to use a Wi-Fi connection to download the update package.. Sony has provided the Android Oreo update with a build version 41.3.A.0.401, as reported by XperiaBlog.net. There are certain tweaks in addition to core Android Oreo features. The update includes reminders that prompt you for unfinished tasks such as emails in draft and messages, redesigned app shortcuts with long-press access to actions, and smart text selection that contextually recognises and suggests options based on selected text. Also, the update has an enhanced Xperia Actions feature that suggests settings based on your usage and comes with all-new gaming and community features.. The Android Oreo update for the Xperia XZ and Xperia XZs additionally comes with Google's default Android Oreo features such as Picture in Picture (PiP) mode, new Quick Settings menu, and Google Play Protect integration. Similarly, the update is expected to uplift the experience with improvements like background limits, text autofill, and notification dots. There is also Android security update for November 2017 to fix some of the major existing vulnerabilities and bugs.. In the meanwhile, the Xperia X Performance is also said to be receiving its Android 8.0 Oreo update, reports Xperia Blog.. Last month, Sony released the Android Oreo update for the Xperia XZ Premium. That update brought features like a 3D Creator, which was originally available on the Xperia XZ1 and Xperia XZ1 Compact , to render a 3D avatar or a free-form image of users using the front-facing camera sensor of the smartphone in a short span of less than a minute. The update also included a predictive capture functionality and an autofocus burst mode. Also, it was touted to improve the sound quality of the top-end smartphone by tuning the front-firing stereo speakers and adding Qualcomm aptX HD audio support.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Great build quality Excellent performance Good camera Bad Expensive Heats up while recording video. Read detailed Sony Xperia XZ review. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia X Performance Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia XZ Price Cut in India, Now Available at Rs. Sony Xperia X Performance, Xperia XZ Android 7.0 Nougat Update Now Rolling Out. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Excellent camera performance Good build quality, water resistant Vivid display Speedy all-round performance Bad Severe overheating when recording videos Dated design. Read detailed Sony Xperia XZs review. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Sony Xperia XZs to Go on Sale in India Today. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Android Oreo , Android Oreo update , Mobiles , Sony , Sony Xperia XZ , Sony Xperia XZs , Xperia XZ , Xperia XZs. New High-Speed Quantum Encryption Could Thwart Hackers: Study. Yahoo Hacking Case: Canadian Charged Pleads Guilty in US. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp. FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour. >> Free Shipping on most orders over $49. Specials & Rebates See All Specials >. 1 of Deals Today. Enjoy Extended Returns thru Feb 1, 2018!. You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017.. All other standard return policy czuxcaawrecrzqrcawxxfxvedqav conditions apply.. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Ice Blue). Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Ice Blue). Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Place your order by 4pm and your order will ship the same day. For further details see delivery estimates in cart. International orders are processed the next shipping day.. 19MP 1/2.3" Exmor RS Camera Sensor. 25mm f/2.0 Sony G Lens + BIONZ Processor. 2.15 GHz Snapdragon 820 Quad-Core CPU. 64GB Storage Capacity + 4GB of RAM. 5.2" 1920 x 1080 IPS LCD Display. This device is Carrier-unlocked and may be used with any GSM carrier that uses a frequency or band that this device supports. A SIM card and service plan must be purchased separately. This device's frequencies can be found in the product Specifications under Cellular Network. Your carrier's available frequencies may be found in the links below. North American Carriers South American Carriers Worldwide Carriers. $0.00 Tax Collected Outside NY and NJ. B&H only collects sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in the States of New York and New Jersey. You may be responsible for state and local sales/use taxes when filing your tax returns. Please check your local sales tax laws.. Enjoy powerful performance and high-quality optics with the unlocked Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone in Ice Blue. This smartphone is powered by the Snapdragon 820 quad-core chipset, which incorporates two dual-core Kryo processors running at 1.6 and 2.15 GHz. Additionally; this smartphone has 4GB of RAM for efficient multi-tasking and 64GB of storage capacity, which can be expanded via the dedicated microSD card slot. The Xperia XZs is endowed with a 5.2" IPS LCD display, which is designed to deliver life-like color reproduction with optimized image contrast, color, and sharpness thanks to HDR. The phone's Full HD 1920 x 1080 native resolution allows you to view vivid high definition content without pixel loss. On the rear of the phone is a 19MP camera with a 1/2.3" Exmor RS sensor for capturing bright and detailed images. For high-resolution selfies and 1080p video-chatting, the XZs is also equipped with a 13MP front camera. Bluetooth 4.2 with aptX is built into this device for pairing with other Bluetooth-enabled devices and transmitting high-quality audio, and NFC enables easy pairing. With dual-band 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi, you can enjoy high-speed wireless Internet connectivity. GPS with GLONASS is also onboard for using Google Location and Maps services. The Xperia XZs houses a non-removable 2900mAh battery, rechargeable via the reversible USB Type-C port.. 19-Megapixel Motion Eye Camera with Exmor RS for Mobile Image Sensor. The Xperia XZs offers a rear camera with a large 1/2.3" 19-megapixel Exmor RS Sensor for high definition image capturing. Motion Eye enables recording at up to 960 frames per second, enabling you to capture ultra-slow-motion video in 720p HD quality. Predictive Capture buffers images a second before you hit the shutter, giving you up to four images to choose from, and Predictive Hybrid Autofocus technology anticipates motion to keep your subject in focus. A fast shutter helps reduce distortion when capturing fast-moving objects. The Sony Exmor RS for Mobile image sensor launches in half a second and features a unique stacked structure that allows for even more light gathering ability than backside-illuminated image sensors, leading to less noise and better low light ability in a more compact size. In front of the 1/2.3" sensor is a bright f/2.0 25mm-equivalent Sony G Lens that also helps produce sharp pictures, even in low light. The Xperia XZs also features the Sony BIONZ for mobile image processor which helps eliminate noise while preserving detail even at ISO sensitivities up to 12800, or 4000 for video. Video can also be recorded at vivid 4K resolution. The front-facing camera has a 13MP, 1/3.06" sensor with 1.12µm pixels and an f/2.0 22mm-equivalent wide-angle lens, enabling you to take self-portraits and videochat in 1080p Full HD.. GSM / 4G LTE Wireless Connectivity. This phone is designed to work on select GSM networks and is 4G LTE capable. LTE is an advanced cellular network data protocol capable of data speeds so fast that they compete with wired broadband Internet providers. With an LTE connection, this phone should have no problem streaming HD video, downloading apps, uploading photos, or anything else that requires a high-speed data connection. The phone is also backwards compatible with 3G and 2G data for instances when you can't get LTE. In addition to cellular wireless, this phone also features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. Note: Not compatible with all cellular networks. Please make sure your provider uses a frequency or band that this phone supports. You can check which bands this phone works with in the Specifications. North American Variant / US Compatible LTE. The G8232 is a US variant of the Xperia XZs. The G8232's LTE radio is tuned to frequencies that are most often used in the United States and North America. It can also be used in other parts of the world; however, LTE access may be limited or unsupported, depending on the network. To ensure this phone will work with your carrier please check to make sure the frequencies your carrier uses are supported by this phone. The full list of compatible carrier frequencies can be found here, the frequencies this phone supports can be found in the product specifications.. Dual SIM Dual Standby (DSDS) allows you to lower your mobile costs when traveling while staying connected. Once your SIM cards are installed, you will be able to receive phone calls and text messages from either without needing to manually choose which one is active. When you want to make a call or send an SMS message, you can select the correct SIM card. When one SIM card is being used for a phone call, the other will not be active until you hang up. The Android operating system integrates heavily with Google's services. Using the card-based Google Now, Android quickly surfaces information for you whenever you need it, powered by the same Knowledge Engine that runs Google's web search. It's a personalized and customizable OS, allowing you to add your favorite apps or widgets to your homescreen. You can even download new themes using the Google Play Store, which offers access to more than one million apps, games, books, music, movies, and more. Android 7.1 Nougat adds major productivity capabilities to the operating system in the form of a multi-window view, which allows for two apps to be placed onscreen at a time. An improved notification system allows you to interact with texts and emails right from your notification pane - without needing to open the app. Other features include file-based encryption, a Data Saver mode, the ability to scale text and icons to better suit your phone's screen, and more.. The XZs' display features TRILUMINOS technology that can produce a wider color spectrum than traditional displays. The X-Reality engine adds missing pixels, reduces noise, and enhances texture, and the Dynamic Contrast Enhancer uses adaptive tone mapping for contrast correction to reduce oversaturation.. Pair your XZ to your PS4 gaming console Compatible with PS4 dual shock controllers with clip-on mount (sold separately) Remote Play allows you to take your PlayStation 4 gaming anywhere in your home via Wi-Fi. The XZs' Xperia Actions automatically adjust their settings to your environment, learning how to best serve you based on how you use it.. The Xperia XZs is certified IP65/68 against dust, rain, and low-pressure jets of water when its ports are sealed with the attached covers. The capless USB Type-C port must be completely dry before charging. Water-resistant in fresh water only; do not submerge.. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Ice Blue). Why Buy an Unlocked Phone: A Primer. The Camera Phone is 20 Years Old!. What Smartphones Should I Consider If I Care About Security?. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29, 32, 38, 39, 40, 41. MP / Video: 1920 x 1080p. MP / Video: 3840 x 2160p. Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Proximity sensor. Dimensions (W x H x D). Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Ice Blue) is rated. Rated 5 out of. Great phone, switched from Galaxy and I'm glad I did. Switched after having several Galaxy phones over the year and definitely glad I did. Great display, easy to see even in the sun. Camera is outstanding, super slow motion feature needs a decent amount of light to work but it's been fun to use. Runs a clean version of Nougat, not a whole lot of software forced onto this phone. Run very quick, no lag, apps open fast and video streams perfectly. Front speakers are great for speakerphone, podcasts, news ,etc. Music is good through the speakers but not super loud. Dedicated camera button is a nice feature. Battery life has been great so far, I usually have at least 50% remaining at the end of a day with normal to heavy use. Rated 4 out of. I got this to replace my old Z3 since it was a great deal, the jump in performance was definitely noticeable and the camera is amazing.. While I didn't really need to replace my old phone my only major disappointment with the XZs was that they removed MSC mode in favor of MTP so the transfer rate and access times are abyssmal everytime I want to move something in/out of my microSD card.. There is also a fingerprint reader but not functioning for whatever reason, you can activate it by flashing firmware from another country that has it enabled. Shouldn't take more than an hour to do, it's simple and definitely worth the effort.. Rated 5 out of. I received my phone in a timely manner, well packaged. I am very satisfied with the phone everything that I had expected.. Rated 3 out of. Great styling, good hand feel, beautiful screen. Here's the bad: You can buy this phone as a dual SIM OR as single SIM with expandable memory, but not both. Sony has used what is called a hybrid SIM/SD tray. The SD card spot on the tray doubles as the second SIM card slot and only one of those cards can occupy the slot. So, when I bought this phone along with a 64 gig SD card, I thought I was setting myself up with a pretty decent rig. Another shame is that Sony has removed the FM radio from its higher end Xperia lineup. All told, if I was to do it over I would opt for the Dual SIM Xperia XA Ultra for half the price but with all the aforementioned features and stick a 128 gig SD card in it. Odd choices for what was for a short time Sony's flagship phone.. Rated 5 out of. Sony camera quality in a cell phone. Excellent phone with an extraordinary camera included.. Rated 1 out of. battery problem for all xperia series. I have to write this review to warn people about battery problem of xperia series. I've been a long time Sony fan and have been purchased Xperia Z1, Z1c, Z3, Z5, Z5c and XZs (this model). Unfortunately from Z5 and onward, all models are experiencing battery problems. The symptom is: battery drop quickly without usage, even with flight mode and wifi off. My XZs' battery lasts two days with normal usage out-of-the-box. However just after 8 months, it suddenly began to drain fast, within a week, the battery can only last half day. The same symptom happened on my Z5 and Z5c, but they started to behave like this after 15 months, which is kind of normal, but still worse than other brands.. Be the first to review this item. See any errors on this page?. Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.. Shipping Free Expedited Shipping for most orders over $49. Returns Shop With Confidence Easy 30-Day Return Policy. Gift Cards The Gift that Never Expires. Event Space Expert B&H Events and Presentations. Browse our Winter 2018 Interactive Catalog. Sign up for B&H news and special offers. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. The email address you entered was an invalid email.. Speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more.. Enjoy the B&H mobile shopping experience. Norton Secured - Powered by Symantec. © 2000-2018 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 420 9th Ave, New York, NY 10001. We close every Friday evening to Saturday evening for Shabbos.. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms NYC DCA Lic.: Elec. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xperia xzs. All Listings - Current page. Save xperia xzs to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xperia xzs to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 64GB - Black Blue Silver. Sony Xperia XZs 32GB Unlocked GSM 19MP Quad-Core Smartphone - Warm Silver. Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Ice Blue (US... 2 new & refurbished from $448.95. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB 5.2" 4G/64G LTE Unlocked. Docomo Xperia XZs SO-03J Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. SONY XPERIA XZS G8232 64GB BLACK/BLUE 4G DUAL SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. Docomo Xperia XZs SO-03J Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 64GB - Blue. New Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Dual Sim 4GB RAM Factory Unlocked - Blue. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Docomo Xperia XZs SO-03J Ice Blue Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 64GB 5.2"Smartphone Black, Blue, Silver. New Sony Xperia XZs Dual Sim G8232 64GB 19MP 5.2" Phone+Gift. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Brand NEW & SEALED!!! Sony Xperia XZs G8232, 64GB, 5.2',' 19MP, 4GB RAM. 2 new & refurbished from $448.95. (Unlocked) Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual Sim 4/64GB Black - FastShip. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Docomo Xperia XZs SO-03J Ice Blue Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. TPU SILICONE COVER FOR SONY XPERIA XZ XZS SOFT CASE SILICON BUMPER MOBILE PHONE. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Blue 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Silver 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB 5.2" 4G/64G LTE Unlocked. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Warm Silver Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE - Refurbished. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 - 64GB - Warm Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone (Dual SIM). Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual LTE 5.2inch 4 RAM 64GB Black in stock. (Unlocked) Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual Sim 4/64GB Black/Blue/Sil ver Fedex/DHL. Sony Xperia XZ/XZs Clear Case [Ringke Fusion] Shockproof Protective Cover. Sony Xperia XZs 32GB Unlocked GSM 19MP Quad-Core Smartphone - Warm Silver. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB 5.2" 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone Unlocked DHL Ship. Sony Xperia XZs Dual Sim G8232 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 64GB - Black Blue Silver. Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 64GB 5.2"Smartphone. Sony Xperia XZs GB ? 19MP 5.2" Phone Black for parts only. New Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB Dual Sim 4GB RAM Factory Unlocked - Silver. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual LTE 5.2inch 4 RAM 64GB Ice Blue Wty. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual LTE 4 RAM 64GB Warm Silver NIB. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Black 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. Sony Xperia XZs G8232 64GB 5.2'' 19MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 8 new & refurbished from $375.00. COVER FOR SONY XPERIA XZ XZS CASE GLITTERY FAIRY SILVER COVER MOBILE PHONE. SLIM CASE FOR SONY XPERIA XZ XZS ULTRA THIN COVER SHELL BUMPER PROTECTION. Sony XPERIA XZs Dual Sim G8232 64GB 5.2"Smartphone. For Xperia XZ/XZs Case | Ringke [FUSION] Transparent Shockproof Protective Cover. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. IN-STOCK✔ RINGKE® OFFICIAL✔ FREE SHIPPING✔ BEST SELLER✔. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Xperia XZs was announced at MWC 2017. This phone features a 5.2 inch display with 1080 x 1920 pixels. The Snapdragon 820 chipset has a Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo) CPU and an. There is 34GB of internal storage and 4GB of RAM. The 19MP back facing camera is the same one that you'll find in the premium version of this phone. You can shoot up to 960fps at 720p. The front facing camera has a 13MP sensor. The 2900 mAh battery has quick charge 3.0.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Sony Xperia XZs Real Life Review. Sony Xperia XZs Questions & Answers. Sony Xperia XZs Guides, News, & Discussion. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Sony Xperia XZs Themes, Apps, and Mods. Rom List : Sony Xperia XZs. Sony Xperia XZs Real Life Review Sony Xperia XZs Questions & Answers Sony Xperia XZs Guides, News, & Discussion Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Sony Xperia XZs Themes, Apps, and Mods Sony Xperia XZs Accessories. Most Active Sony Xperia XZs Topics. [FTF][G82**][V2]Android Oreo 8.0.0 + Root, Drm Fix, Magisk + Deodex Patch & Addon. [FTF][G8231 - G8232][ROM] Android Oreo 8.0.0 ver 41.3.A.2.24 R1E. [ROM][XZs][G833x][UB][STOCK] eXistenZ Oreo | v2.0.0 | 18/01/18. Sony Xperia XZs Real Life Review. More Sony Xperia XZs Real Life Review Threads. Sony Xperia XZs Questions & Answers. camera on instagram only boomereng effect. Camera not working correctly after bootloader unlock need drm zip maybe?. Will flashing to global ROM make me lose my camera DRM keys?. More Sony Xperia XZs Questions & Answers Threads. Sony Xperia XZs Guides, News, & Discussion. [Tutorial][Oreo][2.24] Step-by-step guide to gain root access properly. Xperia XZs FTF files downloads including oreo :). Success flashtool to flash Global Firmware on my G8232 ! Guide for newbiew (like me). Xperia XZs Single and Dual (7.1.1) FTF Download. More Sony Xperia XZs Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. STEP by STEP guide to ROOT Xperia XZs Oreo G8232 41.3.A.2.75. [ROM][XZs][G833x][UB][STOCK] eXistenZ Oreo | v2.0.0 | 18/01/18. [FTF][G82**][V2]Android Oreo 8.0.0 + Root, Drm Fix, Magisk + Deodex Patch & Addon. More Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Sony Xperia XZs Themes, Apps, and Mods. Pre-installed Xperia Home of Xperia XZs. Need systemUI apk from XZs Firmware. More Sony Xperia XZs Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. ROM][JB-4.1.2] JB Mini Project | Release 2 | 12/02/13 | Bugfree | RELEASED. More Sony Xperia XZs Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Issues & Fixes Stock Wallpapers Rooting Guide Unroot/Unbrick Best Apps. CM14.1 CM14 CM13 CyanogenMod 12.1. Stock Roms Installing Rom. Oreo GApps Nougat Gapps Nougat 7.1/7.1.2 Lineage Os 14/14.1 CM 14/14.1 Marshmallow Gapps CM 13/13.1 Lollipop Gapps. Join RMG Guest Post Contact Us Privacy Policy. Update Sony Xperia XZs To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA (Security Patch). Sony Xperia XZs To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA. Update Sony Xperia XZs To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA (Security Patch) : Sony has started rolling out the latest February 2018 Security Patch OTA Update for its devices.After Sony Xperia X Performance, Sony Xperia XZs has also received the same February. The latest update comes with software version. and is being rolled out in some parts of the world via OTA (over-the-air).Only users. will be getting the update.It may take some time to reach all parts of the world.. This is not a major update but as brings. Google ‘s latest security patch, it is highly recommended to install the update.The update comes with many bug fixes which were present in the previous build.It also brings stability and performance improvements to the device.. Sony Xperia XZs , then you may have already received the 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 Security Patch. Update.You can manually check for the update by going to. » About phone » Software update , then. If there is no update showing on your device, then wait for few days for the update to come to your device.. Note: Before installing the update make sure that your device has at-least. 50% charged and connect to the Wi-Fi network to avoid the data charges.. Update Sony Xperia XZ To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA (Security Patch). Update Sony Xperia X Performance To 41.3.A.2.75 February 2018 OTA. How To • Rooting Guide. Root Galaxy A3 2016 SM-A310M and Install TWRP On... How To • Rooting Guide. Root Galaxy A3 2016 SM-A310Y and Install TWRP On... How To • Installing Rom. Download/Install Android 8.1 Oreo On Galaxy S5 Mini... How To • LineageOs. Download and Install Official Lineage OS 15.1 On... How To • LineageOs. Download and Install Official Lineage OS 15.1 On... How To • Installing Rom. Download/Install Android 8.1 Oreo On Asus Zenfone 2.... Dibyajyoti an Android enthusiast, a tech-blogger and an avid reader.He is graduated in B.tech.He is the founder and chief editor in rootmygalaxy.net. Best Rom List • How To. Best Moto E4 Plus Custom ROMs (fast and good battery.... Best Rom List • How To. Best Huawei P10 Custom ROMs (fast and good battery.... Best Rom List • How To. List Of Best Custom ROMs For Google Pixel 2/Pixel 2.... Best Rom List • CyanogenMod • News. CyanogenMod 15 Update Device list and Release Date. Full List Of Best Custom ROMs For Moto Z | Android.... Infinix Zero 5 Pro Review and Best Deal (Heavy.... Deals • Reviews. [Review] Xiaomi Light Weight Sneakers with.... Buy This 20000mAh Power Bank For $15 Only. ACEPEC T8 Mini PC Short Review and Best Deal (Intel.... Deals • Reviews. FuriBee Q6 WiFi 4K Ultra HD Action Sport Camera.... [Best Coupon Deal] Now Get 50$ off On Bluboo S1.... Deals • Reviews. Huami Amazfit 2, the best smartwatch of Xiaomi level. Top 5 Best Chinese Smartphones Under 100$ For.... Copyright © 2016.All Rights Reserved by RMG Media Group .Made with ❤️ in India. LineageOS 15 (Oreo) Is now available for many devices Download Now. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Shoot super slow-mo video with Sony's shiny chrome phone. A shiny chrome body and a camera that captures video at 960 frames per second make the XZ Premium a compelling phone.. by February 26, 2017 11:45 PM PST. Sony's polished Xperia XZ Premium and XZS. Capture your world in super slow motion with Sony's new.... Additional Xperia XZ Premium specs: Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB of RAM 7.9 mm thick IP68 waterproofing (can be submerged to 1.5 metres (5 feet) for 30 minutes) 2,900mAh battery 13-megapixel front-facing camera Android 7 Nougat 64GB storage , expandable with microSD cards up to 256GB in size Xperia XZS specs: 5.2-inch display 2,900mAh battery Android 7.0 Nougat. It's been less than six months since Sony launched its last flagship phone, the XZ , but it's already following up with the XZ Premium and the XZS, which is best seen as a mildly updated XZ.. The XZ Premium shows the biggest changes. The metal chassis from the XZ remains, but Sony replaced the brushed metal back panel with an attractive glass sheet. The chrome version of the phone is so shiny you can easily use it as a mirror to check your hair on the move (yes, I tried this) though it's a total fingerprint magnet.. The camera resolution has dropped to 19 megapixels (the XZ had 23), but the pixels themselves are larger, which should improve low-light shots and achieve a more even exposure.. The video mode now has a super slow-motion function. While many phones have this feature, the XZ Premium can shoot at an impressive 960 frames per second, to slow the action down even further. If you already enjoy slow-motion videos of your dog jumping for a treat or your friend face-planting off their skateboard, you'll have great fun with the XZ Premium.. MWC 2017: All the gadgets announced so far. The 5.5-inch display has a 4K resolution and uses high dynamic range ( HDR ) tech, which Sony says is a first on a phone. In theory this should help give much richer colours, although in the low light of the room I saw the phone in, it was difficult to see much difference, so I'll reserve judgement for the full review.. The XZS, meanwhile, looks almost identical to the standard XZ, but has the new camera tech from its Premium sibling. Pricing and availability have yet to be announced.. Sony's polished Xperia XZ Premium and XZS. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The next video is starting stop. Xperia XZs – Super slow motion. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Take a closer look at the new Xperia™ XZs: http://bit.ly/XperiaXZs_5_2 Explore the world of Xperia: http://bit.ly/Xperia_5_2 Xperia XZs features our most advanced smartphone innovation yet: the new Motion Eye™ camera. With incredible Super slow motion video recording, Predictive Capture and the latest Sony camera technologies, you’ll capture more breathtaking moments than you ever thought possible. Super slow motion records in 960 frames per second, for videos slowed down 4x more than conventional slow motion. The result? You’ll find breathtaking drama in everything you shoot, going beyond what the naked eye ordinarily sees. It all looks incredible on the 5.2” display, which blends elegantly into the sleek loop surface. This smooth style continues throughout the Xperia XZs design, from the ALKALEIDO™ metal back to the beautifully refined interface. And, by using the latest intelligent features to learn and adapt to your life, Xperia XZs is more than meets the eye. Building on Sony’s rich heritage of audio innovation, Xperia XZs delivers true sound quality – for music that sounds just as the artist intended. Xperia XZs is available in Ice Blue, Warm Silver and Black, depending on your location.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia XZ Durability Test - BEND test - Scratch Test - Burn Tested. Xperia XZs – Detailed Features overview.. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 960fps slow-motion camera in-depth look. Sony Xperia XZs vs iPhone 7 Plus Speed Test, Multitasking, Benchmark. Sony Xperia XZs review - Did Sony improve the camera?. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 vs Xperia XZ 100 °C Boiling Hot Water Test!. Sony Xperia XZs Review (John Sey). Sony Xperia XZs Review: A Minor Upgrade. Xperia XZ Premium – Everything becomes Wow. Samsung Galaxy S8 Vs Xperia XZs Camera Test. Sony Xperia XZs - Unboxing (4K). Sony Xperia XZs Unboxing & Hands On vs Xperia XZ. Sony Xperia XZs Teardown | Disassembly. Sony Xperia XZs - How to use the Camera and 960fps Super Slow Motion Video Recorder. Sony Xperia XZs Hands-ON | Best in Camera But ?? Sharmaji Technical. Sony Xperia XZs Review - Sony's Best Phone... Hands-On Exclusive of Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact - MWC 2018. Sony Xperia XZs Camera, Gaming + Benchmark. Sony Xperia XZ Premium hands on review. Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs Sony Xperia XZs Speed Test, Multitasking, Benchmark. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Android Oreo firmware update ready for Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs. Sony isn’t late when it comes to releasing the new Android OS version each year. It’s one of the first OEMs to start testing the Oreo platform. After being part of Sony’s Open Device Program , the phones were added to the Android Open Source Program and now they are ready for the Android 8.0.0 firmware update. The Xperia XZ and the Xperia XZs can be upgraded to 41.3.A.0.401 build. That’s from 41.2.A.7.76 for both devices.. The Sony Xperia X Performance will also receive the same update in the coming weeks or days. As promised, the Oreo update is released for several Xperia phone models including the Xperia XZ Premium , Xperia X, Xperia X Performance, Xperia XA1, Xperia XA1 Ultra, Xperia X Compact, Xperia Touch, and Xperia XA1 Plus. This is aside from the AOSP for dozens of Xperia devices .. The Android 8.0 Oreo release will add improvements and new features for the Xperia XZ and Xperia XZs such as Reminders, Xperia Actions, App Shorcuts, Smart text selection, and Autofill. You can take advantage of useful prompts for unfinished tasks like drafts in messages or emails. The device can suggest settings based on your previous and regular usage.. Android Oreo on the Xperia phones can also contextually recognize and suggest useful options based on your selected text. Autofill then allows a user to save personal information and easily fill in forms in the future.. Sony Xperia XZs brings Motion Eye slo mo to familiar specs. Sony Xperia XZs now up for pre-order on Amazon, shipping starts April 5. Xperia XZs now part of Sony’s Open Device Program, have a go at AOSP. Sony flagship devices Xperia XZ Premium, Xperia XZs don’t have ‘tap to wake’ feature. Sony Xperia XZs gets a price cut on Amazon. TAGS Android Android 8.0 Android Oreo sony Sony Xperia Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia XZs. Sony Xperia XZ2, XZ2 Compact hands-on: time for a change. Galaxy S9 price details: AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon line up [UPDATE]. © 2008 - 2018 Android Community. 
Mobiles / Sony Mobile Phones / Sony Xperia XZs Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 556 Launch Date in India: 11 April, 2017 Compare. The Japanese handset maker, Sony has finally found its groove with the X series and seems to be launching all the right handsets. This year, Mobile World Congress witness several launches by the brand, all of which look promising. One of these handsets, which caught our attention is the Xperia Xzs. This handset boasts of the latest processor and one of the most unique cameras on a smartphone at the moment. The handset is expected to sit quite well in the Indian handset market, if priced well. Here is a brief overview of the handset for those who might be interested in this device.. Full HD Triluminos Display with X-Reality : Sony has been equipping its handsets with powerful display features since the very first smartphone it launched. The Xperia XZs is no exception as it comes with Full HD Triluminos Display and X-Reality engine, which improves the viewing experience of the device.. Motion Eye Camera : This is the feature that has been highlighted excessively by the brand at MWC and for all the right reasons. Two features that has been publicised by the brand is the super slow motion video capturing at 960 FPS, which is quite unheard of and is being dubbed as the best camera feature by the brand. Second intriguing feature is Predictive Capture, which means that camera can detect the scene and if there is a perfect capture, it will click the picture if you do not click it. This is a pretty useful feature as it might produce some of the best candid images.. IP65/68 rated construction : The other highlighted feature of the handset is that it comes with the IP65/68 rating. This means that in case you are caught in rain or accidentally drop your device in a puddle, it will be able to survive that. Moreover, the handset is also dust-resistant, making it pretty durable for day to day usage.. DSEE HX audio technology : There are smartphone users, who get their music fix on their device and if the handset could produce amazing audio, it is a winner. While the handset comes with support for Hi-Res audio, it also has a new technology called DSEE HX that amplifies low resolution audio and provide enhanced audio.. Battery could have been better : The handset comes with a decent 2900 mAh battery and Stamina mode, which assures that the device lasts quite long on a single charge. However, considering the price of the device, we wish it would have had atleast a 4000 mAh battery.. Sony Xperia XZs Price in India. 29,990 .00. No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Card.. No cost EMI on Credit Cards Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Flat 22,000 Off On Sony Xperia XZs.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Black +3 Variants. 36,287 .00. Black +1 Variants. 37,990 .00. Black +2 Variants. 37,990 .00. Sony Xperia XZs Price in India starts from. The lowest Sony Xperia XZs price in India is. 29,990 at Flipkart.com on 26 February, 2018. available on flipkart.com, amazon.in, croma.com and tatacliq.com. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Sony Xperia XZs is available in Black. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 4 /5 (80 User Reviews). No cost EMI on Bajaj Finserv Card.. No cost EMI on Credit Cards Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Flat 22,000 Off On Sony Xperia XZs.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 2.2 GHz Quad Core 4 GB RAM 64 GB Storage 5.2" (13.21 cm) Display 2900 mAh Battery 19 MP Rear Camera 13 MP Front Camera VoLTE, Dual SIM Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Sony Xperia XZs Drops from 29,990. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Sony Xperia XZs Drops from 29,990. Water resistant for up to 30 minutes in a depth of 1.5 meter, IP65, IP68. Android v7.0 (Nougat) Upgradable To V8.0 (Oreo). 146 x 72 x 8.1 mm. 2.2 GHz Quad core 64 bit (Kryo). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope. 1080 x 1920 pixels, Full HD. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Hybrid autofocus, Phase Detection autofocus. Handset with built-in Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Type-C Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Sony Xperia XZ. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Sony Xperia XA1. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Sony Xperia XZ1. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Samsung Galaxy S8. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Google Pixel. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Sony Xperia XA Ultra Dual. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs LG G6. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs OnePlus 5. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs OnePlus 3T. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Nokia 8. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs OnePlus 5 128GB. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Apple iPhone 7. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro. Compare Sony Xperia XZs vs HTC U Ultra. Question: How much Internal storage space is free? Can Apps be moved to SD card?. Answer: This handset comes with 64 GB of inbuilt storage, of which around 50 GB of space is available to the user. Supported apps can be easily moved to the SD card if user wants to.. Question: Is USB OTG supported?. Answer: Yes, this handset comes with USB OTG feature.. Question: - Does it come with Dual Tone LED Flash?. Answer: No, unfortunately the handset comes with single LED flash.. Question: Do both SIM cards support 4G?. Answer: Yes, both SIM card slots in the handset support 4G LTE.. Question: Is the battery removable?. Answer: No, the battery of this handset is non-removable.. Question: Does it record Slow motion Videos? What is the highest Video Resolution?. Answer: Yes, this smartphone can record slow motion videos. It can record videos in the highest resolution of 2160p.. Question: How is the software?. Answer: It comes with Android 7.0 Nougat operating system, which makes for a good user experience. The stock OS has been skinned with Sony's own skin, which adds a ton of additional features to the handset, which makes it easy to use.. Question: Does it support VoLTE?. Answer: Yes, the smartphone does support VoLTE feature.. Question: What comes inside the box?. Answer: Handset, Battery, Charger, Data Cable, Headset And User Guide.. Sony Mobiles Upcoming Sony Mobiles Sony Mobiles Under 25000 Sony Mobiles Under 30000 Sony 4G Mobiles Sony 6 Inch Mobiles Sony 3GB RAM Mobiles Sony 4G Mobiles Under 30000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives FAQs. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Sony Xperia XZs hands-on review: a new formula for success?. Available in the US on April 5, pre-order on Amazon now. 9 struggles only a Sony Xperia user understands. Why AndroidPIT is no longer only writing about smartphones. We've pretty much become accustomed to regularly seeing a new Sony device released every six months. The company has now released an upgraded version of the Xperia XZ, the Xperia XZs, which was unveiled at. We were at the Sony press conference where the device was first presented and were able to do some brief tests to give you our first impressions.. Sony Xperia XZs release date and price. The Xperia XZs was first introduced. during MWC 2017, and it will be available in the US starting on April 5. It is available for pre-order on Amazon. available in silver, blue and black. In the US, the device will have dual-SIM and 64 GB of internal storage.. Sony Xperia XZs design and build quality. The XZ Premium (left) next to the XZs (right). an upgrade of the Xperia XZ, the Xperia XZs has a very. The only differences are in the texture of the aluminum used for. slightly rough appearance, and is a bit smoother than the previous Xperia edition.. On the front and at some ends on the back we have a mixture of metal and plastic which, at least according to Sony, helps. This material used by Sony is ALKALEIDO, which is more resilient. than polycarbonate and contains a higher amount of aluminum.. The XZs are nicely designed, with straight lines and slightly rounded edges.. lens is inside a prominent frame, which detaches itself from the rear surface of the smartphone.. This is the point that sets XZs apart from XZ, and, as a result, ensures that the new device is a. Stick with what you know: the Xperia XZs display. The display of the Xperia XZs is identical to the. The mechanisms that manage color and contrast,. such as the Bravia Mobile Engine and X-Reality, are also the same.. Xperia Z5 or the Xperia XZ, you won't have many surprises when you use the XZs.. The Xperia XZs leaves the factory running with Xperia UI and Android 7.0 Nougat .. According to Sony, users can expect the same user experience as those which are. included in the software for the. XZ, so you can expect a. Another aspect that did not change compared to the Xperia XZ was the processor, though the amount of RAM has been increased to 4 GB for the XZs.. Xperia XZs has the Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor and 32 GB internal storage.. It is also possible to use a microSD card of up. to 2 TB as external memory.. Here's the headphone jack at the top of the device. Since releasing the Xperia Z, Sony has continued. to invest in stereo audio outputs for its smartphones, and the Xperia XZs is no. The device also offers support for high-definition files and also DSEE HX technology, which provides. is pretty much the same as with. If there are any differences, they aren't apparent yet.. The camera is the standout feature on the new Xperia XZs. the Xperia XZs stand out is its camera, which is the same as the Xperia XZ Premium.. This is the most notable aspect of the new model, which comes with the 19. MP triple sensor and the new Motion Eye system. saves images' metadata that is processed even before the user presses to capture a picture.. to offer an alternative to the user, which. even before they have taken it.. This mechanism will act faster than the user, causing no time or situation to go unnoticed. The image processor is Bionz, present in the company's compact cameras, known as Alpha and Cyber-shot.. It is an adaptation aimed at Xperia smartphones, and promises to deliver less compromising post-processing, with more realism in color and detail.. In practice, the predictive capture didn't work particularly well, at least on the prototype camera on the device we tried.. In addition to Bionz, Sony Imaging has introduced a new. image sensor that is capable of recording slow-motion images in Full HD at up to 960 frames per second.. In our hands on, we definitely found the slow motion to be. Here Sony has developed the industry's first. The new DRAM layer is introduced in between the usual two layers to deliver fast readout speeds. on the optical stabilization of the lens to capture images and video, which is a fundamental requirement in more expensive smartphones which have a strong focus on photography.. For both the Xperia XZs and XZ Premium devices that we tried in our hands-on review at MWC, the cameras were still prototypes. We will return to the camera and software in our final review to see how good it is.. Sony promises two days of battery life with 2,900 mAh, which is a bold claim considering the amount of. firepower which has been packed into the. The brand has perfected the STAMINA mode,. provides twice the normal battery life you'd find in an Xperia device.. 146 x 72.8 x 8.1 mm. 1920 x 1080 pixels (424 ppi). Here, we can see that Sony has perfected its longstanding recipe for success in the smartphone market.. The Xperia XZs is a marked improvement. on the Xperia XZ, but it. doesn't quite make the grade for it to be considered as the top device for the Sony brand. The company is making a conscious decision to release the device in select markets, ones where it knows the Xperia will be successful.. The Xperia XZs is an attractive device. and this new variant brings up some important new features, like its optimized camera. There are a few concerns about its battery capacity, as the system has not really been designed to increase the device's battery life, especially for what is for all intensive purposes an expensive device.. We'll soon be able to conduct a more thorough test of the Xperia XZs, so we'll reserve our judgement until we've managed to put it through its paces in the near future.. What do you think of the XZs? Do you prefer it over the XZ Premium? Let us know your thoughts on Sony's new smartphones in the comments below.. I like the flat design, different from iPhone and other phone similar to the looking of iPhone.. design is not that good as samsung and lg have....they are already struggling still did nt take a step forward ad lg did with their new flagship phone.. Totally agree, but the XA1 is even worse :D. It is sd 821 not 820.. Sadly it is actually an SD 820 :(. Wish they would bring a compact version out (as they did with the Z3 and the Z5). I currently have the Z5 Compact and before that the Z3 Compact (which was a gorgeous phone).. It's a fine device, but when you look at it in the store and compare to lg g6, for a same price...this one has no chance to be bestseller.. The only XZ I would be interested in would be the the premium. Now that sounds & looks like a winner. I am an old beat-nik and I like the square look of the phone. I think Sony has finally hit the nail on the head with the premium offering!. can you confirm if its use the same lcd panel than XZ? if youre not sure, whats your opinion about it vs XZ lcd display. is it brighter than XZ? more colorful? i found the Z5 has less motion blur while scrolling web page than XZ. what about XZs blur while scrolling? thanks for answer a lot.. Hi Rose, The display of the Xperia XZs is identical to the XZ.. I love the square looks of Sony phones, maybe I will consider the premium with the 835 processor! Plus a bigger battery & excellent camera's! I'm a little dissapointed with the S8 & Plus!. MWC 2018 live updates: the Galaxy S9 struts its stuff. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. AOSP 8.0.0 XZs G8231-2 by fastbooking. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Sony Xperia XZs Real Life Review Sony Xperia XZs Questions & Answers Sony Xperia XZs Guides, News, & Discussion Sony Xperia XZs Themes, Apps, and Mods. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By fastbooking , Senior Member on 13th September 2017, 10:49 PM. I proud to annonce Android 8.0.0 on the Xperia XZs G8231-2. So it's a beta, i have an XZ but no XZs so i count on your feedback. -Working on main menu and daily usage. Fingerprint working but sometimes behaves weird ( will be fixed by Sony Xperia Dev team). IMGs only available for now because otapackage is drunk. Come give feedback here ! https://t.me/tone_aosp. 1) wipe system, data, and cache. 2) turn off and go fastboot mode. 4) unplug usb cable and go to twrp. 6)force reboot because gapps 8.0 is weird. 7) boot and make the first config. Flash it like any rom and gapps recommended. CREDITS: Sony Open Sources Devices Team, that makes all the good stuff. LLJY for saying "works fine here" everytime we tried to understand smthg. All duality/Deeznuts test group for testing my drunk builds. And you to read the full topic. 8.0.0 AOSP, ROM for the Sony Xperia XZs. Current Beta Version: 1.0 (android 8.0.0). The Following 3 Users Say Thank You to fastbooking For This Useful Post: [ View ]. inteltecra1700 (26th September 2017) , Kryou (13th November 2017) , sharadaprasad (16th December 2017). Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2010. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2014. Join Date: Joined: Mar 2012. My Devices: Moto Z2 Play. How does it work for daily use?, In november I might grab the XZs very cheap with a contract from one of my local carriers and well, its really tempting!, but I haven't seen a lot of development and that makes me wary. ---------- Post added at 11:51 AM ---------- Previous post was at 11:49 AM ----------. How does it perform for daily use?, I'm interested in the device and I may get it with a contract in Mexico ATT for veeery cheap (250 bucks) but not a lot of development has going on and makes me wary.... Join Date: Joined: Dec 2010. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2017. My Devices: Sony Xperia XZs. Not sure if it's compatible with the (Single SIM -- Keyaki) G8231 version. In case it's not compatible, i compiled it for the single sim version (latest sony binarys from 2017-09-06):. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2017. Is it good ? work for daily use?. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2014. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S 5 , LG Watch Urbane , Sony Xperia XZs. how do i root it? or is it pre-rooted and i have messed up?. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2017. Currently I would recommend to use this file from Chainfire to root your rom. For me the Version "SR5-SuperSU-v2.82-SR5-20171001224502.zip" worked well. You only have to flash it with your TWRP recovery. Also I would recommend to use the newer opengapps. They didn't made any problems to my phone. Finally I'm usign this rom for weeks now and had no big problems. Also I have to mention that there's a charging problem on my phone. It works often only after a reboot. The phone shows the charging symbol, but doesn't charge. how do i root it? or is it pre-rooted and i have messed up?. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2017. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2014. Any updates? I would love to use this rom. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development by ThreadRank. [GUIDE] How-to Use WireGuard on Android and Ubuntu. [FTF][G8231 - G8232][ROM] Android Oreo 8.0.0 ver 41.3.A.2.24 R1E. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). [KERNEL][41.2-41.3.A.2.24][G8231-2] Rootable kernel with disabled force-encryption.. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [TOOL] Unlock bootloader in ASUS ZenPad 3S 10 Z500M (P027). [APP][ROOT] Pixel Launcher Mods - Icon Packs & more for the STOCK Pixel Launcher. [ROM][XZs][G833x][UB][STOCK] eXistenZ Oreo | v2.0.0 | 18/01/18. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Sony Xperia XZs ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. AOSP 8.0.0 XZs G8231-2 by fastbooking. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 4 £ 268 £ 278 € 305 € 316 $ 375 $ 389 R$ 1,216 R$ 1,261 zł 1,272 zł 1,319 руб 21,181 руб 21,965 ₹ 24,293 ₹ 25,193 Not available. 3 £ 409 € 465 £ 480 € 545 $ 572 $ 671 R$ 1,854 zł 1,939 R$ 2,175 zł 2,274 руб 32,293 ₹ 37,038 руб 37,877 ₹ 43,442 Not available. Finding the best price for the Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Sony Xperia XZs G8232 Dual at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. February 2017, 11 months ago. 72.0 mm x 146.0 mm x 8.1 mm. 1080 x 1920 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 5 cm away. Shooting in Super slow motion with Xperia XZ Premium. - More smartphones with Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 2.2GHz processor. Dual cluster Kryo 2x2.2GHz + 2x1.6GHz. - More smartphones with 4GB RAM memory. 124.000 Overall performance better than 93% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 57-63 GB). - More smartphones with 64GB of internal storage. 11636 Songs , 25600 Photos and 914 Videos. - More smartphones with IMX400 Exmor RS lens model. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. B4 (1700/2100 AWS 1) ,. B4 (1700/2100 AWS A-F) ,. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). AVRCP (Audio/Visual Remote Control Profile). GAVDP (Generic Audio/Video Distribution Profile). PAN (Personal Area Networking Profile). PBAP/PAB (Phone Book Access Profile). The European Union sets a limit of 2 W/kg averaged over 10 grams of tissue.. The FCC limit is 1.6 W/kg measured in a volume of 1 gram of tissue. - More smartphones with Android 8.0 Oreo operating system. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) A520FD Dual. Samsung Galaxy S8 4GB 64GB G950F. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus G3416 32GB. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) A520FD Dual. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
